user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,211820,28462231,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GEORGE CONSTANZA,"For people who like story, or fast, reaction-based gameplay, this game isnt for you.With over 200 hours on this game, i have come to a conclusion. You don't play this game for the end goal of saving the universe. you play this game for the journey it takes you on. I realised this when I was playing with friends, and we where doing nothing but sitting around a campfire on logs playing music on our instruments that this was my favroite game. If a game can make sitting around a campfire an experience that is memorable, it has to be doing something right.10/10, hands down."
76561198052023446,Recommended,211820,31943923,Posted: 24 May,all,Raskolnikov,"More Than Just Terraria In SpaceI was initially attracted to Starbound because it looked like Terraria in space. This was appealing to me because I love Terraria – I presently have over 290 hours in that game – and I love science fiction. After 100 hours of playing Starbound, I came to the realization that despite their surface similarities, Starbound and Terraria have subtle and not-so-subtle differences which distinguish between the two games.Starbound focuses more on completing quests and uses procedural generation more extensively. It also is more of a survival game than Terraria is – on survival and hardcore difficulties, your character must eat to survive. While both games have exploration and combat mechanics, Starbound tends to be more focused on exploration and less on combat, as most weapons are found in chests distributed across the surfaces and caverns of planets rather than dropped by enemies.PositiveThe boss fights are enjoyable. Furthermore, after you complete the campaign, you gain access to a repeatable dungeon with a procedurally-generated boss,Building is easier in Starbound than Terraria due to the ability to place back walls without having to craft them from blocks – instead, you simply right click while holding a block to place a background wall. There are also a wide variety of block types and objects to build with, allowing the construction of interesting towns and villages.Multiplayer games are exceptionally easy to set up. Starbound supports Steam’s “join game” feature. Furthermore, the multiplayer games are very stable – I have accumulated most of my 100 hours in multiplayer, and only noticed one significant bug, namely a villager side quest which could only be accepted by one player (With the introduction of 1.3, I have noticed an uptick in the number of bugs in my multiplayer game. The bugs don't seem to be multiplayer specific and appear to be limited to a handful of players, but I thought them worthy of mention).Starbound features Steam Workshop support and a massive array of mods - over 2,600 workshop items are available for the game at present.The pixel art is good. While aesthetic is highly subjective, I find Starbound to be a better-looking game than Terraria.Starbound’s soundtrack is, to my untrained ear, quite good. It is also fairly extensive – there are several hours of music to enjoy.In the endgame, it is possible to upgrade lower tier legendary weapons (a group of weapons which were designed by hand rather than randomly generated) to tier 6, the highest tier of weapons available. If you particularly enjoy using one of the lower-tier legendary weapons, you don’t have to permanently relegate it to the shelf when more powerful equipment comes along.NegativeStarbound has some of the worst side quests I’ve ever seen, and I played the original Mass Effect. While the handful of handcrafted side quests in the game are fine, the quests given by villagers and colonists are awful. The quests are randomly generated and fall into only a handful of preset mission types. The messenger quests are especially annoying, requiring the player to carry notes between two NPCs standing 5 feet apart. The other quests aren’t quite as bad, but the lack of quest variety quickly leads to them becoming repetitive.Crewmembers seem like an afterthought. In my experience, medics and chemists give their respective bonuses so rarely when outside the ship that they are mostly only useful as combat support.Furthermore, engineers and mechanics are hilariously broken. Mechanics can increase fuel capacity infinitely, while engineers can increase fuel efficiency to the point that you can fly across the galaxy on zero fuel, behavior that was presumably unintended(fixed in update 1.3).Some of the achievements require an insane amount of grinding. The worst offender is the Destroyer of Worlds achievement, which would take tens of hours of nonstop mining to achieve legitimately.Neutral“Serviceable” is the best way to describe Starbound’s story. The game has a hackneyed “collect ancient artifacts to save the world” plot, the characters are memorable, but don’t get much character development, and the campaign consists of only 8 missions including the tutorial. This is forgivable given that the story isn’t Starbound’s focus. Ultimately, Starbound is a sandbox game, not a JRPG.The cost of randomly generating ordinary weapons is that they are far less interesting than some of the insane weapons found in Terraria. The inclusion of secondary attacks helps somewhat in differentiating between weapons, but I still found myself deciding which weapon to use by calculating DPS. Fortunately, there are a fairly large number of handcrafted legendary weapons.If you somehow didn’t like Terraria, you probably won’t enjoy Starbound. While Starbound tries to differentiate itself with its focus on questing and sci fi setting, its gameplay is like that of the game that inspired it. However, if you enjoyed Terraria and are looking for a similar game with just enough alterations to the formula to justify its existence, Starbound is the game for you."
,Recommended,211820,32414167,Posted: 14 June,all,Leeel peeep,"Starbound, short and sweet it's a great game. But here are the very long reasons why:(Paragraphs in order: Storyline, Gameplay, Graphics, Setting and mods)STORYLINEIn starbound, you play as a character of any of the six races about to graduate to a protector. This is stopped by a violent and mysterious force, which coerces you to escape in the first ship you find. As you look to repair your ship you are pulled into a rope of interesting and exciting quests to see what parts of the universe you can salvage before the same violent force rips it apart, just like it did to your home planet.PROS:Allows you to get a sandbox experience without feeling forced to do the story (there are ways to skip it)Feels complete when you're done, main story line may end, but there are always tonnes of sidequests.Easy to follow along if you don't take long breaks.CONS:Low curve, would appreciate more action spread through the scavenging of artifacts. My ideal would be adding more minibosses.GAMEPLAYAlthough it may seem daunting with all the crafting and vague mission information at first, it is not. A general idea is to get your ship furnished before doing the missions. Get some understanding of the crafting and the traveling. Generally, looking at thestarbound.wikia.comhelps you with missions and obtaining items. The gameplay can shift between serene and action filled based completely on what the player wants. The serenity and action are respectively accompanied by multiple factors such as the music or dialogue. For the calmer experience, there is farming, cooking, building spectacular monuments, fishing and looking for easter eggs and pop culture references (which are spread out very frequently). As soon as you want action, you could do some hunting, exploring or doing missions in both the main storyline and ones you find in the settlements on the planets. The quests are also rewarding, with some giving gift bags and others offering to join your crew on your ship. The boss battles in this game are exciting and suits both casual and hardcore players, depending on how fast you decide to go through the story. The combat is smooth and is changeable depending on the players choice of weapons and armour.the most important part, howeveris the free and easy multiplayer. You can play with friends through dedicated servers or through the steam overlayjoin game featurePROS:Everything is fun, there is really not a whole lot of grinding for items or currency. during mining, for instance, the game throws dungeons and new underground biomes at you to keep it interesting.Everything is a way to progress. After some calm farming you could sell the crops to progress, if you want, you can make food with the ingredients that can help you with different effects.Combat is very good and easily fits any player.CONS:Some derpy issues such as settlement guards attacking you because their houses get striked by meteors.GRAPHICS""pixely"" graphics remind many of terraria, but the graphics designers have really done well, seeing as there are so many branches of weapons and clothes from all races and all different weapons, magical, firearms, spears, chakrams, you name it. Everything is very varied and all the mobs are very visually adapted to their biomes and planets. The bosses do a good job of showing their origins and the attacks fit their visuals.PROS:Modern but nostalgicWell variedItems and furniture convey their origins and use.CONS:Not a whole lot of underwhelming weapons that allow the legendaries to stand out.They took away the feature of mobs having different colors depending on their planets to give slight notability to a seemingly average poptop or gleap.SETTINGThe setting can change depending on choice. Staying on a planet is accompanied by one of twelve songs by day and sixteen by night. Many who play this game, including me, love the music and it fits to different parts of everyday life. My personal favorite way to listen is through the title screen, but I know I should already have bought the OST on steam. In the game, during bossfights, there are nostalgic feeling battle-music that really sets you into the idea that your character is in danger.PROS:Amazing music that fits a serene or action-filled gameplay.The immersion is helped so much by music.CONS:It's hard to get around to buying a five euro soundtrack.MODSWhen you feel like you have completed everything you wish to have completed in starbound but crave more, fear not. There are hundreds of free mods to enrich your experience, post main-missions and during them. A noteable one is called  ""frackin universe"" The megamod is generally the biggest mod in all of starbound and adds dozens of new biomes and monsters along with hundreds of weapons, armors, tools, items and microdungeons. It also adds a whole new quest hub and a massive eldritch dungeon to explore. There are also things to help you collect things  you would normally have to work a bit harder for and very much more content. It feels like an entirely new game. Oh and did I mention? the mods are free.SUMMARYAddictive game with smooth combat, interchangeable setting, easy multiplayer, cute graphics and free mods, some of which completely renew the game, to multiply the replay value tenfold. I have over two hundred (I know, casual hours) in this game and I don't plan on stopping, seeing as I have only slightly dipped my toes into the ""frackin' universe"" mod.9.5/10Would definately recommend if you are willing to get past a slightly slow early game"
,Not Recommended,211820,29448601,Posted: 23 January,all,XIX ¦ Wildcard,"EDIT: damn, top of the list... i hope this changes something.EDIT2: got sick of people misinterpreting the reference to No Man's Sky, so i removed it. sorry!1.3 edit: basically only modified the lategame, base gameplay is still mechanically brokenDon't let the negative rating fool you - I don't hate this game, I just don't like what it's become.TL;DR Loved Koala, don't like Giraffe. Generic environments with generic dungeons and towns, repetitive and boring combat, shoehorned and unengaging story gates your progress constantly.Let me start this review off with a little nostalgia from my first experiences with the game. I played - and loved - the Koala builds. Every planet was different, with different creatures and different landscapes and colours. It was nice. I didn't know what I was going into, and that was great because each experience was a new one!However, I feel the direction the game's taken is downwards. Planets are now segregated into different types, and each one has essentially the same thing to expect.A lush planet has a mine and some ruins. A forest planet has a swamp and some frogs, maybe a few Avians. A snow planet has llamas and some monkeys.This happens again and again and again, and while the terrain is varied and gives a hint of adventure to the ""exploration"", seeing the same rebel camp or monster-filled mine or generic temple over and over again gets boring, fast. Seriously, on every planet, you'll be sure to find the same thing in a different shape.This is a weakness that demonstrates itself in spades when you begin to actually explore the universe.Additionally, there's the problem of the combat system. Throughout the course of your exploration, you're constantly thrown the same preset enemy with the same preset fly-towards-you-and-do-damage-on-contact tactic. (I'm exaggerating here, but still, there is a shameless amount of monsters which simply run, hop or fly at you and deal damage as soon as they touch you.)More creatures with mechanics like the Poptop, who come at you slow but do a lot of damage when they charge, would be a lot more fun, and would make the fighting more engaging than ""this creature runs at you and mobs you until you die, kill it"".There is so much more that could be done with the system, and it shows with the complexity and variety of weaponry in the game, but the way that every monster attacks you is insultingly and unfittingly simplistic! It's also annoying to get cheap-killed on a regular basis, and degrades the gameplay significantly when it literally starts punishing you for daring to venture from your house on your starting planet.Finally, there's the problem of the story being shoehorned into everything you do. I don't know about you, but I play Starbound to build pretty things and venture out into the unknown. Unfortunately, the game forces you into the shoes of a superhero, and it constantly rubs me the wrong way.I couldn't give half a damn about the fate of the universe. I play this game to build and chill out. Maybe that's an incredibly shallow way to play a game, but it's just the way I play. Unfortunately, the way the devs have implemented the story is annoying and broken, disallowing you to actually explore, instead holding your hand like a gameplay-long tutorial level.I don't care for the story because it's inconvenient and slow to work through, gating your progress while never bothering to actually engage you outside of ""save the universe from Cthulu"".I don't think there's any more that I can say other than please, for the love of God, Chucklefish. Make the worlds more wild and varied. Add more building configurations. Make some biomes NOT spawn buildings as often - people don't need to live everywhere. Reduce the spawn rates of your preset creatures and work on the combat - it's boring and it starts to grate after a while.And, please, make the story optional. It's so painfully linear and shallow that it feels like I'm trying to read a children's book than play a game.Please make this game fun again. I'm starting to get sick of installing mods and turning off monster spawning just to have a nice time.ADDENDUM:About two weeks of experience with the game later, and my opinion hasn't changed - though I can certainly list out some good aspects of the game:BASE BUILDINGThe wide range of blocks and items, and the option to have NPCs inhabit things you create, makes for a fun and relaxing to play. My only gripe is that the interactions are far too shallow, and the radiant quests have a very, very limited range.MODDINGModding is absolutely amazing in this game, and is exactly as advertised. While confusing and frustrating occasionally, modding is incredibly flexible and often instantaneously satisfying.Also, the ability to add mods to the game to flesh out your experience is rather pleasant.Unfortunately, it's the most fun I've had with the game thus far.If something passes my mind, I'll add it to this addendum. I would have written something on the community but I currently don't know what I'd say on it."
,Recommended,211820,31763409,Posted: 14 May,all,Wiedźma Danaien,Starbound is everything that No Man's Sky isn't.
76561198087129454,Recommended,211820,18979909,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Irony Man,"My review...A few months ago, I would have written a negative review.Back then, I had stopped playing the game because I had hit a wall: I couldn't find the incredibly rare items required for the next two quests.  I had the highest level armor and weapon so powerful it could kill anything with one or two hits.  My rapid-firing high-damage assault rifle could hit birds at any range.  At that point the game had stopped being fun.  Even the extreme planets were too easy; meteor strikes were few and far between.But now?  You can start a colony.  Weapons are no longer ridiculously powerful, and the accuracy of some guns has been reduced.  Soon there will be hoverbikes.  Hoverbikes?  Hell yeah.  Colonies?  You're kidding me.Nope, not kidding.  Colonies.  Nothing like settling on a fiery planet, building a beautiful city inhabited by unique and endearing people, and watching it be obliterated by one giant meteor.  That taught me something... build underground.  So now I have my own little ragtag band of survivors, duking it out with nature.Pros:Epic gameplay, both at low and high levelsBeautiful atmosphere, covering a huge range of fantasy and science fictionCreepy undertone; there are hints everywhere that there's some greater power behind all thisBananasCons:The quests get tedious once you've gotten pretty far; it's eventually just ""get this"" and ""get that"".  Hopefully this will be fixed soon...The races could use some more differences; while it is cool that they have specific armor, weapons, and ships, it would be much more interesting if there were race-specific abilities, even if they only affected the early game.Still some balance issues with weapons, but this is much better than it used to be.This is a personal pet peeve, but I really want some more high-level bows.  After a certain point they're no longer useful, as they just don't do enough damage.  If there were more bows to go with the top-level gear, I'd be in heaven.My final rating: 9/10Great game, but not perfect.  Keep in mind, Starbound is still in Beta.  I'm sure they'll get at least some of these things fixed before the game hits 1.0.One more thing: I haven't yet explored all the game has to offer.  I'm sure there's tons more to see, and more problems too, but I haven't found any yet.EDIT: Nevermind about the bows, I just realized you can craft a Ferozium bow."
76561198084788337,Recommended,211820,24892356,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Blueranger223,"A very enjoyable game about exploration, where you can do lots of stuff, like:-Build a house/village, with the choice to have people move in.-explore the galaxy.-do countless fetch quests for villagers.-kill bad guys.-battle monsters.-be a guy who is basically a star dressed as a cowboy,-hunt.-become a superhuman through techs.-find weapons.-use said weapons.-complete the main quest.-ignore the main quest until you need to get some gear from it.-watch fish people be openly racist about plant people.-escape from earth on a ship.-farm.-mine.-have fun in general.-play multiplayer.it's like No Man's Sky but 2d and from what I hear, better!"
,Recommended,211820,24934408,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,mildly depressed,No Man's Sky ... but:- 2D- better- multiplayer
,Recommended,211820,20242553,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,neg,"I won't lie. I thought this game was going to suck.I read most of the bad reviews saying that ""Chucklefish has bad management"" and ""This is just another terraria clone.""But you know what?It doesn't.After reading most of the bad reviews, I had already removed the game from my wishlist. Until a friend of mine said I needed to get this game, me being the open-world loving exploration enthusiast that I am. So I said, and I quote, ""Yeah, whatever mate.""And I got it. And I played it. And oh god did I love it.When I play a video game, I try not to get caught up in the developer drama. There are a plethora of stories on this game page about how Chucklefish ""missed their chance"" at increasing their popularity, and how the hype ""waned out and died."" I like to look past all of that. Same with Arkham Knight, the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port that it was. I played it, I liked it, and I didn't have to get caught up in all of that developer drama. And it's the exact same with Starbound.If you look past the early access hell this game is going through, it's a really good game. It's fun to play around in, build in, and generally explore.And it would be telling a lie if I said that the whole few hundred billion or however many unique variations of planets there are fact didn't impress me.- Great music, although often repeats.- Tons of biomes on different planets to explore.- A surprisingly rich backstory, although the only way you could find this backstory is from randomly dropped codexes :(- Randomly generated temples, tombs, castles, villages, research facilities among others are always a blast to explore.- Surprisingly challenging for an open world platformer. (EDIT: That is, if you choose the normal mode.)- There is no story. Litterally. You're planet explodes, your ship is broken, you fix it, and do quests for people around an interstellar outpost. (Not a very impressive one, I might add.) (And I also imagine that Chucklefish will be expanding on the story as they go, if Starbound ever makes it out of EA.)- Randomly generated guns and swords are fun to collect. (also, the cosmetic armors are super awesome once you collect a full set.)- Easter eggs. Everywhere.In conclusion, you should get Starbound if you like exploring cool looking planets, collecting unique and fun to use items, and overall having fun killing unique monsters, looting enemy bases (and maybe a few friendly ones along the way), screwing around and decking out your space ship (Also, did I mention the ships? There are eight tiers to a ship, and once you get to your eighth tier, it's a blast decorating it.).If you play games for story, dialogue, immersion and sidequests with a lot of effort put into it, this isn't the game for you.You can listen to the bad reviews if you want, but what I'm trying to say is that it's not as bad a game as they say it is, for the reasons listed above.But overall, it's a great game, and I do recommend it.And it's not even finished yet!"
,Recommended,211820,26442938,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,🎃HauntEDGX🎃,It's like No Man's Sky and Terraria had a baby.But then No Man's Sky cheated on Terraria...Eventually that baby became awesome...And the father is in prison [architect]10/10 - CNN News.
,Recommended,211820,24455324,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,camux,"Starbound was released to kickstarters about a month after I lost my Grandfather.I did 3 things for 6 months after he died.  I took care of my kids the best I could, I cried when they went to bed, and I played Starbound.The opening music still haunts me.  I still remember how unique and crazy this game was, and even though most of that eventually got removed, I can go back to old screenshots and invoke a sense of memory, of where I was emotionally while grieving when I took them.Yeah, Starbound induced a few metric tons of negative energy in a lot of folk's lives.  Starbound is a ""toxic"" game by its own developer's description, because without the community, the people who loved it and wanted to see it succeed, there never would have been a place for any of the hate.I used to do frequent ""Starbound Adventures"" series in the forums where I'd detail all the updates.  I actually enjoyed doing that in spite of how awful Chucklefish and the Starbound community were behaving toward each other.  I got super mad, then decided one day to just dive in and play.  It was fun.Then nothing was updated for a long time, and as more nightly builds got pushed, I started seeing them remove content.  This is why I associate Starbound with Trees.My biggest distraction from tragedy came in the form of Starbound's trees.  It became an obsession, something to do feverishly while taking breaks from the swollen eyes and snot.  I collected almost 600 unique tree seeds and made an entire planet from top to bottom a farm of them.  I'm not sure how many could actually be generated, but they were all different, and it felt like I was playing this epic-level Harvest Moon as I farmed trees and food.  I can never rate this game down because the collecting and planet-hopping was some of the biggest fun I'd ever had in a videogame, period.Then they got rid of the trees.  The variety was slashed into fragments, and most of them became these dreadful brown/pastel mixes.  All of the color and imagination disappeaered.  They became background objects, the junk you ignore while you play any random SHMUP.  The farming sense faded instantly, and the wind was knocked out of me.  The one thing I was still enjoying in this game, gone.I haven't played more than 10 minutes since the last time they made the experimental build a seperate library option.  I got on, made a character, warped around, I guess they decided the trees were ""axed"".  I don't know if it was a performance decision, but I can vouch that at the time I had my huge tree farm, I had zero lag with around 2000 trees on a single planet, around 500-600 variations among them, on an old 2012 system:Radeon HD 6970 2GB graphics cardIntel Core i5-3570k8 gigs of ram, no SSD.144hz Asus 27"" 1080p.No lag ever, the game just ran beautifully, and it looked beautiful too.  Now its just drab and unappealing to me.  I'm trying to make sense of why all the color was taken out, all of that art, what a waste."
76561198009630980,Recommended,211820,23469777,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Loki,"I'm really glad I didn't listen to the negative reviews.There's a whole community of people who feel that life has let them down when it comes to Starbound. They seem to know all this history. They're certainly full of informed opinions. They've got a thousand and one reasons for you to NOT try or support or play this game. And they're quite vocal.However... from my perspective of a new player, none of that crap is important.Circa June 2016, Starbound is quite playable. Not very buggy. It progresses. There's stuff to do. Its story light like most Early Access games. There's a great platform to tell stories here. Lots of character customization. Its quite good.Don't become part of some communities trivial political agenda regarding the development of this game. Make up your own minds. Its worth a shot, and like so many things... its a matter of opinion.I like Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,32865852,Posted: 27 June,all,Shepherd,"Starbound is an Action-Adventure game that has been developed in a two-dimensional format with a procedurally generated Universe much like the games Terraria, Magicite and Deepworld. Throughout my time playing this game, both online and off, I've found that it is pleasantly familiar and yet happily separate from similar titles of the same genre, offering a diverse story and fully functioning modification support for the PC Platform.GameplayThe game itself has many items outside of its various Stories and Quests that allow a player to forge a Universe of their own making, with varying enemies, planets, explorative options and items to defeat, explore, identify and craft throughout their time in their 'World'.Multiplayeris also well-integrated and allows players to expand this Universe to others, either working together or against each other in a bid to reach The Ark and defeat the Ruin.MusicWhere do I begin? With variances included, full tracks and explorative segments there arehoursof symphonies to enjoy, relax to or run away from particularly awkward bosses all whilst praying to RNGesus. I have no qualms with the music developed for Starbound and find that each individual track fits it's given purpose and placement spectacularly well.StoryWhile short, the main Starbound quest takes the player on an adventure that I haven't found so wonderfully executed across other mediums before. With few chapters and many advancement options, these large questlines allow this short story to span an era and gives the player more than enough time to develop their Universe while following them. The player in essence, is trying to save the Universe and avenge the Fallen whilst rebuilding colonies and establishing new dominions so that life might thrive where the Ruin would seek to take it. I've played through this story multiple times now and each one seemed different from the last and yet always as great as before.PlayabilityWith both Controller and K/M support Starbound supports the Player's platform of choice. The game itself has staggering physics (as much as a 2D game can!), an intuitive combat system and a steep, yet memorable learning curve for items much like its aforementioned competitors. I found Starbound easy to 'conquer' as such and was able to successfully introduce it to several friends who still play it months later.PersonalityWhether you're working with the standard character list or some introduced via Modifications, Starbound offers the Player a chance to alter their game through the usage of different races that have different Combative and Utility abilities that can assist the player in their travels. These definitely make a difference and I fully recommend that players have some time on Easy running around to see which best fits their style!TL;DR?Starbound is a fantastic game, with beautiful graphics, music and stories. It has full modification support and allows you to bring this Universe to friends without sacrificing any of its functionality. I would fully recommend this game to any players interested in Action-Adventure games and the 2D format."
76561198165655809,Recommended,211820,26154253,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,GamerGuy,"Base Game = Ok Game pretty Fun.Base Game + Multiplayer = The best its gonna get.Base Game + Mods = Very very Fun.Base Game + Mods + Multiplayer = Prepare to become StarLord as you adventure across the cosmos doing ""a bit of both"".Base Game + Mods + Multiplayer + Free Time = Police being called to investate why you have disappeared and havent shown up to work in two weeks.10/10 Would be a suspected kidnap victim again"
,Recommended,211820,33720632,Posted: 22 July,all,X4MHD,"Suddenly it hit me.Starbound isNO MAN'S SKY(in a good way)with elements fromTerraria, Halcyon 6, Pixel PrivateersandCrashlands.A Lego-esque space odyssey, involving survival, friendship and a saving of the universe.Or just another interior decorator simulator for that itch:■ ""Build-Your-Own-Lakeside-Manor""■ ""DIY-Ikea-Iglo""■ ""Castle-Building-Club""■ ""Pyramid-Designer-Class""■ ""This-Is-What-My-Dream-Treehouse-Looks-Like""■ ""I'm a Hobo and all I need is my sleeping bag""■ ""Sleeping bag? That's so 2009! I have a camper!""■ ""My name is Jules Verne and my camper is 10k ft under the ocean""■ ""Steve Irwin had enough of swimming, making a space station with favorite animals""Anyways, I recommend this game. Easiest 200+ hrs I've ever had."
,Not Recommended,211820,11041091,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Campaigner,"Promises don't mean anything.Announced in 2012, Beta released in 2013. Officially claimed to be ""fully released"" by 2013, this game was pushed back in development because it was not properly finished. Through many updates at first, the game's difficulty was scaled down drastically, and was turned into something equally easy as Minecraft. Originally being made by the Developer's views, the game was changed drastically by community requests and incorporating user-created mods. Originally promised to have ""thick and fast"" updates, the game met a stagnant halt, only to be given a beta-beta release by the name of [Unstable]. This is where the small updates were to be shown, and for a time, they were. A very short time, at that. After a few small patches and one moderately average sized patch, stagnant development once more arrived. The crew behind the game moved out of the country over to Europe, and set up shop where everyone was close together. Surely the updates would be fast now, you'd think. The biggest update since March 2014 is that they have a small dog at the office.The game had such a booming and viral start. It was a game of promises, dreams, and a great pixel game; something incredibly rare nowadays. The game had a somewhat rocky start, being a cleverly disguised alpha instead of the stated beta release, but it was playable. Many features felt nice, and the gameplay fit well with the atmosphere and music. Then it got boring because nothing was new. Through lost promises and hilariously bad customer support on the official forums, many people believe this game is dead. It pretty much is, when the developers are spending little time developing as they once did.At first, we had developer streams. We could talk to the developers for HOURS, talking about everything down to the color of the kitchen sink. Then we had some streams of gameplay with less discussion. Then we had preorder bonuses, including some really lame things like a statue of ""you"" in the game. Then we had promises of fast updates, which has so far been a lie. It's been months since the last real update as of this post time, and there's no real sign of progress. There were people who donated HUNDREDS to this game, only to be shafted so far. By definition, as of the game's current and past iterations, this game is a scam.I still hold hopes that the developers will EVENTUALLY do something for the game's betterment, but I will definitely not expect them. It's obvious they ran with the money. If you want this game, look up youtube videos first. If it looks like something you'd want to play, then by all means buy it, but just remember that it's a buggy, unfinished game with no hope in the nearby future of completion. Other Early Access games are more likely to be fully released ten times over before this is out of the current be- I'm sorry, ALPHA release."
,Recommended,211820,34869866,Posted: 10 September,all,kalez,"As you can tell by my nearly 800 hours of play that I thoroughly enjoy this game, as does my entire family (wife and 2 kids). We all play together and start over every few months to keep things fresh and fun, usually after major updates. This game is amazing and lets you play, do, and build however and whatever you want. There is so much to do."
,Not Recommended,211820,10601903,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,it's polar polar,"Don't buy it. At least now. Devs haven't implemented even a half of cool stuff they promised. And it's already half a year since early access began. Wait for the release patiently and only then decide whether to buy the game or not.I really hope they'll make it though, but now it just doesn't seem so. If they ever finish it 100%, it won't be soon that's for sure."
,Not Recommended,211820,9881217,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,TwoBit,"I would not recommend this game at this time. Perhaps in the future.I have a few reasons for not likeing this game, but mostly they break down to the game not being fun. For instance, the 'Randomly generated monsters' that are touted as a key feature just end up making the enemeys less unique. The combat system is slow, and unrewarding.Crafting, while the game boasts 'thousands of items' and 'a deep crafting system' that crafting system is really just a menu where it shows you every thing you can make, and you have to search out what you have the materials for.And while i do like the idea of owning and decorating my own starship, and going to diffrent planets, there really is no need to, nor is there a need to return to planets you have been to before.The farming, hunting and survival mechanics spoken of are simply a food meeter that ticks down, it dose not add anything.I think what really makes this game not fun is the 'free updates' part, this game hasnt been updated in two months, while in early access, why would they update it affter release?"
,Not Recommended,211820,11043943,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Randy,This video sums up Starbound Perfectly. This video is outdated. Watch if you want. Check out the second video below.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ur7HfeDHjAMUpdated review*Chucklefish produced some content finally. I know it's hard to believe.Again this video sums it up perfectly.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4pfwMKDoQ-8In short. I still don't recommend Starbound. Really? fetching coffee for a npc? Is the best quests they can come up with? They making are making this game linear and boring. Let's not forget how long it took them to produce this low qaulity work. Modders have pretty much added all this content already for free! in way less time. These guys were paid millions. This is the best they can do?
,Not Recommended,211820,9945654,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,wwwwホホホホホハハハハハハハハ,"Starbound is a sandbox adventure game that has been hailed as a long-awaited successor to Terraria. Unfortunately, I am applying the ""sandbox"" bit very loosely.At first glance, Starbound looks exactly as you would've expected it to look like. A game about building stuff, exploring countless alien worlds and generally killing♥♥♥♥♥♥for the hell of it. While in a literal sense, all of this is true, Starbound makes it apparent that all of these aren't going to be of any use to you throughout the game, and you're not going to have any fun trying.Starbound's linear progression system is a blatant contradiction to the term ""sandbox"", and mind-numbing amounts of item/material grinding don't help either.You see, while Starbound also bases its core elements off what has made games like Minecraft and Terraria so successful, there is also a very apparent lack of actual freedom-- the very same freedom that made the aforementioned games so enjoyable.Starbound's not-so-subtle linear progression is basically landmarked for you in small steps, telling you what you have to do in order to get ahead in terms of equipment. And by landmarks, I mean boss fights when you've done everything that the game tells you to do in a particular sector --basically just an area of space where creatures and items are all locked on a particular ""level"", so to speak. The sectors themselves are essentially levels, backtracking earlier ""sectors"" being completely useless; as most materials/items you'd find there would be of no benefit for use or crafting equipment of your current tier. And let's not forget that because these landmark bosses drop items that are absolutely necessary for crafting items of a higher tier, in the flavor of some advanced crafting station.Starbound also features needlessly complicated requirements for some basic items. For example, a device that allows you to breathe in space - in a game about space! - requires you to kill a mid-game boss, hunt down midgame minerals and have a crafting station that in itself requires some irrelevant materials. And mind you, this sort of pointless grind is necessary for a great deal of practical items such as armor, weapons and other equipment. While some weapons and armor are simple to create, those particular items are usually sub-par, if not utterly useless for the sector you'd be using them on.Exploration and the gathering of resources are pointless and incredibly unenjoyable, respectively.For a game about gathering resources and exploration, Starbound is still incredibly bland in both of those aspects. Of course hunting down minerals is a must, but Starbound seems to make even that a frustratingly boring experience. (I'm not saying it's amazing in any comparable games either, but Starbound somehow makes it even worse.) And don't even bother digging deeper into a world, it's easier to just find a different world and dig for whatever resource you need there. Also keep in mind that there are certainly no unique resources on particular worlds that would be ofanyuse to you. And the only variation of equipment comes from the fact that most of it is randomly generated, with the exception of legendary or otherwise named items.Speaking of other worlds, and exploring in general, I can't say Starbound doesn't make it somewhat memorable to find some secret lab or mining complex hidden beneath the ground. But overall, these really don't help you at all in the long run. Functionally, almost all worlds are the same, they have trees, they have minerals, you should look to see if there's a structure that you could loot. If so, loot it and move onto the next world, if not, just move on. The only exceptions are asteroid fields and moons, which have no air, low gravity and more minerals. NPC villages basically exist solely for you to raid them, buy things from them and/or rest in themCombat is a slow-paced mess with unnecessary amounts of difficulty in places.On combat, Starbound is just plain bad. There's just no other way of putting it. It's arguably the most incredibly boring part of the game, either being an awkward cover-based ranged engagement or painfully monotonous melee combat, which consists of little more than ""click to swing thing"" until either your enemy dies or they knock you off a cliff and you die.Movement is teetering on 2 extremes, it's either a slow gait around your enemies with a bit of small hopping, or being knocked around at high velocity by the said enemies while completely helpless. In both cases it's extremely unenjoyable and very stiff, while some ""implants"" have since been added to remedy this terribly static combat (Such as higher jumping or quick bursts of speed), the fundamentals remain almost completely unaltered.The rewards of combat are almost completely null; regular enemies will not dropanythingaside from a few bits of currency. Bosses will give you some necessary material to progress in the game, while mini-bosses occasionally drop some form of decent weaponry. That being said, boss fights as I've had them are crouching in a spot where the boss can't hit you and attacking them until they die, because it's simply too hard to attempt to attack them head-on. When I say hard, I mean they'll just kill you in 2 hits; combine that with the fact that combat is unredeemably boring and you're set for the most unenjoyable fighting you've had in a while.The fact that healing pots (known as StimPaks) are inexcusably rare and expensive do not help this at all. While highly effective, you'll burn through whatever miniscule amount of them you have left incredibly quickly. And with the pathetically small health pool you're given, (which does not scale to the enemies you'll be up against, even with appropriate armors equipped) you have little choice but to rely on them.Now, I'm going to be forthright here so pardon my unprofessional choice of wording, but Starbound's dev team is♥♥♥♥ing incompetent.Chucklefish has done a lot to show us how hard they work to make Starbound what they promised it to be. Which to say is takingfour million dollarsof kickstarter funds, taking a long vacation after releasing their barely passable early access game, playing bloody Mario Kart instead of working on their game, and let's not forget acquiring a puppy for the office. They had promised game updates to come incredibly quickly, yet the last big update was six whole months ago. When they attempted to work with ETAs and failed, instead of taking the inevitable backlash they got and trying to improve on it, they just used it as a further excuse to not do anything.All official Chucklefish sites are heavily censored, any sort of criticism is flagged down as ""trolling"", regardless of how valid it actually is. And better yet, the devs take time out of their non-existant schedule to whine on Twitter, blaming ""trolls"" as the reason they're not getting their own work done.Chucklefish should be receiving no further support through Starbound or any other game, they're irresponsible, incompetent and show what little they care for everyone who had supported them.Feel free to disagree with me, but Starbound is a train wreck of a game. I give it a 3/10, there is enjoyment in the game, but it burns out way too fast. Linear progression in a sandbox game is downright unacceptable, grinding for items is an unnecessary meatfest, exploring nets you little reward, and combat is unreasonably hard with little health, disproportionately powerful enemies; also being painfully monotonic and boring. And it has also become quite clear that every dollar spent on Starbound is just another dollar Chucklefish is going to run away with.Starbound is a journey into the skies and beyond, and according to Starbound, the skies and beyond aren't very enjoyable.Thanks to Flashtirade for being my editor once more."
,Recommended,211820,28525506,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheSowut,It's incredible how much content the game has.There is always something to do and is especially fun when played with friends.
,Recommended,211820,31993674,Posted: 27 May,all,MALLARD-3150,"Better than No Man's sky.Now, the serious part.Starbound is a 2D adventure sandbox game. It's about exploring various planets andkilling everything on sightdoing... Well, various things on them, like:Building bases (And getting NPC's to rent them)HuntingFarmingSearching for fossilsKilling everything on sightGoing into dungeonsPlaying music with in-game instrumentsAnd many more things that can also be done with friends!The game also has procedurally generated weapons and creatures, some of them hostile and some not.But, it has its cons:The story isn't the best oneThe AI is a little dumb at timesBugs (Not the catchable in-game flying things, the errors)Also, there's a nice official wiki:http://starbounder.org/Starbound_WikiAnd here is the devblog:http://playstarbound.com/category/news/If you read all this, you deserve apenguin!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=933816953DISCLAIMER: This review should be more an informative one than a strict positive. I can't recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,211820,28213849,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Jolly Ol' Nixxy,I was promised space and I got space 10/10
,Not Recommended,211820,9748717,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Nick1101,"The devs promised daily updates... there have been maybe 4 updates since December, with little change to the actual game. While the game is considered ""Early Access"" the core part of the game - the progression -  is hardly developed. There are multiple great aspects to this game, but once you reach the tier where there is no more challenge, the game becomes boring and pointless. I can't recommend this game as the basic foundation of it is not complete. Save your $15."
,Recommended,211820,33784705,Posted: 25 July,all,SurprisingDamage,It's what No Man's Sky pretended to be.
76561198004790522,Not Recommended,211820,9734920,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Skye / Tiffan / Ley / Trixie,"I decided to update my review due to the influx of comments I have recieved on it.First the game is not worth the money you pay for it. Not by a long shot.Early game is fine, very playable, but mid/late game is extremely bare and unfinished and the game progress is very linear. There are no options when it comes to gear choices as you simply build the next tier of gear then fight the next boss.All the planets FEEL the same. You run across the surface, find a few chests, then find a NPC building, kill the mobs inside then move onto the next planet, each planet follows this same pattern. They do LOOK different, but its the FEEL i am talking about.Digging seems pointless as you can find all the ores you need above ground and the weapons you get as drops are better than the ones you can craft.Combat is fun at first but very samey. All the weapons seem the indentical. Some have a few gimmicks but there isnt much difference whatever you use.My biggest problem with this game is the lack of updates to the STABLE BUILD. There has been 2 tiny updates to the stable build since February, which added virtually zero content.The game has 2 other beta options which are the unstable build and a nightly build. The unstable build is updated once in a while, but again no sizable updates. And then there is the nightly build, which apparently gets updated nightly, but it is very broken. I have yet to see a sizable update to this either, its always just little things, like a new AI interface which is purely cosmetic and adds no content. When I did update to the nightly build I couldnt even start the game for a while.To conclude with the beta options: updates are tiny and irrelvent, they are badly broken sometimes, so you are left with the choice to play the unfinished game from febraury, or a even beta beta build which might break your game and saves everyday.So yeh, in the description they say ""UPDATES WILL COME THICK AND FAST"" but the updates have been neither thick nor fast. Buy this game at your own peril.I will also be deleting comments off this review, good or bad. If you disagree, go make your own review and dont waste your time commenting on mine."
,Recommended,211820,28832325,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,pixelrage,"Since this game attracts the Terraria crowd, here's a review about what you should expect out of this game compared to Terraria. For starters, Starbound is kind of like Terraria on steroids - it's bigger, far more involved (it actually has a quest component to it) and it's way harder.+++++++++++ Starbound vs. Terraria: Gameplay DifferencesEven on the easiest setting, Starbound plays like Terraria Hardmode from the very beginning. There's a difference between 'hard' and 'obnoxious', though, and in my opinion, this game is in the 'hard' category. You'll have to get on your feet and learn how things work, but thankfully, this is easy to do as the game will guide you with a tip every time you discover a new item or action for the first time. You really appreciate every item you find, because you're going to be very weak for a long time in the beginning, and your first desire will be to get rid of that crappy starter weapon.If you've already played Terraria, you'll know how to jump right in to Starbound. The game mechanics are practically identical when it comes to mining, taking items, building houses and fighting enemies. It's bascially ""another take on Terraria,"" as you'll see very quickly. Terraria's controls are simply better - jumping and curving in mid-air to reach a narrow platform is frustrating in this game, and you'll have to get used to how its ""gravity"" works, as it is far more unforgiving. Couple that with the fact that you'll get seriously hurt (or killed) from falling.Starbound has a bigger emphasis on food than Terraria. Food seemed nearly worthless after awhile in Terraria (except for pumpkin pies), but it is a necessity here -- especially on the harder tier, where you'll starve to death...this doesn't happen in the easiest mode, though. You'll start off finding and knowing about basic food, but different recipes will unlock as you discover other ingredients and make new items. Food not only increases health, but gives perks and stat boosts as well. Even on the easiest setting, food rots if you hold on to it for too long.+++++++++++ Starbound vs. Terraria: CombatCombat is highly simplistic in Starbound, it is nothing more than hack & slash for the most part. Some monsters attack by nature, some don't, but the majority of them will simply chase you down and slam into you when attacked, making combat predictable in this game.Unlike Terraria, you'll be able to access guns and other exotic items pretty quickly and not far after getting started, rather than in Terraria where you have to complete a good portion of the game to unlock certain NPCs. For the most part - one handed swords swing quicky and allow you to use a shield in the other hand, but they are weak and will require many 'hits' to kill an enemy. Two-handed swords are slow, but do far more damange than a one-handed. Other weapons like axes and hammers require you to pull back the weapon with your mouse, and release to swing. Guns allow ranged attacks but are extremely weak and will require many shots to take an enemy down, but will allow you to do it from a safe distance. In the beginning, you'll want to stay far, far away from any enemy that has a gun - especially if it's a sniper rifle.+++++++++++ Starbound vs. Terraria: Look & FeelStarbound has the look and feel of an early 90s PC or SNES game, kind of like something made by Ocean or Sierra, as opposed to Terraria's more pixellated NES feel. Starbound's music is more predictable and uniform - lots of quiet, soothing piano music.Starbound's ""monsters"" look like Pokemon rejects, which kind of gave the game its own characteristic. I personally like the huge range, style and diversity of Terraria's creatures way more. Landscapes are far more detailed then Terraria, especially backdrops, trees and other elements. Trees fall sideways when cut, and you'll be surprised when you see your first landslide when you're mining underground and hit a ceiling with loose rock or slime. This game has the same ""biome"" style regions as Terraria, where you'll venture from a forest to a jungle, or from a cavern to a slime pit, and eventually down to magma. From experience, it looks like digging too far down will result in an long drop that leads directly to an infinite ocean of lava - be careful when you're digging a Starbound ""hellevator"" as you won't get the same results as you did in Terraria...Terraria's building mechanic is more involved and intricate than Starbound for the simple reason of hammers: they allowed you to hit blocks into ""angles"" and make tons of different and unique designs, corners and slopes in Terraria. No such thing exists in Starbound, where you can only place items in square blocks. However, Starbound's graphics are more detailed and beautiful, and you'll still be able to create great looking structures. There's no ""corruption"" or ""crimson"" style event that you'll have to worry about in Starbound, so, create what you want and don't worry about what will happen to it mid-way through the game.For the most part, you take take or steal almost everything you see in Starbound, just like you can in Terraria, except on missions (for example, your first real mission, The Outpost, where all of the chairs/beds/consoles/etc are locked down and immobile). For items that you can't craft, you may come across blueprints which are one-use items that instantly add the item to your list of craftables, one you have the necessary tool to do so.When it comes to crafting, everything works pretty much the same between the two games. Craft a workbench-style item and it will allow you to create new items. In Starbound, you can upgrade these existing tool stations with specific materials to make better items. You'll find that in order to do this, better ore from outside your solar system is necessary.Negatives: you can't pause the game (WHY?!)+++++++++++ Starbound vs. Terraria: My Favorite ThingsThere are a few things that set Starbound from Terraria in my mind - the game's universe seems bigger and more ""involved,"" because it simply is...you're no longer standed on a single game world of small/medium/large that's created from the main menu, but an entire 'universe' is created for you when you first start a Starbound quest. You'll get your own space ship, which can be decorated like a house, and will take you around the solar system without costing you any fuel. To see how big the game world is, zoom out of the solar system and take a look at the universe to see the other star systems and the planets in them. It's an exciting thing to figure out on your first playthrough.The game has objectives and a questline for you to go through, which makes the game interesting rather than Terraria's ""grind and get more powerful"", which becomes stale through time. While there are plenty of boilerplate ""fetch"" quests in Starbound, they'll force you to check out locations you haven't seen yet.I actually like the increase in difficulty that Starbound has vs. Terraria - it's easy to adjust to, and it makes you appreciate the simpler things more. Getting a better weapon is a gigantic milestone in this game, since they are far more difficult to find than in Terraria, and random chests don't usually mean uber weapons are in them...but, mediocre ones, or weapons that are only marginally better at one thing, but worse at another (damage vs. speed). You won't be crafting better weapons and armor for quite awhile - at least, until you get the courage to leave the solar system - so, you'll spend a lot of time mining and looking for abandoned outposts.Overall, if you loved Terraria but got tired of it, you won't want to miss this one - it's a bigger 'take' on Terraria with a lot of bonuses that keep the game interesting."
,Recommended,211820,32623530,Posted: 21 June,all,Nik8830,"Starbound, one of the best games i have ever played. But why?This game is just beautiful, story is amazing, the art style is amazing, soundtrack is even more amazing.The fighting mechanics is pretty good, workshop mods are really helpfull, and the variety of weapons just amazes me.Already finished the campaign and still have a lot of things to do in the game.The new update just changed the game a lot, and now i have even more things to do.But, nothing is perfect. The game have a bit of optimization problems, not a big deal.Playing with friends it's really fun, but without a good upload speed it's terrible but playable.And that's all, the game just amazes me, and definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,211820,24577675,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Shadowray,"*TL;DR at the bottom*Look at the most popular reviews for Starbound and 90% of them are negative even though the overall review is 89% positive. While many of these negative reviews do address issues with the game, I do not think they are giving Starbound enough credit.""Starbound is space Terraria""I do not think it is fair to compare Starbound and Terraria. Yes they are both 16-bit adventure/sandbox games, but each plays very differently. Terraria is more about the gameplay and having fun. Starbound is about the experience. This game throws you into a universe and gives your character a story. Each game is fun in its own way. (On a side note I actually like the combat in Starbound a bit better. Terraria's combat is too ""arcadey"" for me, but that is the appeal of the game for some people).""Progression is too fast""I got this game years ago when trying to progress through the game was like trying to swim through maple syrup while handcuffed. I would spend hours looking for enough fuel to jump to the next solar system. Now many people feel that progression is too easy. There is a fine balance between too fast and too slow and it is hard for developers to get it right the first time.""Interesting things have been removed""I agree with this to some extent. A while ago there was an update to starbound that added new food and farming mechanics but removed hunger. I was sad because I really liked hunger, but they added hunger back. The devs can always add back old things if they feel like the game needs it. Sure, a lot of cool content was removed, but does anyone mention all of the cool content that was added? Ship upgrading, the outpost, new combat mechanics, etc. Yeah some cool things have been removed, but far more ccol things have been added. Most importantly there is something called modding. If you want temperature back, someone has made a mod for it. Chucklefish has a vision for their game. They felt like Starbound did not need temperature, so they removed it. If you like temperature and feel like it would make the game better, you can add it. Modding is not meant to fix the game, but it can enhance it or alter it towards your specific tastes.----------------------------------------------------------------In the end I think people are more vocal about what is wrong with the game than what is right, and Starbound doesn't deserve that. Does anyone mention the amazing soundtrack or solid 16-bit graphics? Very few. Yes the game needs critizism, every game does. That is what allows a game to become better. Just remember that this game can be a great experience if you don't just focus on the bad.TL;DRThis game has issues but it also has many great things to offer. Look at more than just the negative reviews and you will find an amazing game.*Edited to clarify my comments about modding."
76561198012825255,Not Recommended,211820,24550899,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Judge Cudge,"This game ended up being surprisingly stale, they cut a massive amount of functioning content that made the game more entertaining, leaving the game with little to stand on compared to it's predecessor or other games in it's genre.-The weapons are overbalanced and stratified (Magic is a joke, swords can attack in a combo but they get a huge delay afterwards if you do, all melee weapons are around the same level of slow etc.)-All the interesting flying and movement options are removed, the morphball is the only surviving relic of this stuff, but its useless and is never necessary out of dungeons, and because it lacks any special abilities all you do is move through tiny holes with it. Like how hard would it have been to make it drop a little energy bomb to solve switch puzzles or something?-The main questline requires you just running through same styled planets and clicking on furniture until you luck out enough to be able to play a dungeon. This could happen on your first try, or only be possible after around 5 hours of gameplay going through towns and planets per quest.The worst part of this is, the game USED to have interesting and fun content, there used to be more than one reason to go to a moon, there used to be fun flying techs and movement modifications. Weapons used to attack in reasonably diverse ways, and actually good ones used to exist. But all this functional and fun stuff that people enjoyed from early access was taken out.The only reason I could see, seeing as how all the stuff worked and was finished, is that they wanted these things to ""fit"" in the game. Like they wanted the morph ball to be useful, so they designed dungeons and levels with holes small enough to require it. But if say, someone had a jetpack, then any dungeon with a jumping puzzle would be trivialized. Thing is, they still have jumping techs in the game, because the ""meat"" of the game is still exploration, so you still can cheat at jumping puzzles, just not to the same extent. So in addition to failing there, this also means that you will never really be able to explore as easily as you want to, because the ""meat"" of the game is crippled by the devs inability to work around flight mechanics when designing pointless single item drop puzzle rooms.This game's skeleton is still a metroidvania, and do you know what metroidvania's AREN'T beloved for, platforming and balanced combat. Few people played Castlevania Symphony of the Night and then commented ""Wow I hate the crissaegrim, magic, and being a bat, climbing this tower while fighting the 800 medusa heads that spawned should have been WAY more tedious for me.""The changes made seem to reflect the dev's desire to make the game feel ""whole"" on release, no loose or frayed ends, and with mechanics at least ""loosely"" fitting in with what they've done, but the aspects of the gameplay they sought to preserve by removing content are the least palatable parts of the game, and now were stuck in a crippled snoozefest.In summary, the devs goofed with their decisionmaking and the game has suffered for it.Its a space game, throw in black hole guns, giant orbital beam cannons, jetpacks, lazer swords that can attack rapidly and in huge arcs, put in nukes that can unexist whole planets, either yielding huge mineral rewards or releashing eldritch terrors I need to fight with my ship. Throw in short range blink teleportation that doesnt suck. Make light not be an Issue for god sakes, I know the monster hunter logic of ""the more we cripple the player the more mechanics we can have to uncripple them"" and that makes sense for that game, but were in space for christ's sake, ALL suits would have A light on them, and there's enough other things going on that this wouldn't be missed. Put in high gravity planets, put in planets with poisonous food so you need to stock up. Throw in floating sky cities that hover on high density gas planets(real scientific possibilty for venus colonization). Or at the very least just put BACK in some of the fun that was removed.The game as it stands is you double jumping around samey rocks while swinging a sword one time a second and clicking alien pots to get to the next dungeon. All other content is either nigh pointless or removed, and what's left is boring.PS: This is reposted from a community discussion."
76561198046332186,Recommended,211820,17875648,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Miekka,"I have really enjoyed playing this game with my friends and family for 1000+ hours. It’s easy enough that my 5 year old son could understand the controls and play for hours. I like being able to play LAN with my with my family or on a private server with friends.The variety of planets, items, building materials and monsters is great. I do like all the updates the game developers have made. I wish there was more mission and story content but the developers are working on it. I'll have to wait till end of game development till I can truly evaluate the content amount.My favorite thing to do in this game is play with my young son and help him build houses, go looking for ""buried"" treasures and fight monsters. I think this is a great game for young families.What more could a little kid want, then roaming a galaxy is his spaceship, finding treasure and fighting bad guys."
,Recommended,211820,32396709,Posted: 13 June,all,Satan Claus,"This Is My First Proper Review On SteamGoing into this i was not a huge fan of sandbox style indie games but this has blown me away. I dont usually review games but that doesn't mean i cant share my experience and opinions  with everyone. I hope this review is an eye opener and helps in understanding the game alittle better.Firstly, lets talk about the game. Starbound is a 2D extraterrestrial sandbox adventure game developed by Chucklefish.Take on the role of a character who’s just fled their home planet, only to crash-land on another. You’ll embark on a quest to survive, discover, explore and fight your way across an infinite universe.Lets Discuss The Positives NowHuge universe to explore basically a 2D no mans sky(this one is actually a game).Tons of crafting recipes,blocks and weapons.Simple Controls easy to pick up and get used to.Story Mission and quests to keep you entertained on your journey through space,Creative and well designed boss battles which are abit challenging but that adds to the fun.Gameplay even after main story mission.Amazing community who are kind and helpful.Character customization is brilliant and gives a wide variety of cosmetics to the player base.Moddable- which is always a good thing it kills boredem after you have completed the game.Simple Combat System- Keep in mind this is not a fighting game it is meant to be an exploration game.Multiplayer- Over 20 people can join your server.Design- Everything is well colored and presented its pure eyecandy.Music- Very Calm And Soothing!Negatives nowI wasn't able to find huge flaws in the game but did come across some things i find annoying. Usually it was by chance but they were never frequent enough to ruin my gameplay. Every game has its cons StarBound is on the lighter side.Quests get repeatative and boring.Very hard to fight boss battles without friends, It requires alot of progress and items to solo one.Minor Bugs- Sometimes the planet has invisible walls and theres nothing beyond them.Barely any ingame tutorials on how to upgrade,craft and locate items.Some of the achievments require a very very very long time to get.Glitches are a thing in this game and its annoying.My ConclusionI say that StarBound is a fun time with friends. Theres alot of stuff to do its never boring. I also feel the need to address that StarBound is not a Terraria in space. I have played them both. The feel of StarBound is completely different and even after the main story theres alot of quests and upgrading to do.However, I'd say the most important tip is to not focus on the game's ""story"". You have to do a few of the story quests to be able to leave your starting system, but past that, don't worry too much about it. Let yourself get sucked into the game and get distracted doing whatever interests you.Moreover, Starbound is a game suited for people that like to build, explore and create their own little adventures. If you take the time to enjoy its univers and all the different concepts it has to offer, then you'll get a plesant and enjoyable experience.Lastly, I will like to reccomend StarBound for anyone who enjoys exploration games as this is not a bad one. This review is my opinion you can have your own towards the game. I was never into these types of games and became truely addicted. I just had to write a massive reivew. Price wise the game in not very expensive as recent games cost alot compared to this. If you plan on trying the game pick it up on sale or even get a 4-pack to give out to friends like i did. I'd say StarBound is a great time with friends and most negative reviews are years old when the game was in early access.A 8/10 fun,simple and easy to pick and play.#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorSatan Claus"
,Not Recommended,211820,24698856,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,The Tickler,"I liked this game back when it first came out on steam. When 1.0 came out, I figured I might enjoy it again. That wasn't the case. A lot of content was cut and even exploration feels much more bland and stale.-Temperature system has been removed. This was one of the nice features back during the beta. Most clothing had function (Snow Infantry set was very useful) and it felt very relaxing sitting by a fire on a snow planet so you could warm up.-Sectors have been removed. You used to only be limited in exploration by the temperature system and how warm or cool you could get. A forest planet in a sector would be just as dangerous as a lava planet on that same sector, and you would find the same resources on every planet in that sector until you moved on to the next one. This was a favorite feature of mine and really enhanced exploration because there was just as much incentive to going to the forest planet as the lava planet.-Most techs are gone. I remember all the vehicle and flying techs, and how you'd have to find them to actually use them. Now that I can't use my bubble tech, I have to build giant pillars to get on avian pirate ships. And this isn't all, there was also a mech and some other vehicles. The only surviving tech vehicle is the boat, only now you have to waste pixels buying it instead of being incentivized to explore to find it.-Randomly generated monsters and weapons have been removed. I enjoyed this because it added to exploration and had you wondering what kind of creatures and crazy weapons you'd find on a planet you'd land on. Every creature was unique and every weapon was unique, down to the name and function. This also added a lot of fun to exploration because of course, you wouldn't know what you're going to find.-Story isn't that great. I honestly had more fun back when you'd build the bosses yourself in order to advance to the next sector and unlock more equipment and crafting tables. I thought the beginning of the story was fine, but the rest felt repetative and boring. ""Find a ________ settlement and scan objects"" gets very annoying and I tend to just drift away from the story altogether. I have yet to face the final boss because of this.-Plenty of weapons and armor have been cut, and I don't mean the randomized ones you used to find on planets. I mean weapons and armor you crafted at tables. Copper and gold almost seem to have no use anymore, and I quite enjoyed those armors, as bad as they were, and copper armor and weapons were easily obtained in the early game, allowing you to take on more dangerous things. It felt like I was legitimately getting stronger and every ore had a use. Almost any type of weapon could be made from any type of ore. Feel like making daggers? No problem. Spears? Yep. Instead now, there are too few craftable armors and weapons, and it seems ores have gotten even more scarce.-Further cuts include certain dungeons (USCM bases are a prime example), and you can no longer attack NPCs unless you break all their stuff. If I want to be a murderous psychopath and purge xenos, just let me do it please. On top of all that, there's little reason to go to moons or asteroids anymore. Asteroids would be one of the most dangerous biomes in the game with the best resources, but now there's pretty much nothing.I will repeat, I LOVED this game in 2013. Telling people to mod it in is no excuse and it's the wrong mentality to show to developers.I'll change my opinion if some of the good features are added back into the game or some of the many promises Chucklefish made are implemented. Starbound simply feels like half the game it was when it first came out on Early Access."
,Recommended,211820,28648086,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,E.E. (Peary),"I dig this game way way more than Terraria.There's just way more roleplaying potential to a game where you explore the endless Universe, as opposed to a game where you go right or left.I just want to manspread my Galactic Empire.But fine i'll specify the finer points that tip the scales for me:- Artstyle is less chibi and more ""visible"". I know that sounds like not much of a differrence in a pixel game, but it's going to have a much bigger merit after hours of gameplay.- Size scaling. Everything in Starbound is visible and more up close, whereas Terraria seems ""tiny"" with a lot of ""wasted"" space. I don't know if Terra scales with monitors, but either way.- The flashlight. Sounds silly, but it makes exploring caves in Starbound much more fun. You no longer have to spend most of earlygame on putting torches around.- Varied races, but that's a given.- Varied worlds, but that's a given.- The main building tool in Starbound is much more convenient and versatile. But that might be a negative point for people who prefer heavier roleplaying.- Workshop- Weapons and animations are much better in my opinion. There is absolutely no stiffness to attacks.- Building is much better as well, you can freely choose between using the same material for either the foreground or the background. Not only more realistic, but more convenient as well.- The Starship HUB.Look at that. Points."
,Recommended,211820,35000669,Posted: 16 September,all,wilson,"The game has lots of stars to bound. The universe is also infinite so it's very realistic.Pros:+It's like Terraria (but in space! and a focus on exploration instead of murdering giant eyeballs).+Randomly Generated Weapons that work!+Randomly Generated Animals that won't give you nightmares!+Go literally anywhere in the universe!+Multiple races to choose from! Be a monkey! A fish! A literal star!+It's No Man's Sky, but 2D (and better and with friends)!Cons:-It's 2D if you're one of those people.-Nevermind, it also has a giant eyeball.-My friends lied and said they'd play this game with me but they didn't. Not a con for the game but i need better friends.10/10 would bound stars again (preferrably with friends who don't bamboozle you)"
,Not Recommended,211820,11041435,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Secretsquirrel,The devs pretty much took the money and ran. Do not buy this game until they can get their collective heads out of their♥♥♥♥♥and fulfill their promise.
,Not Recommended,211820,10990472,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Milk Bubble Tea,They got their money and completely gave up on completing it. I regret giving them my money.
76561197995358785,Not Recommended,211820,10366310,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,nespalir,"Not recommended. But it has potential, so it may – possibly – be good once it's finished.The biggest reasons why you shouldn't get it yet:– It's pretty boring. Yeah yeah, some fanboys say they've invested 500 hours into Starbound, but unless you're also a fanboy, you'll probably run out of interesting things to do pretty fast.– There is a pretty high risk that your worlds and/or characters will be wiped or corrupted in software updates, which is pretty disencouraging for investing time and effort into this game.There are some troubling aspects about Starbound. Some of those things have to do with the failed promises of the developer. Around 6 months after it was released as Early Access, it's still basically in alpha, and who knows when it's going to be released? With few major updates, it's also hard to know if the game is on the right track. Put simply, I don't think we should reward developers who can't live up to their promises.But I also have some deeper concerns about the concept of Starbound itself. Starbound is basically Terraria in space, and one reason it's taking so long to finish is because it's so damn ambitious. An endless amount of planets with lots of various biodomes, what's not to like? Even in the Early Access, there's a lot of variety, but unfortunately it seems to be rather superficial. And that is the problem: that despite the massive amount of content, most of it may ultimately feel rather generic and not especially meaningful. In other words, my concern is about quantity vs. quality. And furthermore, why invest time in building stuff on a planet, if you're going to move on to other planets anyways? As a result of these things, both exploration and building are hurt – arguably two of most fun things do to in games of this genre.Can they solve this, and create both quantity AND quality? I.e. create a good game? It should definitely be possible, but we can't know until they've gotten further into the development. As of now, they haven't solved it."
,Recommended,211820,29768405,Posted: 7 February,all,gia,"Absolutely fun and lovely game. Very addictive and a lot of fun to play with friends. The soundtrack is amazing as well. The only real gripe I have with Starbound is that there aren't racial traits that effect gameplay. You would think with all these amazing different races to choose from, and the background they've given to them, there would have been special traits/abilities given to them that would add a bit more depth to gameplay."
76561198088415097,Not Recommended,211820,11026993,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,EvilDead2Rules,Terraria without any sense of worldbuilding or fun.
,Not Recommended,211820,11023237,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,PRESS THE YE BUTTON,"Although its fun at first, it get old quick. If i sat here and said "" im not getting up until they update the game."" id probably lose most of the muscles required to walk."
76561198240494028,Recommended,211820,29791187,Posted: 8 February,all,Ruffles,"A lot of people think that this game is a terraria clone. It's quite different though. Terraria is more spelunking based while Starbound is much more atmospheric and surface exploration based, and storylined. I recommend both though."
,Recommended,211820,28462712,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Yolo Swaggins,"9/10Starbound is a procedurally generated universe where you can plunder endless amounts of dungeons, build colonies, and mod the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. It's a cute indie with co-operative multiplayer which makes up for its unassuming appearance with the sheer amount of content the developer provides, supports and continues to shell out.Both the pixel art and soundtrack are both easy on your senses, creating an immersive atmosphere and inspiring ambience for late night galactic voyages. Especially fun if you have some friends who want to build a settlement or tag along for an adventure. Prepare for a time-sink."
76561197984672943,Not Recommended,211820,11009266,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lokain,"Please.. please.. please for the love of glob don’t buy this game.This is another example of early access done badly, first of I was initially patient for the updates when I bought this. I mean I enjoyed the game but the lag was killing me, each time I entered a dungeon my framerate drops to the 10s and 20s and was either not fun or just unplayable.I asked a couple of times when will the game be stable I mean honestly never cared for the fluff like new items or biomes I just would like the game to be more stable. Those posts got ignored.So okay fine I’ll wait they did promise faster updates.. 3 months more or less and we didn’t get a stable update not one just broken builds not meant to be played. So I wondered what the hell happened.I checked the forums and apparently I wasn’t the only one worried and people voicing concern or resentment for what’s happening are getting banned. They apparently don’t take well to criticism and will ban anybody on whim.So yeah, unless you’re willing to play through this broken shell of a promising game spend that $14.99. But I hope you don’t because this is (for me) the worst Early Access Title I bought and I bought a few. Just wait and spend that $14.99 and buy a complete game and wait for this one to come out, from the looks of it that will be a couple of years or more."
76561198006680017,Not Recommended,211820,9561086,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Puba,"Great game...but not nearly enough content to Purchase it and make it worth it. The site said constant updates...yet its been over a month when they promised the updates would come sooner. I honestly believe games like this should no longer be held up by customers, and instead should NEVER be released half finished. DONT throw money at the game....as it stands , its short, bland. Dont get me wrong...its cool so far...but not nearly enough to be paying for itPosted: Mar 19 @ 12:14pm"
,Recommended,211820,26610277,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Fehlnir,"I got 400+ hours out of a game I paid less than 15 dollars for, I've played it since Early Access, I have had my character wiped 4 times, If that is any indication on how long I've owned it. The game has a feel that not many other games have, the music is similar to the music of Morrowind, the weapons/combat remind me of Castlevania and the abilities are like the ones you get in Metroid or Mega Man. There is an endless galaxy to explore, a character to customize from various races, colonies to build, quests to complete, crops to grow, a ship to enhance and customize and monsters to capture. I think it is very worth the price. Oh, right. Hoverbikes.Edit: I didn't receive the game for free, I have no idea why it says that or how to remove it.Also, the modding community is extremely active and is on Steam Workshop/ Nexus Mods. I highly recommend Frackin' Universe and the XS Mech Mod. There are also mods that add in races and their communities/colonies which are really well done too."
76561198043610383,Recommended,211820,31764855,Posted: 15 May,all,thegreatpie,"Maybe it's that I'm a sucker for pixel art, or that I seem to really love block-structured sandbox games, or I'm always taken with whimsical worlds, or that a wide variety of aesthetic items make me inscrutably happy as I decorate and rearange for hours, or that I appreciate fine details like every race's personality, speech pattern, story, and individual thoughts on every item, but there's a reason that I've put so many hours into this game.If you like Terraria, this is Terraria - in space. I personally like it a little better just due to how infinitely expansive it is, among other things, but they are different enough that I still will play both. If you like survival, saving the universe, and gigantic mod communities, this is the perfect pick. Usually if Starbound is missing something, a mod will have that covered. Even if what it's ""missing"" are more hilarious sound effects, a gazillion Castlevania items, or changing the ship AI to the king of Hyrule from the animated series."
,Recommended,211820,33917368,Posted: 30 July,all,Mulan but every S is emphasized,"Few things to note here1. If ANYONE tries to tell you the game is tedious and boring, then they're dead wrong. Not only are the possibilities quite literally endless, but the addition of mods, which are easy to download and easier to make, make it even more worth experiencing for yourself.2. I've recommended this game to any person I've met who was bummed about No Man's 'Lies'. Each one has come back with positive feedback, so once again, I'll say it - if No Man's Sky burned you out, try this one out for size.3. The game is only a few hundred megabytes big, meaning even when you desperately need storage space, this can stay safely in your library. And for such a huge game, such a small download size is a blessing.4. I've played every single build, from pre-alpha to stable now. While I agree with some that the old game had a few more interesting concepts, Stable has definitely kept a lot of secrets I still haven't discovered, and what makes it better is the sometimes long-awaited updates which always add a hell of a lot more.5. This game is NOT for anyone looking for 'space terraria'. While the 2D pixellated graphics are similar, this game has a much more in-depth combat, weapon and crafting system, as well as a lot more in terms of building houses for NPC's, which in this are called 'Colonies'.And finally -My verdict on this game ,if I had to give it any number, is 9/10. Solid gameplay, interesting background lore, a very cool colonist feature and more  keep me coming back for more, not to mention the dedicated modders who are always working to give us a better experiene. My only gripes are that monsters are somewhat repetitive, the game can feel grind-y at times, and the damage ratios can sometimes be ridiculous (I.E. my end-game sword won't kill an early game monster with one hit)."
76561198049851062,Not Recommended,211820,11043184,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,bloodeyee,"Had so much potential, but now that the updates stopped and the stage 1 bata is clearly here to stay, the attraction of the game is quickly diminished after 20 hours of game play, and everything has been done 5 times over."
76561198135252387,Not Recommended,211820,21440959,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,edflerchinger,"I loved Starbound. Played for hours and hours. Then. Then game changed. There used to be beta, gamma and delta sector. The planets were fun to mine down into. There were outfits to find bird people to kill, apes to kill. Now...I like the missions they give a little bit of fun. I really don't like that the pickaxe is now so darned breakable. I don't like the way the biomes and different segments of the planets are set up. It isn't nearly as fun to mine the planets. I miss my planet that I was making into a really cool house and having rainbow, crystal, mushroom, flesh, etc rooms with all the blueprints and such that I was finding. I had planted the whole surface in different trees that I had collected. It was awesome. I didn't mind the losing it when the update happened, I would have loved making it again. But now there are no sectors, I really miss that. There are crystals in the bottom of the planet that you have to get 20 of, and then never need for anything ever again. but they are at the bottom of every planet.Mining isn't nearly as fun. digging to the core of the planet you don't discover a bunch of neat biomes. I keep trying to play the new starbound. I'll give it a Friday night every now and then, but I always end up sad, missing how it used to be. I find it to be boring now. It's no fun to go to a planet that is already lifeless to begin making a home. takes the fun out of taming my own planet. I miss the way the dungeons used to be, where you could accidentally come up on them while digging.I will probably keep trying, but please bring back the different sectors, and get rid of the stupid crystals at the bottom of the planets. make it more fun to find things. And back to repairable pickaxes.Right now I don't recommend this game. when people ask Terraria or Starbound I am forced to say Terraria."
76561198201063159,Recommended,211820,31249812,Posted: 19 April,all,luisalejandro.ahsu,"Please... just imagine your character of Terraria  has decided to go to college, you know after many adventures now he/she is ready to commit him self to learn every thing about this 2D universe and one day earn the privilege to use a Mater Manipuletor. So the the graduation day has arrived and you're going late to the ceremony, you get there and witness the octopus alien violent invation, so you grab the Mater Manipulator and flee the planet in your damaged space ship  just right on time. and now you have to explore a BIG MAP of galaxies and stars with hundreds of randomized worlds inhabited with randomized enemies, randomized allies, loot, weapons, gear, tools, shotguns, armor, blocks, furniture, and more and more. while terraria create and randomized an island, Starbound create and randomized  7 planets in one of the many other solar systems available, AND also randomizing the solar systems so you can explore hundreds of STARS with hundreds of PLANETS.I did played terraria in ps vita A LOT, and i did like it, but Starbound feels more stimulating in terms of exploration and variety of weapons and armor, loot etc."
,Not Recommended,211820,11025511,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,kdbag,"Buy this if you want to fund Chucklefish's publishing company, London offices, and world class PR team. Oh yeah also includes a 1/3 finished game that has had basically no significant progress in six months."
,Recommended,211820,29021843,Posted: 4 January,all,Ƹ̵̡Ӝ̵̨̄Ʒ,What no man's sky should had been
76561198050225810,Not Recommended,211820,9621683,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,X_Y,"As a devoted player of terraria, I say this one is not there yet. If you haven't bought terraria, buy it. If you have,  don't buy this until v1.0.Comparing to terraria, starbound has more detailed graphics, but no soul.- Randomly generated monsters means no difference between monsters. A few different parts meshed together, they behave more or less the same. Loots are nothing to expect too.- Randomly generated worlds and dungens? It's fun to have a few of them, but when you've traveled a few planets in alpha sector you know there's nothing to surprise you anymore. The materials you dig up from different bioms can't be used for anything special either.- Dungens are boring. Guards either charges towards you or shoot at you, pretty much the same everywhere. There're no challenges, from the beginning to the end the dungen is the same. What's more, there's no loot in dungens.- Digging, digging, digging, and all you dig up is ore. Nothing surprise under the earth. There're a few micro bioms, but they offer nothing special.- There's NO story what so ever. Basically, you combine random things into bosses, and beat them one by one. That's all. The villages do nothing other than looking pretty and sell you something you barely need.So basically there's no ""meaning"" in anything you do, the entire world is terribly unified in every aspect. Unless the developers reshape half of it and put loads of content, it's nothing comparing to Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,30603800,Posted: 18 March,all,Leozito,"Basically No Man's Sky if it was good-Huge Universe-Lots of villages, dungeons and all of that good stuff-Different Planets, interesting to explore-Interesting Story to add more hours to the game-The workshop mods really add to the game, fixing and adding stuff-You can invite P E N G U I N S to your crew"
,Not Recommended,211820,24491323,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Kirby teh Pink,"I'll be honest here, if you've never heard of starbound before, and you like the idea of a sci-fi sandbox survival-ish game, then you'll probably enjoy starbound. I however am giving this a thumbs down, for reasons I shall go into.Long ago, in the early access days of starbound, players glimpsed what was a relatively complete game that was clearly a framework for something greater. Something complex. Hidden behind it's grid-based construction/mining engine was a surprisingly complex universe, complete with six unique races all of which had their own history, adversities, asthetic style and personality. For once it seemed like the character's species was actually going to matter, with even the descriptions of food items hinting that different species would have to eat different food, which is a very cool idea in a survival game. This type of complexity was, for me, what set starbound apart from other games in the genre, it wasn't just a sandbox, it was it's own world with conflicting cultures and people.The earliest sign was that racial bonuses (abilities unique to what species your character was) was planned to be in the next update. These bonuses were later changed to be tied to the race's armoursets, where wearing the full set (head, torso, leggings) of a race's armour would confer it's bonus. This was apparently done for the sake of balance, and keeping each of the races equal. Sure, I thought, but to this day racial bonuses are still not part of the game.Starbound's development has been slow. Very, very slow. I was ok with this, as it was the developer's first game, and after dabbling in game dev myself I am aware that it can be a very difficult thing to do. Things were fine at first, a slow creep of new assets and features, adding more content to the world's random-gen system, etc. Everything you'd expect from an early access title.However, somewhere during development, something changed.Everyone was hype for the next big update (as updates were incredibly rare) and it'd hit, sure there was all this cool new stuff they'd shown off in screenshots, but they would always come with a number of game-breaking bugs that would severely impact gameplay, and would sometimes take months to be fixed. But the most bizarre part to me was that CF would often just cut assets entirely from the game. Items, furniture, gone. no explanation given. Just gone, and for a game about exploration, collection and building, this seemed like a very odd move.The last few updates leading up to 1.0 were the worst offenders at this. The previous diversity and characterisation of the game's six races were severely stripped away, racial weapons, and ship AI were removed for seemingly no reason, which is very strange considering the racial AI often featured in the game's devblog. This, along with the removal/altercation of several other features (the game's UI being one of them) pushed things over the line for me. I had hope, I had patience, but I look upon the finished product that is the 1.0 build currently on sale here and can't help but feel utterly disappointed.In summary, what first appeared to be a surprisingly complex twist on the survival sandbox genre was dumbed down to rush it for release. Also, the game costs $5 less now. It's nice I paid extra to experience this disappointment.There are actually a number of other issues I could go into as to why I'm giving this a thumbs down, from reckless spending to the developer's reaction to criticism, but this review is already long enough.=================================================================EDIT: Since everyone seems to comment on this. Yes, I have 1600+ hours played. This is because the early access builds had a launcher that was very easy to leave open for long periods of time, also I did actually enjoy playing the game, however, now that 1.0 has been released, many of the things I enjoyed about it have been removed, and I am doubtful they will ever be restored, hence my negative review."
,Recommended,211820,24335713,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Mystamous,I expected Terraria...What I got.-Stardew Valley-Terraria-Star Trek-More Terraria-Even more Terraria-Dark Souls? (I died so much.)
76561197978142103,Recommended,211820,28713243,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Dogmatius,"Which one is better, Terraria or Starbound..? It's hard to say as both play out very different from one another. Where Terraria's main focus is on combat, Starbound is mostly about exploring and building. So just because you liked the former, doesn't mean you like the latter and vice versa. In the end it comes down to your personal preference and what you expect from them.So what sets Starbound aside and makes it unique.. For starters it offers a huge galaxy with thousands of planets. Each one with its own different themes and the possibility of a wide variety of cities and dungeons. This can be everything from underwater metropolises to small farming villages, ruins of forgotten civilizations, creepy dungeons and hightec research labs. Even beneth a planets surface there's strange settlements and secrets to uncover as well.These places will be populated with different races and animals. There are seven playable main races who all got their own lore and backstories. This is mostly presented in the form of different codices you can gather and read (some of which are pretty hilarious). Besides that there are numerous sub-races and factions running their own agenda. Some peaceful, others not so much. It's even possible to have some of them move in and offer unique supplies or serve as guards.This combined with some beautifully hand crafted metroidvania like missions where you undertake puzzles, dodge traps and fight bosses helps make Starbound a really interesting world to explore. All in all its a very colourful and diverse univers.Starbound also allows for very different playstyles and almost everything is optional in order to progress. You can build villages or huge farms for profit, explore for resources or mine them, become self sufficient or survive by trade, do quests and gather a crew or roll as a lone wolf.. All valid options in order to survive. This also means your expected to find your own path and as such, there's very limited handholding. Which might throw some people off as there won't be a clear indicator on what to do next besides the overall objective. It's sorta like a ""create your own adventure"" story wherein the missions only serve as stretch goals.Now combat ain't as streamlined as in most games of this genre. It's more a part of a whole, rather than the main focus. Building, farming crops, questing and exploring is as much a part of Starbound as combat is. So if your looking for a hack'n'slash combat focused experience, then you'll be disappointed and proberly find the game lacking as it can seem a little simplistic.Don't get me wrong, combat in Starbound ain't bad. It's just different. For example there's no ammunition to speak of, instead every weapon draws from a commen energy pool. Also most weapons come with a special attack and the ability to dual wield them in almost any way you see fit. There's a wide variety of awesome and crazy weapons to help make it interesting like swords, spears, hammers, pistols, shotguns, sniper rifles, 'nade launches, flamethrowes, rocket launchers etc etc..Starbound is a game suited for people that like to build, explore and create their own little adventures. If you take the time to enjoy its univers and all the different concepts it has to offer, then you'll get a plesant and enjoyable experience.Closing argument and metaphor..If Terraria is like a lego technic set, where you have to follow a specific schematic in order to achieve your goal. Then Starbound is a huge box of lego blocks that requires your imagination to reach it instead. It really only comes down to what you prefer."
76561198067588634,Not Recommended,211820,11062561,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Erebus,"What can I say about starbound?It was meant to be the spiritual successor to Terraria, but I fear that at the time of writing this review it seems very much the other way around. The content is cool, but after you get past the slightly differentiated looks to a lot of it, it really is all the same.That's the issue with procedural generation; it's all new, but it's all pretty much just feature x paired with appearance y.Cool game, but I'd wait to see if it develops more. Anything else you want to know about can probably be found in the reviews below this one."
,Recommended,211820,34297366,Posted: 16 August,all,BEEP BEEB,My personal favorite on steam.-Loads of personality-Expansive worlds-Replayability-Great community-Still getting updates-100% reccomended
76561198046082068,Recommended,211820,8742218,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Naughty Nazi,This is why i'm still a virgin
76561198198556297,Recommended,211820,30893994,Posted: 1 April,all,Blip!,"Great game!Good things:-Moddable-Gameplay after main story-As far as I've seen, an Infinite universe to explore!-Decent multiplayer fetures-So much character customization and multiple fun races to choose fromBad things:-Setting up multiplayer can be confusing to some people-moons.... They are basicaly pointless..-the intro missions get REALLY old after a few characters-No racial traits :/ (I figure it's just for balancing though)So if you like a game with months of playability and an interesting story this is definatly the game for you ^-^"
76561197992944905,Not Recommended,211820,11040699,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Teldin,"Games like this are ruining the early access model.  Valve should stop letting developers release games that are left in a perpetual ""beta"" state."
,Recommended,211820,34204829,Posted: 12 August,all,Witten Da Kitten,Finnally.A game that dosent lie to you on the tralier and make you want to buy the game.A sandbox game with steam workshop *cough cough terraria cough cough*A game that stays fun for hundreds of hours *cough cough no mans sky cough cough*A game with wonderful support and a big warm communityA game that i can run on my pc lol
,Recommended,211820,23886991,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Wild rye pie,"the trailer just doesn't do it justice!!!the game is so beautiful and serene, the landscapes and the soundscape in particular.this game can be played in so many ways and forms and with 1.0 coming up i'm super hyped, here are some quick pro's and cons.pros--amazing soundscape and soundtrack-variety of playstyles eg.warrior, peace envoy, economic buisnessman, bounty hunter....you get it.-easy mode is easy-hard mode is bloody hard!-regular updates and immersed devscons--sometimes combat can be a bit laggy, but ultimatly this game is about peace and exploration, still it's annoying when you don't have much opposition.all in all it is one of my favorite games of all time!10/10"
76561198007533941,Not Recommended,211820,11108984,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Mord,"If I was asked 4 months ago whether or not I would recommend this game,  I would tell you to buy it now if you enjoy games like Terraria. But now, I can't. The game is nowhere near finished, even after all this time that the developers claimed for daily updates, yadda yadda. Progress has all but halted (in order to facilitate the company coming together in one office to be more ""efficient""). They have forgotten on who's backs they were able to get their company together to begin with. On the backs of people who supported them when they promised a game that will be their labor of love. Now it seems they just got their hype money, and are sitting back enjoying the ride. Well it shows, and thanks to this game, I will never invest in another early access game. It breeds laziness and mediocrity among developers when they can promise whatever they want and not follow through. Maybe in time this game will become something great, but given the progress so far, I highly doubt it. I have gotten my money's worth in enjoyment, but a lot of enjoyment was seeing it grow. I can't in good faith recommend anyone buying this game now in it's current state. It has promise but feels totally dead in the water, and sinking."
76561198097845563,Recommended,211820,27015418,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Umaru Jon,"its basically a 2d version of no mans sky with no spaceship piloting, but far deeper gameplay elements thats inspired by terarria and minecraft. if youre not interested in sandbox survival games as such, you can also play the game as a story driven planet exploration game with light platform and rpg elements! i been playing the game since its early beta phase, im glad to see it got out of the beta hell. this is a fantastic game for the $15 price."
76561198038252223,Not Recommended,211820,11099149,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Eldorah,"Bought it at release, Had a lot of fun playing it, and the updates was quick a good...the first couple of weeks or so, then it  just died, and now I haven't seen one update the last months that could be compared to the ones at the release.Wouldn't recommend buying it just yet, wait for the full release...now if that'll ever come, which it probably wont cause I beleive the devs took the money and ""ran""."
76561198076416802,Not Recommended,211820,22783452,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,SgtP3pp3r,"This is a game that I loved. I loved it. I was enamoured by everything that it promised, and I played and played and played back when it had been recently released into early access. Everything they promised sounded so cool, and everything the game already had was awesome. I played a very early version of it (which was still awesome) and had to deal with a few wipes, and it was reasonable. They were improving it all the time, but a lot of things were still broken, or didnt work. crashes happened, things got deleted, files were lost, but it was perfectly alright. After all, it was an early access game. So I decided, alright, I love this game. So let's wait for it to be released. And I waited... and waited... and waited...Almost three years later, it still hasnt been released.Now I am looking at what is being said of the changes that have been made in the time I have been away, and quite frankly I dont think I even want to bother with it anymore.I stop and wonder if this would have happened this way if this game hadnt been so successful on early access... and honestly I dont think it would have gone down this way. And that is the real problem.Early access allows small developers with good ideas to get the financial backing to complete their awesome and creative projects.orIt allows small developers to earn money, procrastinate, and prolong deadlines until they forget what the hell they were originally paid for.This was a ripoff. They sold me the promise of a game, and four years later it still hasnt been delivered. In fact the product that is now being offered is quite different to the original game that was sold to me. So, really, do yourself a favor and stay away from this and any early access game."
76561198178841539,Recommended,211820,28920879,Posted: 1 January,all,aWildTardAppears,"The only game I've ever played that involved desecrating tombs not for treasure, but to steal all the furniture.IKEA Tomb Raider Simulator 2016.10/10 would fight ghosts for a nice bed again."
,Not Recommended,211820,12003633,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,ᴮᶫᵒᵒᵈᵗʸᵖᵉ⁰ᵖᵒˢ,"Do not purchase, until the final release, which might be never.Chucklefish has grossed over 21+ million dollars with Starbound, and as a publishing company, they certainly are no longer indie. Their nightly build demonstrated that they have indeed accomplished nothing over the past 3 months.They have been completely disingenuous with their spending and funding of the project. Leaving their failed deadlines aside, all money pledged to the game promised that it would speed up development of the game. In fact, it has actually slowed development down, as one of their 3 coders spent time interviewing candidates for their new ""pirate game.""Instead of taking the time to actually hire the necessary personnel needed to finish their initial project in a timely manner, they instead chose to fund an entirely new game project.They are incredibly shady, as only a week ago, we found out that one of their three coders (Barwe) quit back in April, which is really huge news to keep hidden. (His twitter still said he was an employee, and their home page still lists him as an employee.) Chucklefish only came clean about it when the community really pressed them for answers. It is very likely that they had no intention of every saying anything about it.As a whole, they are very unprofessional. I'll list a short summary to make my point. One of their coders (Omni) went on a banning spree on their forums, reddit and steam page, lashing out on everyone due to ""stress."" He then made an apology post, and banned himself, claiming that he would be removing himself from the public outlet. Not three days later, he unbanned himself from their steam forum to say that a poster there was legitimately mentally handicapped. Then rebanned himself. Then, due to the massive conflict his idiocy stirred up, he unbanned himself to reply yet again, making any credence he could ever have evaporate in the wind like the promises of their unfinished mess.Molly, who is the community manager has almost zero community interaction. Often, we find out important news through Tiy, Omni, or Bart. Molly spends her time using her twitter account as a personal account, promoting ideology. As the coup de grace, their whole ""horse♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; fiasco was recently announced by her to be ""just a joke"" after a large portion of their community was banned just by being outspoken against the idea. (Which according to Molly was the point of the entire ""trolling."")Tiy, the lead developer is a very derogatory and snide individual, who belittles those who ask simple questions regarding the health of the game. Less than two weeks ago, he took to twitter in a self-proclaimed ""drugged"" state, belittling people and berating those who question their competence.All in all, I don't think these are the worst people in the world, but I would definitely say that they are easily the most unprofessional bunch of developers I've ever seen. Honestly, the biggest problem is their inexperience and lack of ability to accept criticism. The amount of cash flow they've seen has caused them to forget their humble origins, and the people who believed enough in them and their vision to part with their money on a promise.I'm sure I've missed some of their chicanery, and if you're interested, here's a bunch of helpful links that will verify all that I've said.http://pastebin.com/jAWKJnHyhttps://docs.google.com/docume...http://i.imgur.com/bajxe4L.png***The above information was written by Billy T and not my own words. While I enjoy what the game already offers, I will not recommend another Steam Early Access game which is far behind schedule and may never be finished. Many of these ""indie-devs"" need less money and more accountability."
,Not Recommended,211820,11089028,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,dimwit10⁵,One of the most sucessful early access cash grabs ive ever seen
,Recommended,211820,34940452,Posted: 13 September,all,TDG | iTrez,"Imagine if No Man's Sky was actually a good game and delivered on it's promises, then mix that with the smooth gameplay of Terraria. You get this game."
76561198162517724,Recommended,211820,28571302,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,2D-Bunnie,"A lot of people have been saying this game is like Terraria.Now, I'd like to clear up the misunderstanding here.Yes, maybe with some features, gameplay, pixel style and 2-D side scroller, it is like terria. But other than that, it doesn't FEEL like Terraria at all. In fact, it's better.Terarria fails to capture the subtle beauty of Starbound, with it's amazing sounndtract and the wonderlust that we all have for space. It's simplistic at first glance, but dives much deeper than you'd think.It has a story ark for those who like set missions and goals, and a certain path they have to follow. Explorations dominates the game, and the world of Starbound is ridden with lore. Each race is whimsical in nature, from robots being the ones the least technilogically advanced, and flower-people being the most carnivorous and ficious species alive.For those who like to let creativity soar, you can build whatvever your heart desires. From tall futuristic buildings scraping the sky, to a small wooden cavern laying behind a line of trees.And the best of all, if you'd just like to relax, you can always just grab your handy dandy manupilator module and chop some logs, or go mining and listen to the tic-tic-tic of ores ppopping out of foreground and background alike. Chill with some friends around a campfire jamming out to 12 days of christmas on your various instruments, or team up to find legendary (and curiously awesome and even more awesomely named) weopons, and battle tiny penguins who got their flippers on asault rifles and tanks.I don't think Starbound strives to be a spesific game. It doesn't strive to have an ending either. Not being able to call it quite a sandbox, I'll call it an adventure you have to play, and experiance for yourself. I can never tire of this game, and doubt I ever will. Billions of unique planets, creatures, species and collectables hover at your fingertips. All you have to do is try not to think about scary purple ghosts as you get the fuel to power your spaceship, and explores stars across the galaxy ;)Starbound is such an unique game, putting it into words is both a challenge, and an impossible feat I have attempted and failed. Just know that it is worth every penny and far more, and that it is, and always will be, one of my very favourite games.~Toodles, 2D-Bunnie"
,Not Recommended,211820,11050793,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dovafox,I do not recommend this game although it is good. The developers is having a chuckle while drinking their coffee looking at the forums people complaining about no updates. They are making progress so slow that I could've probably made a Call of Duty game right now.
76561198024957766,Not Recommended,211820,11208261,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,L.Y.M.,This game showed a lot of promise during the Kickstarter campaign but failed to deliver anything besides the most basic stuff so far and the development does not seem to go anywhere. If you really want to buy it wait until it's out of beta. I didn't and I regret my decision.
,Not Recommended,211820,11272560,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Rex,"When I originally bought this game, I thought I was buying something that'd improve on what Terraria and others did, that it'd use the ""space"" theme as a blank canvas to have plenty of randomly generated worlds for one character instead of having the two seperate. A good while from then, and as I play the game now it still feels the same. Nothing has changed. There has been plenty of talk and promises, and none of it has come to Fruition, whereas we're supplimented with filler and daily blogs like they were lets players playing their own game. What they're updating us with is nice, but I'd like to see some actual results, if you don't mind. The nighty build wans't the best idea in the world."
76561197987136946,Not Recommended,211820,29596943,Posted: 30 January,all,Will Garrett,"At this point I'm not really even sure why they give you swords or guns. I have so many shurikins, and javalins, and moltovs that I end up spending more time throwing things than your average Fed-ex employee.It took me a while to figure out why the game just wasn't working for me. I did like it to some extent, but it just didn't end up capturing me the same way something like Terraria did.First off, your base doesn't matter except for farming and building the packs that help you explore other worlds. I never had to craft a single weapon or peice of armor because I could always just buy something about as good off whatever vendor I happened to stumble across.Uprgrading your ship doesn't matter. ""So, you're saying I can spend $80,000 to put a couple more rooms in my ship instead of just spending five minutes building them on a planet somewhere? Sign me up!""The fighting is incredibly stale. And even most of the boss battles can be entirely broken by using the spike ball to stick to part of the wall where the boss can't do so much damage to you until the best opening presents itself.Actually doing the main quests is quite tedious, as it revolves around hitting world after world in hopes that this forest world or that ice world actually has the species your looking for.In the end it just felt repetitive. It felt like I was grinding for something that ultimately wouldn't be that rewarding anyway."
,Not Recommended,211820,11397306,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Chickenboy,"After years in development and over $4 million dollars later, 90% of the features have been cut and the game is being rushed out.I stopped caring long ago about this game, maybe it might be something in another few years.For now, dont waste money on it."
,Not Recommended,211820,24484862,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Roshe Nek,"Worth the wait?Promised to be released all the way back in 2013, Starbound was a prime example of ""how you DON'T do early access"" for a long time. Did it change with the release?Now, don't get me wrong. It isn't a bad game - would you expect someone to play bad game for >400 hours? But it's... shallow. It doesn't have a decent amount of content that it had, but that was cut just for the sake of cutting.Example: tech system. Bubble field that negates fall damage and lets you bounce off the surfaces; badass rocket boots; on-demand teleportation to another point of the screen; health and energy regenerators; friggin power mech suits! Sounds sweet, right? Well, if you liked this assortment of power-ups then sucks to be you: all of that was in the game, it IS in the game's files even now - but it was cut right before the 1.0. Current available tech system consists of ""lower-your-size"" skill with some variations, ""jump-higher"" skill with some variations, and ""run faster"" skill with some variations. That's all. Before i could fly from the ground all the way to the board of Avian Airship with rocket boots alone, but now? None of these new techs will give you anything similar.That applies not only to techs - there are various codex entries, weapons and entire biomes traces of which still exist in the files, but you'll never find them - unless they're reimplemented with the later update, but then you'll wonder - what's the point of ""1.0 version"" anyway?(By the way, if anyone can confirm that Uzis, Tesla Spears and Lightning Coils still can be found legitimately, i would greatly appreciate that - those were my weapons of choice for the most part of my Starbound playtime)Next point is, they promise you ""7 playable races"", That's a lie. Game has 6 playable races and 1 playable character. If you play as any of the 6 vanilla species, you'll meet a lot of towns, camps and just stray folks of your kind while exploring stars, as well as some written pieces of history. That is not the case if you are to choose Novakid. I just want to point out that saying ""they are nomad race so they don't have any settlements and/or recorded history"" ISN'T the same as making them""fully integrated into the lore!""and it ISN'T a valid reasoning to the fact that player's character is literally one and only Novakid in the entire universe.And at the same time, developers really don't like to give players a choice in small things. Not always, yes, but when it happens, it is on the edge of stupidity. Community didn't like the hotbar change to less intuitive version? Well, we will implement new one anyway, although it could be easily selectable in settings. People liked need to warm them up through fire and clothes to survive on cold planets? Aw shucks, let's have this ""craft once and forget"" system. Don't like the onboard pet that just sits here, doing absolutely nothing? Too bad, beause you HAVE to hold this useless pile of pixels on your ship instead of acquiring one if you want to. And god forbid you to build a colony without taking into account the fact that NPCs can't close the doors after walking through them - one stray monster, and entire settlement could be wiped out. It could be easily changed with a few adjustments to the script. But it isn't. Why? Beause reasons.Honestly, after looking at main features of release version (storyline, fossils, backers' items) i can't help but think that the main vector of work for 1.0 was ""Finally put in all stretch goals and be done with it already"". I may be wrong, I WANT to be wrong, but simply can't shake the feeling.Also, some of those cut codex entries implied thatstoryline will be something more than ""find six keys and kill a monster"". This and Novakids' ""implementation"" busts immersion in the game's world for me REALLY hard.But if you have some friends to fool around with, or want to roleplay as your character with complete disregard to intended atmosphere of the game, then grab Starbound. Despite all negative parts, it is still a real deal for its price/content ratio. As to me, i'll wait until there's enough mods to restore and fix what was cut and broken."
76561198058523580,Not Recommended,211820,29384465,Posted: 20 January,all,I'm King Louie,"I paid for early access as soon as a working demo was released years ago. Over the years, they added and promised a lot of exciting features. I saw a lot of potential in this game, and I still do. This game is very feature and content rich, and the art is great quality. Unfortunately, a lot of the features are pretty disappointing, and a lot of things that were promised were never added or just not executed very well. Some survival features can be completely negated, such as heat, cold, and breathable air, all that's left is the hunger mechanic which is not balanced well in my opinion. Despite all of this, I would still recommend the game, because it's very fun with friends.However, this game is very poorly optomized. I believe it's the pathfinding of enemies and NPCs that cause severe FPS drops in crowded areas of the game. Weather also drops FPS, making me think it's the way ponds appear during rain. Nothing can be done about this. I'm confident that the graphics are not causing the low FPS, a beefy GPU won't help. It requires good CPU, which is not typical for most games. It runs poorly on my desktop with a 4.2MHz processor, and it causes my laptop to overheat and shut down. This makes the game completely unplayable in some cases."
76561198095646060,Not Recommended,211820,11209714,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Marijuana Astronaut,"Like all the other reviews are saying, Starbound is a scam. There is a small and very vocal group of die-hard fans in the forums that fight for the studio, but them pushing back the release date two years and announcing work on another game is proof enough.Avoid this unless your looking for an overpriced alpha build that will never get finished."
,Recommended,211820,26212228,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,meow,"PROS:1. A ridiculous amount of planets to explore.2. Musical tools. They are great. And with the amount of them it's hard to get bored.3. The planets aren't as big as I would like them to be, but they are still big. You run around planets and you find buildings, ruins and other random stuff and events.4. Side quests you might get from NPC's on planets. They are repetitive and lack absolutely all originality, however it is still nice to have it.5. A simple fishing system.6. A few vehicles. Only the boat is useful, though.And more stuff that I probably forgot to mention.CONS:1. Story quests are really boring with no originality whatsoever. Scanning objects on different planets and then beating a boss. This is every main story quest.2. Not hardcore. I've beaten two main story boses, and went grinding for equipment. Got some legendary weapons, and then beat all of the following bosses without having a challenge at all. Even the last boss wasn't a challenge. I did not die to any boss, except one time I fell into a trap. Basically, there are no limits nor restrictions for how far you may upgrade yourself before progressing through the ""story"" the game has. I've asked myself numerous times about the point of the story quests.If you're here for story, go around this game. If you're here for the grinding experience, go ahead, it is worth it. I've had a nice time playing the game."
76561198044002497,Recommended,211820,28956884,Posted: 2 January,all,Not a Furry,Played it a little.Its pretty good.
76561198045266538,Not Recommended,211820,10878319,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Losee1,"Cash in on Terraria♥♥♥♥, wish I kept that $20 now."
,Not Recommended,211820,11140274,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,arcadianisus,"I entirely regret buying this game.I would not reccommed this game even if it goes on sale for $0.99. In fact, don't even install it if it's available for free at some point in the future. It's just that bad and the developers do not deserve to be supported for this project and how they have behaved toward their customers, and even on their own forums.I sadly purchased the game awhile ago when the project was still early in development, although you can't really call what they have been doing for the last 5 months development. For me, regardless of the progress they make or how good or bad this game turns out to be they have alienated their customers and deserve no support whatsoever.The only thing that has kept me from putting in a refund request is that I know nobody could have planned from the start to do this bad of a job. I do hope the creators of this game read all the negative comments and realize just how awful of a job they have done and hopefully make good changes in the future because of it. I personally will never buy another Chucklefish game again, at any stage... alpha, early access, beta, completed or otherwise. And not just the publisher, I will most likely avoid any future projects of the development team as well. Progress on this game has been abysmal.Starbound is THE lowest quality project on Steam I have come across. Hands down."
,Recommended,211820,32146781,Posted: 3 June,all,Whaler,"That's game is very, very beautiful. It has a lot of space for colonies, interesting buildings. A variety of armor, weapons and other things. Also, the variety of races, it's perfect! Each race speaks its own way (the manner of Novakid's speech is beautiful), each race has its own culture, one can discuss this for a long time. It is worth saying something about the story. As for me, everything begins quite trite. But the ending was pleasantly surprised, especially the speech of the Creator. And one very nice thing about which I will not say anything else. You need to see it yourself, with your own eyes.Highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,211820,11211655,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Pent,"This is a review of the current state of things.I, like everyone else, was super freaking excited for this game. I snagged it up the day early access became available. I was so excited for a game that would be terraria, only with new animations, awesome looking guns, tech, mechs, the whole nine yards! So what happened? I can't be bothered to play it for more than 30 minutes at a time, and even then, I only feel like playing once a month. Everything is there. Crafting, building, mining, fighting, even features that terraria doesn't have, like quests, NPC's that don't live with you, actually being able to aim your melee attack. Yet it still falls short. It lacks something Terraria just, has. TheITfactor. Maybe when it's done I'll change my mind, but it just feels impossible at times, and by the time it doesn't feel impossible, it's just boring. I mean, at it's current state, it's gather resources, build beacon, fight boss, build map upgrade, go to new planet, gather resources, build beacon, fight boss- You get the point. It's repetitive, it's slow, and it's just boring. I get excited every single time Terraria gets a new update. I'm not even aware of the current dev state of Starbound anymore. Again, things could change, the promised finish project sounds really great, and if you've got 15 dollars just lying around, sure, pick it up, but I just can't recommend that you buy it unless you meet those parameters.Sorry Starbound, but until you pick up the pace on your updates, and give us something worth being excited over, I think you might be a dud."
,Not Recommended,211820,10329611,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Bread Conqueror,Hasn't been updated in months10/10 would take the money and run again
,Recommended,211820,24681977,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Chris Hewson,"100% Recommend this game. You'll see as of the official 1.0 release, the majority of reviews are negative. I respectfully disagree with them. Did the devs make some shortsighted decisions while pushing the official release? They sure did. Are there things that used to be in the game that have been removed? Well yeah, you bet. Are there new mechanics that seem tedious and hold back the player, simple for the sake of holding back the player? Pretty much.But guess what? This game is still. Not. Finished.The 1.0 release isn't ""The End"" of Starbound, these devs have been with us since day one, the game has always been fun and has always been changing. Sometimes things get nerfed into oblivion, sometimes things are game-breakingly strong. It's a delicate task to balance something with so much content! AND THEY AREN'T DONE!I have faith that this game will only continue to improve, at WORST this is a rough patch and in no way do the devs deserve the amount of flak they have received these past few days. If you're a little worried about purchasing this game right now, then hold off until it's on sale or until the majority of recent reviews are positive - it's your call. But don't let all the nay-sayers scare you away, this game is phenomenal and provides many MANY hours of fun.I'm sure I'll get a lot of hate for this review but this is just the way I see it. I love Starbound through thick and thin, and I am deeply saddened that so many people turn their backs on it after being loyal for so long. The devs work hard and deserve praise, everyone makes mistakes. Now let's be positive and provide feedback, and see some changes for the better!Thank you for your time."
,Recommended,211820,30145860,Posted: 24 February,all,ＮＸＹＦ,"Pros-A huge universe, probably impossible to explore it all in a lifetime. There's a lot to explore.-Nice story.-Steam Workshop support.-Good pixel art style with a nice character creator (Which can be expanded further with mods from Steam Workshop.).-You'll sink hours into the game, not just by advancing the story, but also by upgrading your gear, building stuff etc. (Which can be expanded much further with mods.)Cons-Story progression is too linear and can sometimes be too frustrating.-Not much endgame content. You are just going to build more stuff and then that's it.-I personally don't like the ""Type the IP adress to join the multiplayer server"" thing. Something like a server browser would make the game's multiplayer much more active.Overall score:8/10It's a good game overall and worth buying."
,Not Recommended,211820,11396747,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Kitten Algorithm,"As many other players who pre-ordered Starbound, I was quite hyped and happy. ""Finally a Terraria in a sci-fi setting - just up my alley"" - I thought.The game itself has potential in many aspects (sandbox creation, roleplaying immersion etc). You get to create your own character with some basic customization - then you start on a broken spaceship and have to descend onto the planet below to gather resources to be able to continue on into the galaxy and other planets. A lot of exploration follows, but most planets are very generic and alike.Rince and repeat.Currently the gameplay and content is very limited. You will keep collecting resources like ore/wood, fighting monsters that pretty much do the same thing over and over again. The combat mechanics are pretty plain. There's not much point into making any houses on a planet with the ship being a viable storing and farm-option. The same thing repeats over several tiers until you hit the end-tier.What prompted me to not recommend this game to any one new to Starbound is the lack of updates from the developers. They've not been upfront or honest with the community and their backers - dates keep being pushed, updates not appearing for many months and a constant change of development strategies (like reworking basic core features, re-prioritizing content creation and contradicting earlier statements quite often).And there has also been a harsh censorship going on on their forums, where even people who aren't rude nor trolling - but raising valid questions and concerns are getting suspended. I shall also not mention how certain members of their staff have been rude towards the community, which is very unprofessional from a business perspective.There are many other examples of early access developers (be it indie or otherwise) that have handled their projects in a much more professional way.All in all, if the developers at Chucklefish get their thing together one beautiful day - this game might be worth investing in. Until then, do yourself a favor and do not buy this product."
76561198012883578,Not Recommended,211820,11326939,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Anders,"The game is really not worth it in its current state. Yeah sure, its fun for a few hours or days but then you realise that theres not much to do. The devs havent updated the game in almost 4 months, the planet hopping gets moretedious and boring once you realize that the only major differences are that the planets  come in 4 presets and sizes, the dirt changes and the enemies change, not much else really. Games been out  for like almost 2 years now and they have barely got anywhere. This game is a perfect example as how Early Acess can go wrong, people pour thousands of dollars into a game they think will be the best only to receive scraps or nothing at all. At the rate the games going they wont even be out of beta in the next year. Hold your money on this one, it has potential but the devs dont seem to have an plans for the game, just adding random things. Like i said before the game isnt worth it in its current form."
,Recommended,211820,25033764,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,krzo69,Played for 5 minutesAlready more content than No Man Sky
,Not Recommended,211820,17123536,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Captain Kobayashi,"It's very good, a lot of planets to explore and a lot of customisation however..There is nothing to actually do, as in there is no purpose. Nearly all the items in the game are simply decorative sprites and since you have to visit other worlds to mine rarer resources there is no real reason to build a base anywhere with them.So while you might think ""Hey I want to build a huge space fortress"" you quickly realise that it will serve no purpose and you will end up abandoning it as you travel further into space.<<<UPDATE>>>Due to the comments below I should probably state that this review is based upon the last time I properly played the game which was in late 2014 so experiences of the game may be different now due to recent patches, I recommend reading the comments attached to this review to see the changes as there seems to be some recent developments which address the problems I stated."
,Not Recommended,211820,10509273,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Yawzheek,"Let's be clear from the start - most of this review is going to be about poor business practices by Chucklefish. Having said that, the game itself isn't worth your money. The content is all extremely repetitive, and if you find yourself checking back for any reason after the initial 5-10 hours, it'll be to see if any updates have taken place. You'll be met with disappointment. Avoid leaving the launcher up when you leave the game, as that trumps up your playtime as well, and Tiy loves to run to Twitter citing higher playtimes as reasons his game must be better than it is.Now, on to why you REALLY shouldn't play this game:The company behind it, Chucklefish, is among the most unethical and dishonest companies around. They're setting themselves up to be a miniature Electronic Arts. They're just as greedy, except they produce less.They released nearly 7 months ago, and thus far have only produced two updates of questionable value, after taking in four million dollars in funding. From the moment of release it has been plagued with excuses for why development stopped, such as taking a month vacation after Steam release, then another 3-4 months so they could move a few members to London for communication purposes (which hasn't solved anything yet), to knocking off early for, ""Mario Kart"" sessions. Development remains in a state of limbo, and nobody is really sure what's going on.Luckily, they don't communicate with the Steam community either, so the ignorance is shared among their company and investors. I mean, sure, they make loads of money on the platform, but when it comes to updating the folks that supported their 7 month vacation, you have to paw through every social media site known to man to actually locate information, and when you do, it's usually about everything BUT ""Starbound."" Wondering when the next update will be? I hope not, because their site, Reddit, and Twitter - the places they direct you to for announcements - contains everything from their new office dog, to employees playing in trash cans, to excuses for ranting on Twitter, such as them being under the influence of surgical drugs following an operation, yet managing to spend the entire day on Twitter.Speaking of communication, unless it's blind praise, they don't want to hear it, and they WILL censor you. They'll claim they don't, and sure, you'll hear reports of their official websites being highly censored, and probably not think too much about it. ""Two sides to every story"" you'll tell yourself, until one of their developers comes through Reddit, Steam, and the Chucklefish forums and goes on a massive ban wave of critics, while allowing the harshest fanboys to remain, and you'll quickly learn it's true. The one responsible for the project, Tiyuri, even dedicates a significant portion of his day on Twitter calling all criticism ""trolling"" in an attempt to garner sympathy. If you head to their forums, they'll label ALL criticism - either done well or blatantly trolling - ""flamebait"" and lock it immediately... if you're lucky. Often enough, people have been banned for it, regardless of post quality.There's more, but what I'm trying to say is, no matter what goes on with this game, don't support it. We've already funded the vacations of some of the laziest, most condescending people imaginable. They make promises they can't fulfill, spend most of their free time Tweeting and blogging about wasting time between complaining about the investors critical of them, taking the development money and spending it on other publishing ventures, and generally treating those that supported them with disdain and contempt, whilst simultaneously running off to Tweet about how everyone is mean to them and they don't understand why.There are PLENTY of good indie companies out there, and Chucklefish is the exception to the rule. Give them your money instead."
,Not Recommended,211820,11113585,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Tigerhawk71,"While the core concept and ideas are great, the horrible development lifecycle and empty promises are not.It's not worth $15. I've paid less for games that are actually finished and have lasted me much longer."
,Recommended,211820,20077699,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Professor Piss,"""A delayed game is good eventually, a rushed game is bad forever"" -Shigeru MiyamotoThe original release for this game was to be December 4, 2013. A bit late, eh?Sure, Chucklefish may not have been able to deliver on time, but look at Valve's record. They weren't bashed for being late because of Valve Time.  The game is getting much better, and is almost to it's official release (2 updates until) and is really good compared to what it may have been if it released when planned.So what I am saying is that putting this game off because of the heaps of negative reviews in the ""Most Helpful"" section isn't what this game deserves.Now that I got that out of the way, let's make an actual review, shall we?Overall: It's doing what it's set out to do.When the beta first came out, it was so much different, monsters actually need to do attacks to damage you, the snow infantry armor was overpowered, and you could die of hunger, and freezing.The Novakids didn't even exist in the game.Today, that's all changed: Questing, ship upgrades, colonies, and really smooth generation of planets. This game managed to keep me interested in mining, which for some reason, Minecraft couldn't get me interested in that.This game has done exactly what it aimed to do in the first place: let people explore.Although, it is still in beta, with many additions, bosses, quests and mechanics yet to be created in the universe. (with whips being planned in the next update, upon writing this.)However, this game is not flawless; the AI is quite stupid, with pathfinding that matches an acrobat missing their inner ear, and the game making some parts of itself feel unneccessary, and the framrate dying at certain buildings made by the devs (which is being fixed).Conclusion: You should try it, sometime, at the least.So, it's an 8?"
,Not Recommended,211820,11049767,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Clive,"Waste of time and money. Maybe Chucklefish will finish this game, but probably not. With well over four million dollars in the bank you'd think there'd be a decent update in the last several months but I guess not.I'll remove this review if they ever actually get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.EDIT:My original review wasn't harsh enough, I think. This game is an utter disgrace. To spend money on it would be an insult to yourself and the entire community. From misleading advertizing to devs censoring any and all criticism they can, this is the perfect example of everything wrong with Early Access. Stay the hell away from this putrid filth of a game.However, I like to believe that things (and people) can change, so my original statement still stands. By all means, if Chucklefish gets their♥♥♥♥♥♥together, I will remove this review.EDIT 2:http://i.imgur.com/uiFdrY5.jpgIt seems Chucklefish has decided that rather than actually fulfil their promises, they'd just astroturf the Steam reviews, posting literally tens of thousands of fake positive reviews, most 1-3 lines of nonsense and a thumbs up. Starbound went from Mostly Negative to Very Positive in a span of less a month. This results in the game having ""Very Positive"" reviews despite the entire first page and beyond of Most Helpful reviews being negative. I've purchased a few bad games in my time, but Starbound is my biggest buyer's remorse. I will never get my 15$ back. ♥♥♥♥ Tiy, ♥♥♥♥ Chucklefish, and ♥♥♥♥ Starbound. Starbound is a scam, and will likely never have even a quarter of the features that were promised. Maybe if they actually worked on the ♥♥♥♥ing game instead of throwing parties and writing up positive reviews to manipulate the store page they'd actually get♥♥♥♥♥♥done.With how nasty Chucklefish have been towards any and all criticism, I expect to be banned from the forums for this review if I haven't been already. It wouldn't surprise me, and frankly, I don't care."
,Not Recommended,211820,11102725,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,cmmurray71,Finish the F***ing game please. No more early access for me. Ive been waiting for a finished product for way to long to have justified giving these guys any of my money.
,Recommended,211820,25107680,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Xograph,"Edit: added more fresh memes and minor text editsYou read the reviews of negativity, of all the old days of Starbound and old people ranting about how it used to be better back then.But if you're really new to Starbound, why should you care? You weren't there in the old days when you had to walk uphill and downhill in the snow, when the koalas were furious, and when everything was all cream and gravy.I'm not going to lie, I'm an old person too. I miss those days of temperatures being able to kill you.I miss the days of sectors and the map upgrades.I miss being able to cheese the bosses when you used their spawn items.I miss my bubble tech and my old characters.I miss when the toolbar only had one L and one R.But that's for the old people to mope about. Sure, I miss it, but that time has passed long ago. New things await ahead, and I can't complain about that. It'll never be Old Starbound, but it'll always be Starbound to me.I think if you started here, you'd find something you would enjoy. You wouldn't be dragged down by the good ol' days. You would be happy and free, like a child experiencing the world for the first time. Just sit down, relax, and try Starbound for yourself.Why let someone else tell you what the world is when you can see it for yourself?Go out there and explore Starbound. You might find something you could never imagine.There's also a race of Harambes. You can explore galaxies without pants. You can slaughter innocent people of towns you find. You can kill your friends. You can play pokemon and enslave small creatures. You can be a weeaboo fish man. You can get anime blades. You can hire hardcore penguin mercenaries to ""ice"" people. (BAHAHAHAHAHA) You can even download an absolute overabundance of mods you don't need.YOU CAN EVEN BE A PRO GENJI LIKE YOU ALWAYS DREAMED OF WITH MODS TOO HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥JUST GET THIS GAME RIGHT NOW"
,Not Recommended,211820,16762272,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Cltail,"Ironicly enough, The Developers play in trashcans.EDIT:Since My time playing it from 3 or so years ago it hasn't changed much, A half baked story, Same-y and bland planets, and boring quests, its all the same. The developers are incompetent and couldn't program a toaster without throwing out all the code 3 times.Notice how the changelog looks very impressive, but if you take a second and look at it no real gameplay has been added. Terraria is a much more compelling and rich experience and that game didn't need a million goddamn dollars. A possible Alternative to starbound is to slam your head against a wall while playing terraria, The best part about that is when (If) your concussion heals you will have an actually good game to play.An Entire Universe to explore, and yet every single planet feels the same.Water, Water, Everywhere, And yet not a drop to drink."
,Recommended,211820,8698117,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Koji,"I've played my fair share of minecraft, dabbled in terraria. this game takes the sense of exploration to a whole new level. in minecraft you have to remember your coordinates and pray you can make it back without dying unless you want to loose the whole reason you left your home to begin with. terraria you can go infinately in any direction but the problem is you will eventually need to turn back and i know ppl like myself...thats a really long treck back.starbound pretty much has given you the vehicle to your dreams. your spaceship can be your home, the universe is your sandbox. want an ice castle? build it. want a giant tree in a sea of tentacle monsters? build it. want a base at the center of the earth where only the monsters that dwell dare approach? do it man its your world(s).when you explore in this game you dont have to worry *oh man am i gonna get lost?* nope. not at all. planets loop back around giving you a sense of the finiteness of a true planet. there is a center to each planet. there are multiple biomes to each planet *though i feel the poison biome needs to back up a bit. its in every planet and the tiny pools are a pain to avoid* ive run into tentacle planets, ice planets, forrests, jungles. ive run into brain planets people, its pretty intense.mechanics? oh yeah.jumping in this game doesnt slow or speed you up but when you find a planet with low gravity it changes your perspective of movement. trust me the first time will take you for a ride. there are also things in this game called tech which of any other game would pretty much be special moves but they can open up whole new worlds for you. some techs can let you fly, some just let you move faster. some give you an awesome mechs and others give you the ability to make travel systems.fighting mechanics in this game play alot like terraria in the sense that your mouse controls where you shoot, your mouse controls the direction you face and swing and the weapons decide the type of attack you do.did i say its like terraria? oh my its such an upgrade in fighting mechanics. your weapons alone can be so many variations to speed, swing type and secondary abilities. ive played this game for a few weeks now and ive found lightning, fire, poison, knockback, explosions?! and thats just swords!! i havent even started on guns yet!guns. the backbone of range. currently there are no recepies to make guns in the game as it stands but the guns are hillariously different. your friend can find a gun that shoots bullets, pretty fast speed and all, you on the other hand may find a bazooka that shoots lazer missiles that light up the sky and explode in blue glowy goodness. each gun has the potential to have different colors to different abilities. the ammo types alone make guns rediculous. i found a gun just the other day that shot stick mines, they fire pretty fast, stuck to walls, and exploded on impact. it was rediculous.soundtrack.oh my the sound track in this game just makes you feel like you really are on an adventure. i will say that there isnt MUCH music as of yet but it is very appropriate when it does play. you get certain music at night, certain music in day. when youre underwanter the music muffles itself so you know, when youre to low in the world the music stops so you know just how deep  you are. battle music is intense, but needs more variation. considering this is only beta and they have this well orchestrated music im dying to see what they do with itnow on to dungeons.have you ever just walked around and thought *huh this place is pretty barren, i feel like the only person on this planet* starbound can do that, but with a reason. dungeons in this game can be as small as a little trapped apex hut all the way down to a subterranian military base. you can find tombs, bases, ruins, hell i found a dungeon after running into an outhouse all by itself in the field and noticed....is that a sewer down there? indeed it was explorers. packed with poo monsters and sewage blocks. i found that absolutely hillarious.npcs.as it stands now there arent that many things to do with npcs though you will find in later levels having a chef in your home will be useful since it can sometimes be hard to farm up the necessary food to make the items you need to survive. you cant sell right now but they intend to add that into the game *thank god* and make more functions for ncps. more personality, more function, more life. to put it bluntly i ran into an avian temple with friendly npcs and i climbed all the way to the top. at the top of this building there were two avian saying *im not ready for this* *i thought i had stealed myself for this* they were preparing to jump from the ledge in an act the lore explained simply as ""fly or die"" thats right. the lore in the game actualy is presented by the races that spawn. i found that little story in a book i found in a city of avians, read it, then ran into them afterwards and was astounded by the depth of these people. currently there arent really that many races cities finished but the ones that are are huge. races have their own dungeons as well which can be pretty fun to explore and understand more about them.bosses and enemies.the enemies in this game litterally are never the same. they can look similar but never the same. the fun part about this is not all monsters will come up to attack you, some are friendly. the actual fun part about this is that cute little squirrel looking creature over there will come to rip your eyes out but the giant spikey girrafe will leave you alone and go about its business. never judge monsters by their appearance, they will always surprise you and their attacks in some cases can be pretty devastating. flying monsters are a pain even with guns sometimes as they can move pretty fast and have pretty hard hitting attacks but little hp. the only thing about them that i find lacking is the attack functions compared to the variety of monsters. most will always charge, few have attacks other than that and they are usually pretty predictable.bosses. there are only a few bosses in this game and truely they dont pose much of a threat given the right amount of preperation. the problem i find with this is you spend ALL that time getting resources and then when that fight comes up its just like fighting any other monster just way bigger and harder hitting. i would like to see these bosses upgraded in some way or at least the ones implimented later add in some other features. and to my second point there arent enough boss monsters YET for the entire progression of the game. i suspect they plan to add in bosses for each teir of gear *currently stops at 10* which will be amazing but i hope they make the monsters a little harder to handle giving you a senese of progression.BUILDING!!!as many people who have played minecraft and terraria there is a certain time when you want to settle down and just build a home. fantastic idea. the building in this game is actualy very similar to that of terraria. you have foreground and background to play with. the only real gripe i have about this game so far in this aspect is you cant craft alot of materials to build. you are kinda stuck right now with cobblestone wood and sand for the most part and other terrain materials you pick up as you gather, but the other materials like castle blocks and tomb stones maybe even just some fancy bricks all come from cities and take a HUGE amount of time just to break. now i dont want to be able to make the special stones from dungeons, thats just giving me the game, but there needs to be more than you can make in the ways of craftable building blocks for a player, even if its just by schematic, im cool with this.the smal little decorations you can remake by adding to your 3d printer on your ship and to me, thats good. it keeps my crafting window clean and free of junk that i wanted to store but not see every day...."
,Not Recommended,211820,11111588,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Popcats!,"It feels as if it were released to the public much too early.  Early access is one thing but this is another.  I've had it for quite a while and it is very far from complete.  If the developers don't forget about it(they already made money off it, so they might 'forget' about it if they haven't already) wait until it is fully completed before puchasing it.  At the rate that they've made updates and the progress of these updates, it'll be a few years at the very least before they finish it.  Appreciate it from a distance, at least for now.Update:  I've only begun to touch the winter update and so far it is a much better game then it was before.  It gives a good view of what they've got in mind for the game as a whole but its still something that should've been around much sooner then this.  At least, I'm no longer stuck wondering if they've abandoned the game or not.Update:  There hasn't been much of anything added in any decent amount of time.  Just more promises and ideas thrown out from devs.  It feels like the devolper has more ideas then follow through.  If you're considering buying it, be warned that it'll probably be in ""early access"" forever or close to it."
76561198116764186,Not Recommended,211820,11094759,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,-Waifu Ikaros-,"I liked this game and it was fun at first, I eventually stopped playing it and said ""hey ill wait for more updates and it will be even more fun to play through!"" yeh, no. It seems that the devolopers have almost completely forggoten about this game. I checked for updates but few had arisen. In the span of 4 months that I waited for these updates I got minor bug fixes and a few in game""details"".My advice dont buy this game unless its on sale or if they complete it, not to mention if they ever do. I was looking for a game like terraria with a cool mix of space and endless word exploration but what I found was a abandoned game thats general gameplay at the moment is rather bland."
76561197971455070,Not Recommended,211820,11400928,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Qau'lthir,"Entitled hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s makes a game.Entitled hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s apply draconian measures to shut down all critique of said game.Entitled hipster ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s takes all the money people invested into said game and uses it for ventures which doesn't involve said game.But hey, it's alright so long as they can sip on their starbucks and feel superior about themselves, right? After all, they have a hit game on Steam! Right, guys? Right?11/10 - would gladly be trolled by these hipsters again"
,Not Recommended,211820,18044451,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Jason,"Had high hopes for the game when I first saw it. Played it the first time around and it was hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mobs would 2 shot you, you had to worry about freezing to death at night and on cold planets, hunger etc. But with recent updates the game is too casual 4 me.They give you an OP starting weapon, mobs are weak as ♥♥♥♥, the only thing that ever kills you is the environment. Even the bosses are easy. Planet temperatures are a useless gimmick since you get the suit for it anyway. You no longer starve since the hunger feature was removed and you can no longer freeze to death at night.Too linear gameplay. They guide you through a questline along with boring filler sidequests. The way you obtain gear is too linear also.The only things worth a ♥♥♥♥ that you find in the surprisingly bland planets are cosmetic items. All the weapons and armor you find are never as good as what you can craft.Building is useless because your ship provides everything you need.Devs only ever add ♥♥♥♥ing furniture in updates.Has absolutely no replay value at all.Would not buy again.Save yourself $5 and pick up Terraria instead."
,Recommended,211820,23213251,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Recluse,"I first bought this game when it became available. I played around 41 hours then. Recently came back and have put in about 44 hours now.Back when the game first came out, it involved many of the survival aspects that other games had. Such as hunger, being too hot/cold, certain creatures coming out at night, and so forth. To progress, you would mine down into the ground of the planet, gather materials you needed to craft a certain object, and summon a boss with said object which would give you an item to progress to the next ""tier"". The next tier would provide you with better crafting options in armor and weapons, which would require higher tiered ore, which in turn would usually require going to a more dangerous planet. All of this involved the survival mechanics as well. Dig too far down into a planet, and it would become so cold that it'd begin to affect you, so you may need heat to survive. If you died, you lose all your items... I think. It's been so lnog since I played back then.Now things have changed. Currently there are three difficulty levels. Casual, you lose 30% of your currency when you die, called pixels. That's it. The next up in difficulty makes you drop all your items when death comes for you. Then the last, Hardcore, makes it so that once you die... your character stays dead. Keep in mind, that many of the survival aspects were removed. You no longer get hungry, food slowly regens hp when eaten. There is no longer a hot/cold gauge when mining down into the depths. Day/Night doesn't matter creature wise, aside from being harder to see without sufficient light sources.Keep in mind, that the Devs have stated that the survival aspects will be returning in a ""Survival"" difficulty mode.Progression is now different. I hear they are going to change it further, but for now I prefer it this way instead of the old way. Instead of building an item to summon a boss. (And cheese the boss, by simply placing dirt in a way that makes you untouchable while being able to kill it), you are now given a mission in some form. These missions will bring you to a dungeon that's preset, and you aren't able to simply mine and tunnel your way through them. At the end of the mission, you fight a boss, and are usually given knowledge of some kind. Usually to reach the next tier of technology. Before any of this happens, of course, you have to repair your ship using the resources from the first planet you are stranded on. This serves as a way to ease someone who may have never played into the game, as it explains some of the mechanics through quests.Ther are some other things you can currently do. Like creating your own village/city and populating it with tenants, who will pay you with rent in some fashion. They also provide randomly generated quests, which at least gives something to do once you hit the final tier level... aside from ransacking outposts for materials and objects you want in order to expand your colony. Which reminds me, the ""mini-dungeons"" can't be ransacked and mined apart until you fight through their guards/puzzles and destroy the shield generator that's protecting it. This can add some variety when jumping around planets and searching for things you may want.In closing, I've read about the planned changes coming up in the release of Starbound with version 1.0. I'm honestly excited for it. Since the full story is going to be available, I'm probably going to delete my older character and start fresh. I hope you have as much fun in the stars as I have! Remember, the adventure is what you make of it."
,Not Recommended,211820,11008603,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Médecins Sans Undertale,"Starbound was fine until it wasn't. It was fun on release but now it's basically Terraria without the parts that made Terraria fun, like the freedom."
,Not Recommended,211820,12635837,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,meowmento mori,"It's fun with friends, but after 40+ hours of gameplay it's really not all that memorable in its present state. Even for early access, the game itself is really buggy. There's no reason to ever set up a homebase on any planet since you're constantly moving around (the only really ""permanent"" location is your ship), really reducing how fun the building is. In addition, the whole game (even late game) just feels like a search for more fuel for your ship. This was really over-hyped and not worth it.The devs rarely, if ever, communicate with the players. Updates have virtually ceased.There is no reason to buy this game in the state it's in, and I'm not at all optimistic about its future. Terraria is still vastly better in every aspect."
76561197984077184,Not Recommended,211820,11145011,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,faelyn,"Developers fail to complete the basic tasks of beta process, let alone putting out a good game. Save your money, or spend it on Terrarria. Now that starbound is 1.0 I gladly say what garbage this game is. Save your money for Otherworld. And the 250 hours was helping beta, sad my long suffering did not pay off."
,Not Recommended,211820,11090715,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Zakechan,"Inspired me to kickstart a game, make a beta, then run off with the money. You can't blame them, they're Indie™.Shout out to Gabe for making it so they never have to finish a game, It's Early Access™"
,Not Recommended,211820,11207904,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Camel Pants,"When you first start playing, I must admit it's pretty fun, and the possibilities seems endless, but you'll soon discover that the immense amount of pixel grinding and ore mining is too much to enjoy. On top of that, at a certain point the game stops giving you objectives, and simply throws you out into the worlds with nothing but some simple weapons and a handful of resources. While I don't want to be babysat through the entire game, I was barely able to begin to understand how everything worked before I was put completely on my own. It took internet research to discover that the next boss was acquired through the robotic crafting table, which previously was just some thing that I saw in the menus.Overall, I wouldn't recommend the game like it is. Should Chucklefish make the new-player experience much better, I may consider jumping in. While I say this, I was never able to play this game with friends, even with simple instructions on how to set up a 'server' for the game. It simply never worked. This is one of those games that you should buy if you can catch it for a couple of dollars on sale, and that's only if you feel confident that you will be able to understand the game with no help."
,Not Recommended,211820,12647615,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Draquila,"The game is missing almost all of the promised features, so it's nowhere near beta. This is an alpha release advertised as a beta to increase sales. After months without any updates, and no significant updates at all since release, they're finally overhauling the game by making it more gated and linear than ever. Updates were still promised to be ""thick and fast"" until a month or two ago.Fans will tell you ""It's just in early access!"" to excuse the detestable behavior of the developers, which has been to lie. Two of the screenshots on this very store page are from mock-ups; the art assets exist but are unavailable. Notably, the depiction of an underwater Hylotl city simply does not exist, because, almost a year since release, the Hylotl race still does not have any cities or villages. This game really shouldn't be allowed on Steam, since it uses fake screenshots to advertise itself even on the store page. Earlier versions of the website also featured hand-made mock-ups instead of screenshots, to deceive readers into thinking the game was farther along than it really is.The procedurally generated enemies are boring to fight and the procedurally generated weapons are boring to find. Features announced as complete on the blog years ago, like the frozen ocean biome and the complex weapon generation system, are nowhere to be found, either having been simply removed during development or outright lied about. A system listed as ""50% finished"" on the Starbound Roadmap in December 2013 was only just being initially prototyped in September.This game is a mess, and the developers are dishonest fools who do their best to censor all dissent. Don't give them any more money."
,Not Recommended,211820,10785380,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Killabight,Not very good. Its nothing you havent seen befor keep moving youve played this♥♥♥♥♥♥already probably and its not very fun at that.
,Not Recommended,211820,11102548,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,EddyJ,"I hate typing bad reviews but I didn't find much enjoyment playing this game, I know it's an early access but compared to others i think it lacks certian things that would have made it a better game in my opinion. Maybe in beta or full-release it would have the sufficent features and tweeks so that I may find it fun, but for now it hasn't.You're welcome to try it out but I think it's not the best game on my pc by a long shot.Not Recommended!"
76561198014276784,Not Recommended,211820,12587428,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,stephen,"Pretty cool at first.. run around, gather resources, survive.. and then you realize that there's no point. There's no story besides some space penguin trying to kill you. Traveling is confusing. No real interaction with other aliens, so it's awfully lonely."
,Not Recommended,211820,12470994,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Meme Queen Yui,"Judging the game on it's own merits and not bringing the developer's... Less than perfect PR and habits of only updating the broken Nightlies branch, I'm finding it hard to reccomend on it's own.Combat is boring, gameplay can pretty much be summed up with: Start on planet, mine for hours, realize you need pixels, kill monsters, get good armor and weapons, fight boss, go to new planet, realize you're just as weak as you were at the beginning, rinse and repeat.Weapons don't feel different unless you get a legendary, and even those are often just retextured versions of another. One legendary shoots bubbles when swung, another shoots poison. The only reason I have so much time on this game is because I'm a massochist and I tried to soak everything I could out of the game. Its fun factor pretty much only comes from shooting your way across the galaxy, but that also takes coal, so have fun digging more for those resources.From what the devs are saying, 1.0 will be much better. If you want to buy the game, do it then, or whenever the devs feel like actually updating this game like they promised on the store page with ""Thick and fast updates""."
76561198014891334,Not Recommended,211820,12745803,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,jzoomba,"I bought this game when it was originally released on Steam. I gave it some time, and understood that being Early Access it would feel incomplete. I'm no programmer, never done anything of this sort, but after 11 months I was expecting a lot more content and polish. I might recommend this game eventually, but based on the progress they've been making that may not be until next decade."
76561198051565839,Not Recommended,211820,10482652,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Walter White,Do not be fooled by the screenshots and positive reviews.
76561198049493619,Not Recommended,211820,12516451,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Aye Harambe,"Forum mods and game devs that dish out the hate, but can't take criticism. I've never been banned anywhere, ever, in my entire internet life--but I've been banned on the Chucklefish website, Starbound Reddit sub, and the Starbound forum here.Tens of millions of dollars in preorders for a 2D game, yet it's been getting worked on for over three years and is still hilariously feature-incomplete. If you're looking for a cheap knockoff of Terraria (with FAR less features), and a devloper base that takes your money and treats you like garbage, this is absolutely the game for you.And just a heads up, the massive Starbound play times you're seeing on most peoples' accounts is actually due to a bug with the game not completely closing down. The devs have known about the bug for a while, but have conveniently forgone trying to fix it...for obvious reasons.Three years for a cheap knockoff of a popular 2D game.Three.Years. YEARS."
,Not Recommended,211820,21581683,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nexnecis,"Starbound is pretty much the poster child for why I won't buy any Early Access games ever again. Stated as almost complete when it was first released the devs pushed out some big updates shortly afterwards ( like changing how the planet progression very drastically) so you were all like, 'wow, they seem to be able to change things pretty quickly!'. Then they decided to go underground for the next 6 months to a year. Imagine my shock when I came back to the game a year later and the promised ship upgrade system they were tweeting about ages ago still wasn't in.The game was released as a Very feature incomplete Alpha, and since then the devs seem to have no idea what they want the game to be. They seem to be randomly throwing ideas at the wall and Years later this game still isn't at a 1.0 state. Man what a scam.Even if this game does leave Early Access I'd stay far away. The Devs seem incompetent so I wouldn't expect anything like Terraria or Don't Starves ( now There's an EA game done right) post-release support.IMHO, stay away from Starbound and stay leary of any game Chuckfish developes in the future."
,Not Recommended,211820,11126208,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Acer,not that great. I'd rather play Terraria.
,Not Recommended,211820,11088103,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Midgey,I would really like a refund for this game I thought  it would be fun ive tried looking through tutorials but its very boring for me. So if the developer could see this and maybe refund my money that would be greatly appreciated :D
76561197991198865,Not Recommended,211820,9878048,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Badf1sh@CaptainBadf1sh,"TL;DRCrafting Variety- BBase Constuction- BExploration- DCombat- FFor and older version: Really enjoyed the breif period of updates, but here we are 2 months after the devs promised almost daily updates and all is quiet. Since that point this game has stalled out, and random exploration is only so rewarding when the worlds lack character. Terraria managed to keep things feeling fresh even after hundreds of hours of playtime, but after spending a dozen hours hopping from planet to planet it feels like the game is really lacking in content. Pass on this one for nowUpdate: Nearly a full year later they finally update the game as promised, not the daily updates they promised mind you, but a significant update none the less. Unfortunaly it still feels devoid of soul, which i personally blame on the randomly generated enemies and lack of variety per world, as in, each individual world dosent have more then 5 or 6 different species, and almost all of them just drop meat. exploration per planet is pretty bland too, sure there a few temples, labs and the like, but most of the worlds just seem empty. Caves are uninteresting, the core of the planets are devoid of anything but some special ores and most planet surfaces are just one or two rather uninspired biomes. Sure there are funky trees and lots of species specific furniture to collect, but it just dosent connect with me for some reason. Combat is the worst, as it feels like there is really only a couple variations in creature abilities, and none of them particularly interesting. I really want to like this game, but as it stands its just enough to keep me checking back for updates and improvements."
76561198027814652,Not Recommended,211820,12589676,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Red McCloud,"Too grindy and boring as ♥♥♥♥. and yes I know Terraria was grindy as ♥♥♥♥ you goddamn potatoes, but this is supposed to NOT be like a carbon copy of Terraria, minus most of the stuff. Also, devs barely update it (nightly builds dont count because most of the time they are unplayable) and have been really shady lately (firing a lot of the staff and forcing the others to move into ONE HOUSE TOGETHER)Overall, given the amount of hype this game generated, not impressed. Devs better step their ♥♥♥♥ing game up.EDIT JAN 28th: Game got updated, new content. Still thumbs down. If it's gonna take another year for another update, so be it."
,Not Recommended,211820,11200541,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,MellowCake,"all the false promises for future updates, dev is trolling posting life stuff, ran away with money"
76561197983643094,Not Recommended,211820,12977934,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Harmonious J,"Starbound starts off feeling like it's going to be a great experience when you finish your tutorials and beam down to a planet to explore/build/fight Pokemon. An hour in and you're feeling pretty good about your decision to buy the game, you're feeling like this is a solid experience. A couple hours later, you've explored and seen quite a bit. Maybe you've built yourself a shantytown or a castle. However, you have noticed that the game can sometimes be very plain.Eventually, the idea that the game is rather plain becomes so persuasive that you feel you need to say so or recommend a great idea for new content on the forums. There is only a short time now before you realize why Starbound has so many negative reviews. Enter Chucklefish, the developers of Starbound, some of them came from an optimistic place like Terraria and even more of these devs came from parts unknown. At first we wanted to give Chucklefish our money for Starbound, we even practically threw it at them and told them to shutup and take it. They were more than happy to take our money from us, as any company would probably be.Days went by, months went by, we're very close to a year now, less than a month at the time of this review. There have been no updates to the game. Oh but wait, there are ""nightly builds"" which tout daily updates to the game, what you get when you opt into beta nightly builds is a mess that crashes so often that it should be a new meme. There are also Devblogs that advertise things that have already been in the game since it was added to Steam as something new they're adding to nightly builds. That's right, they're pretending old content is new content.I wanted Starbound to succeed, I pre-ordered it and couldn't wait for all the rewards with pre-order. We were promised a new class and fossils you could dig up, we still don't have the pre-order rewards after all this time. If you go to the official website you may see a different tale, but I assure you that's only because they delete any bit of criticism from the site, no matter how honest it is. The developers of Starbound also have a hallowed history of flaming and insulting customers they disagreed with. Couple all of this with what they're doing now (advertising old things in the game as new) and you're left feeling that Chucklefish is just a gang of con artists.I'm sorry my review is like this, but it's the truth. You would do well to stay away from this game until the developers in Chucklefish can be mature enough to deliver what they promised with no drama. If they don't deliver what they promised in this game, I will be buying nothing from them in the future. I might even do that anyways to make an example that it's not okay to do the things they did to your customers."
76561197962811212,Not Recommended,211820,12040529,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Dark Hisoka,"All hype and promises, with little to show. It may be finished someday, but Duke Nukem forever was completed someday too. Overall it is my fault for buying into an unfinished game."
,Not Recommended,211820,10385716,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dan the Man,"The game appears solid from the get-go but quickly becomes very repetitive and stale.Added to that, there's virtually NO updates for this game. The makers promised weekly, even daily, content updates but I haven't had an update for a month (or more). Atleast, not any updates that change or add anything.This is a half-finished game with empty promises and after a good 5hours you're decked in max tier with maximum items."
76561197993295672,Not Recommended,211820,12704761,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Cheesehead,"***New info added based on ""Winter Update"" patch towards bottom***This game and company is the perfect example of why we should all stop tossing our money away on the early access explosion.Seriously. Remember the days when we all purchased games that were released buggy, broken, and incomplete? Most of us complained. Some of us played the games anyways. Very few of us were not disappointed by the garbage we purchased.This game cured me of purchasing early access promises forever.While the game is playable and fun for a while, you really do get the feeling its over ambitious and will never be what you hoped for. I got my money out of it, but the disappointing updates tarnished that mild entertainment.Its a fanboy title, and don't let their message boards suck you in.Buy something complete and be warned very few developers of this stuff will give you quality titles like Terraria, SPAZ, and Dungeons of Dredmor.***  ""Winter Update""  addendum ***More stuff, fixes, but still bland. Read on.First I want to say I really want to like this game, but honestly, I can no longer stand the poor design choices and the incompetence of the people behind this company. They also like to delete posts created by people with legitiment complaints.The patch didn't change the core problem with this game. It has a incredibly large star map that does nothing to add to the gameplay. There is so little incentive to explore this massive universe, because each system has very little to offer. You seen one desert planet, you have seen them all. None of them feel unique. They are only different at a glance.The progression is also borked beyond all recognition. Progression is only artificial. Its just another color of ore to make a slight variant on the armor you just had. The weapons end up being the same, just diferent colors and graphics.Gameplay consists of landing on a planet, digging for the next ore, and then going to the next planet. Thats it. There are some minor adjustments to your equipment. For example, a tech that allows you to breathe on a planet without an atmosphere. Exciting as this all may sound, the ""yippee factor"" then dies off when you meet the next form of alien life that is pretty much the same as the last boring group of aliens you shot on the previous world.The inexplicable change to the star map baffles me on why this change was implimented. Sure, you want progression. But now, it made each star system bland. Why? Because there are few planet types in each system now. Why someone thought this was a wonderful idea seriously should question his own ability to make good decisions when it comes to game design.You can now have a ""Frozen"" star with eight ""Frozen"" planets in the system. There is also ""Eccentric"" stars, which is a new one on me that makes little sense. ""Radioactive"" stars are now present, which, well, is what stars are. Almost forgot the ""Firey"" star type. Gee. Imagine that...a star that is on fire. Did it really take a whole year to come up with these names and overall silly idea?The new food system is also a joke. Its got a ton of recipes, but they are all the same. This is the central theme to Starbound. That theme is ""mindless variety of tiny variations."" The buffs the food gives you are minor, and they don't last long. What makes it worse is that you can't even eat more food to replace the short buff because of a poorly implemented timer.I could go on and on about how poor and disappointing this title is for as long is it would take to discover every unremarkable planet in this botched attempt to create a universe.The ""Winter Update"" is just a mish mash of stuff thrown together in an attempt to possibly bring in more unearned income. Believe what you want, but this game is lacking quality design people.I will add on this this review when the next update comes along, which will probably be next winter."
,Not Recommended,211820,11067874,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kim Jong Il,-- DO NOT BUY THIS SCAM --
,Not Recommended,211820,11024482,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,retard,"These piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥devs haven't updated this ""game"" in like 5 years"
76561198067804067,Not Recommended,211820,11679172,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,A-Ok1,"The updates come very slow, and the developers censor anyone that doesn't have an opinion the same as theres. I got my account banned because I said that combat was boring on the main website because a fanboy reported me.I feel like I got ripped off on this game.Wait until it becomes a full game before purchasing because devs are really rubbing me the wrong way. Never going to buy another indie early access game again."
,Not Recommended,211820,11066608,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,StrengthofthePack,"God knows how long I've forgotten about this game. The amount of progress made here is akin to that of a one armed, part time chimp. I'd wager that Starbound is pretty much on the backburner ever since they've slugged this out on steam. Just wait for the full release. It has potential, but as of now, it sometimes feels a bit barebones and just broken. This game really taught me to wait for the full release, otherwise the developers get lazy or sidetracked with other alphas/betas they can quickly cash in on."
,Not Recommended,211820,11002461,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Stoutarm,"no... nO..... NO!!!They stole our money, stopped development. Avoid this Terraria Rip Off. Its never going to be finished."
,Not Recommended,211820,10554689,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Tamerlane,"Not as of now. Not yet.There's hardly any significant content and at this pace it seems it might not live up to expectations.Why do people compare this to Terraria so much? Well it's because it fed off the success of Terraria and basically promised itself as Terraria in space with more customization and unique worlds. It still not there yet, far from it.Terraria occasionally released patches, with one guy doing most of it, that added content for free and pretty much added hours of longevity to the game. Seems like Starbound's updates are mostly cosmetic.I really want this to succeed, I really do. However, if you've played Terraria and expect a better experience you won't get it right now. Bosses, planets, systems, dungeons, weapons and items aren't all that interesting and you will quickly grow bored. Customization isn't that varied either.Basically, if you played Terraria through and through then there's not much in this game that will keep you engaged or surprise you.Wait for the game to be officially released. Keep your cash for now."
,Not Recommended,211820,11127608,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Psydra,Game's pretty much hardly in alpha. Wait for a full release.
,Not Recommended,211820,11147209,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Orson Krennic,as a fan of terraria i thought this was gonna be terraria in space. but no just no. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME! save urself 4.99 and go buy terraria or a 9.99 pizza.
,Not Recommended,211820,11129585,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,RT | Poco!,"Feels like just another crafting chore to me.The random worlds don't give me good environments to roam, but rather uninteresting terrain where I will always do the same mining, and enemies that I handle more or less the same way on every planet.Multiplayer works well, and I understand that this is in early access, but I would not recommend purchasing it at this point. I don't see how it could get better."
76561198068563195,Not Recommended,211820,15922769,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Thunk Dunkachunk ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"Game NOT recommended.This negative review is a placeholder, and is still in early access.*(*May be subject to change, and may change in any number of different directions. While this review may be a dry wall of text not recommending it now, it could change! Maybe into an exciting picture, an action adventure platformer game, dating sim, puzzle, VN, 3D shooter, blockbuster movie, critically acclaimed best selling epic trilogy of books, or even a positive review! Hype, hype, hype! Features may be added and removed. Such is Early Access. Better like it now, and like it even if it changes, 'cause your stuck with it.)When I got this game in 2013, it was little more than a planetary strip mining sim. Now, it's also an annoying tutorial fetch quest game, too. They had a great idea, but has never gone beyond ""meh"" level for me. The base game should be great alone. My only hope is that modding doesn't die off completely, and modders can make something good out of it. Shouldn't have to be that way on their flagship title. It has not lived up to it's potential or hype.A game is nothing with out its developers. So I don't recommend anything they touch, now, either.Everything in the game is a placeholder as said by the developers. Placeholders are a staple of tech-demos, early alphas, and alpha games, not so much for betas. Some betas may have placeholders, but not as every feature! And what beta game has everything been stated as a placeholder? Only Starbound. Some people paid to playtest, to help them out. What is the point if ""everything is a placeholder""? They can't make a commitment to what will be in the game, or what the game is supposed to be? Sure seems like it.So much for a design document. Keeping that 'secret' only gives them a great excuse to keep doing, well, whatever it is they do. They don't want to spoil the end? Is it going to be that bad? Why even sell it, then? Perhaps the rumors are true. There never was one. Would explain all the changes of story and game direction. Best they have shown is a flow chart. A simple flow chart is not a design document.One of the points of early access is to playtest, bug test, and give feedback. Note the absence of the developer presence on the only legal distributor of the game. The place that hosts the Early Access program that protects them. Everyone has to have Steam to get a legitimate copy, don't they? Don't forget this game had a pre-order, with no definite word if there would even be a beta release, or if there would be anything other than a finished game.(Or even be on Steam.) I'm scared to even think what little broken content there would have been had they released it back then. Good thing they found Early access! It is probably better that we'll never know what a they wanted to sell us originally.There is also is/was the launcher bug that tracks additional time NOT played. They knew about it, and did nothing. It is in the developers best interest to let other people think owners are playing far more than they really are. I only wish this game was fun enough to put 300+ hours into. Not even close. Steam game tracking is notorious for being wrong, but being a smart cookie, you already knew that.Or maybe you have a magic crystal ball of science magic? Then you also know what my other games real times are, too? I have many that have been played but haven't been tracked. I have games that should have even more time on them, too. You must also have that research paper/scientific study done on hours played equaling fun, too. Oh, that one doesn't exist. Sorry.Indie used to mean independent of a publisher. CF is now a 'publisher'. Don't worry, they like to redefine words a lot, as they are a special snowflake. They sold a tech demo/pre-alpha as a beta. One year is soon in chuckle-time. Almost done in 2012. A road map that showed far more completion of things not yet done. Mock-up of things that were never to be in game. A bit of honesty would have gone a long way! Seems more marketing and hype was done, rather than work on the game.One of the worst thing is really all the whiteknighting fans who have no understanding of the Early Access program. They are allowed to troll other fans and attack any feedback that could possibly be negative, even if it isn't. If someone has a problem or idea, they can expect to be attacked. These trolls don't even get a warning. Very poor moderation at best, even when they have their own moderators on the Steam forums, that is. They do come by and do forum cleanups, got to make the forums look 'clean' for a sale or update. Other developers have good and helpful Steam communities. Too bad they fostered the very toxic community they ignore. They must want it this way, as they have the power to change it, but don't.But hey, it's all a placeholder anyway. Wonder if we will ever get the REAL game? Maybe that will be good?Just remember, it's all your fault. Steam and Chucklefish have said so.Two good things did come from Starbound for me.1) I met a lot of cool friends, (some who like the game, some that don't) many who I would not have met otherwise. Can't put a dollar value on that.2) Looked into the Steam Early Access policy. Learned that it's just some toothless guidelines that allow for developer misbehavior. Steam cares more for it's real customer, other game developers, than the consumer. Some developers have great work ethics and can deliver. The other bad developers are protected, and they get a golden parachute. Only the worst offenders get pulled from the store. Pity, the idea is good, but its implementation has no consumer protection. Perhaps Early Access is in early access, too. Regardless, I won't make another purchase for a 'maybe' game. Saved a bunch of money and disappointment by not buying many program failures. Like: The Stomping Lands, Spacebase DF-9, StarForge, among others. Sucks for the good developers who use the program as intended. If I cant trust Steam and VALVe to stand by the products they sell in early access, I just won't buy them. Simple.Still wonder when I'll get that game that was hyped. What I have now is not that game.TL;DR:For those who don't like to read, online forums tend to rely on the written word. Seems like all forums are filled with words. Why are you even here, then? As for walls of text, libraries and books must not be your thing, then, too? Are you such a vidiot that the presence of written or typed words make you angry? I don't disagree that the reliance on only one form of media is the best rout, as one should seek as many outlets as possible to make a truly informed decision. I don't personally put a lot of stock into youtubers that get free games to test and positively endorse. Nor does peoples monetizations of their YouTube accounts give me any confidence that the goal of the videos is simply to inform... only to entertain and make money. Take everything with a grain of salt, even this wall of text. Yet, information is power. Had I and others known all of the available information that was buried and hidden out there at the time, not listened to people who held only positive opinions, and not seen positively slanted 'lets plays'... many would not own the games now, myself included. Much info was found in hindsight looking for answers that few seemed to have at the time and the developers would not take the time to answer. But why does one even need to spend countless hours researching all of the internet, when a honest developer could lay out an informational bonanza of truth in one place? Seems odd over a game, down right shady, in fact."
,Not Recommended,211820,11126487,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Crawls: Best Broken Legs NA,"If you want to give your hard earned DOLLA BILLS to a comapny that uses them to go on vacations and buy property in london for a SO called office this is the game for you! Chucklefish is by far on par with the production team behind the famed TOWNS failure. taking your monies and then promising updates every month, but only 1 in the last 10 months? i have had this game for some time now and its a joke. you really cannot even progress through it without getting mods to componsate for the lack of a game that is starbound. Its a tragedy to say this game in the same sentance as Terraria when talking about anything besides how unlike and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is compared to Terraria. The chucklefish staff should pull a 180 and get to work, or simple divide thier scam earnings and give them to the hardworking modders who have made this game playable. seriously do not waste your monies, wait and see if they ever get to work. I know its hard to find games like Terraria and MInecraft, there is not many that are good, but do not be fooled by this scam."
76561198072606069,Not Recommended,211820,11076784,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Gary demonic,"Here comes the negative review. Yes a review that has been about 3 months in the making now. Ok, let me start off by saying this game does in fact have a lot of potential. The graphics are really good in my opinion. The building and crafting is fun. The exploration and space travel is a good touch, and the over all feel of the game is great. The problem with all the really good stuff is there are a few things about this game that are currently ruining all the great things it could be.I’ll start out with the playability of the game. The game engine itself is system intense. So much so that even with the game settings set to low the game has a tendency to bog down, or freeze. Yes, this could be my system, so I’m not that upset about it. The problem is with the second and most game-breaking problem with this game. 5 months with no patching, no progress, and no updates as to what or were this game is going.An embarrassing amount of Nothing, I’m not just talking about content patches. I’m talking about anything that is bugged in the game. It’s as if this game has been tossed aside by the game company because it has already made its money. Worst thing is I sense a quick to finished product coming for this game. I’m not talking one that will have all the bells and whistles. I’m talking a game that will be released as done just the way it is currently. No switch character option, no delete character option, no achievements, no performance patches. Because it will be the convenient way of handling things for the company if they’re burned out on make the game, and have already made their money off of it.Truly I want them to prove me wrong. I want some content patches that will fix the bugs that pop up every so often in the game. I want the glitches fixed, and the needed menu options added. In short I want them to show that they’re working on this game. Months, and months, and months of nothing from them to the point of it being a blemish on their company.So please Chuckle Fish if you read this review I would beg you to rectify this situation by (yes I’m yelling) DO SOMETHING. I may change this review if anything worth calling a patch is done, but for now I would recommend people thinking about playing this game to stay clear. It is grossly starting to smell like a dead fish."
,Recommended,211820,34224372,Posted: 13 August,all,Rick C-137,10/10 awesome game with more content coming
76561198132414588,Recommended,211820,24481802,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Zilla,"So I see a lot of bad reviews since the new 1.0 patch. I get people are upset that things got wiped and things have changed. People must also remember that these games go through massive changes to make the game more polished and run/ work better. With that being said here is my review as a new player so far.I love everything this game has offered since the splash screen. My friend and I have completely lost all sense of time and direction while playing this(both of us came from terraria). Amazing soundtrack, gameplay, art style(yes I know it's old school but it's still pretty), crafting system(huge and tons of variation), weapons, clothing/armor. I could go on about all the great things we have seen in just the few hours we have played. I highly recommend this for anyone who is a fan of Terraria. I fought a penguin flying an UFO. Soooo yea play it and I promise you won't be let down if you are new to the title. A lot of the older players from early access(or w/e it's called) don't like some of the changes but coming in new you won't know those changes and it won't matter purely because the game is fresh to you. Do yourself a favor and try it."
76561198034607058,Not Recommended,211820,12810168,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,[RSE] Big Memer,"Got the game about a year ago, beat it in a few days.What did I notice?Past tier 3 or so (there's 10 tiers) the gameplay is extremely gimmicky- go to this planet, get this ore, get this armor, beat this boss, move to a new planet, get this ore, etc. I really wanted the game to be good, it was not that great.They claim to be working on improving the game, but it has been released FOR TWO ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS (Yeah, it was released in 2013, it's ridiculous).They censor anyone who points out that they're doing a god-awful job of providing what they were paid to in a timely fashion. Due to the unprofessionalism and laziness of the devs, I would not recommend this game to my worst enemy.P.S. devs stop being♥♥♥♥♥♥please"
,Not Recommended,211820,11104743,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,MSM-07E Z'Gok-E Edea Custom,The biggest disappointment since my own existence.
,Recommended,211820,31500341,Posted: 1 May,all,Blue Waphle,"This game I can honestly say is one of the my top 3 games of all time. And I fell in love with this game long before it had an actual campaign/singplayer mission. So yes if youre looking for a sci-fi terraria this is it boysps. This game unlike minecraft and terraria makes playing on your server alot easier through the use of steam's ""join game"" option"
,Not Recommended,211820,11170346,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Jeremythellama1,"Game:It's a very basic game, there's nothing to do in the game but fight monsters and build housing. Every single world is the same, there's just pallete swaps.I don't reccommend getting the game in it's current state, as there'sabsolutely nothing to do in it.The Dev group, moderators, and communityI tried to cover everything, but I'm not good with words, I HAVE covered the main aspects everyone has been having problems with in here, so now it shouldn't be as cluttered.Read this for all answers to mostly everything , it was NOT made by me, but I am getting the word out:https://imgur.com/a/QgkPtSide note:https://i.imgur.com/1aoVrb8.pngThis is just the best.I've only two questions:Why are you ignoring people? Where's the update explaining all the issues?I should point out to people ignorant towards what's going on that:They continually do shady♥♥♥♥♥♥ and controversial♥♥♥♥♥♥ then censor people with questions about said shady and controversial♥♥♥♥♥♥Please, explain to me, if you want the ""trolling"" as you put it, to end, why do you continually do things like this? Someone leaves, nothing is said from you personally, you hire moderators that are/were ban happy and censorshippy as hell, you move to the most expensive place to live, England, you insult consumers and the community (lost my respect on that one, though you don't care.)There's aLaundry listIn no way am I attacking, or insulting, being rude, so on. Just a worried customer. Although I don't feel safe putting this here, everytime someone has, you seem to be more ban happy than ever. (or warning happy, whatever.)Examples:~~~Long as hell, but no insults made, faulty ban given regardless of a second account.https://i.imgur.com/N3iDyft.png~~~~~~~~Just how legit are these bans? A coin toss:https://i.imgur.com/Ki8ezBP.png~~~~~~~~This is a legitimate response when you see what they've said:https://i.imgur.com/clXuOGR.pngResponses made:https://i.imgur.com/sIwB3Mu.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/EaEDNQb.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/7Dim04R.png~~~~Response to:https://i.imgur.com/UxoE4Xg.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/XQAw3CQ.pngSo a few toxic people got pissy at the lack of updates, and are now taking what you're saying out of context for their own, I guess, ""self gain.""So you're essentially ♥♥♥♥ing the consumer over because the lil bully on the play yard is spreading lies. You're kidding me right? This is a joke correct? Are you serious? I'm literally taking pauses just to process this, SOME ♥♥♥♥WIT IS BEING AN ASSHAT SO YOU ♥♥♥♥ THE CONSUMER OVER?Alright, just, I'm going to let this sink in to everyone reading this.The developer of the game doesn't want to work on the game or inform the consumer on what's happening because some lil♥♥♥♥♥♥is doing something he doesn't appreciate.Haha, it's almost as if he's making up a fake excuse.Oh wait, it is a fale excuse, nvm, can be safely ignored as ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Listen, if you want all this to stop, thenstophiding the truth, stop hiding behind a ban or warning, stop abusing your powers, don't ignore the ♥♥♥♥ing questions at hand:Answer them. Make an update, say somewhere what the real reason is. Don't keep tip toeing around it, it's VERY obvious that's what you're doing, if the truth is that you're no longer working on the game, then just tell Steam you're no longer working on the game, they'll keep it up with no change to it at all, they allow scams anyways. Especially E.A. ones:Proof:http://www.gamespot.com/articles/steam-early-access-games-may-never-be-finished-valve-warns/1100-6420151/But if this isn't just a really ♥♥♥♥ing lucky cashgrab, do the community a favor and put their worries at rest. If you have said something, I sure as ♥♥♥♥ haven't seen it anywhere, especially on steam.Get it at your own risk as Steam allows Scamming. Not just in the E.A. part, but in games in general, such as Towns, Day One Garry's Incident, War Z (Now known as infestation Stories.) and pretty much more than half of what's on Steam."
,Not Recommended,211820,13799603,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Onkel Stinkern' McMøkkakjeller,"This review is heavily edited from its original, imprecise iteration.I dislike this game because to date I feel like the amount of visual content in the game far outweighs the actual gameplay.The visual style is, by the way, quite good, but the game simply isn't all that fun.It gets repetitive after a very short while, and feels too limited to be a true sandbox-game.I also have my concerns about the development schedule. Speculations as they may be, I implore you all to look this up on your own.I would not spend my money on this product until it is fully released."
76561198210292309,Recommended,211820,18679656,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,ArgonTheDragon,"Let me start this off, I love this game. But all I used to think was that it was a Terraria rip-off. But surprisingly I found that I preffered it to Terraria, and this game is still in early access! Starbound certainly has a bright future ahead. Do yourself a favor, and get this game early access. (it's better than some that have been finished)"
,Recommended,211820,33557622,Posted: 15 July,all,NightFall,"This game is incredible, in tons of different ways. It would take too long for me to say all of the pro's, so I will just be reviewing the soundtrack, and what I feel the game is overall.The soundtrack is incredible, there are tons of different songs for each scenario, it ranges down to- Boss Fights- The Time of Day- The Weather- Certain planets- Certain missionsThis is so unique because in most games, they will repeat the same soundtrack over and over in certain areas, in Starbound, its normally different for everything you do.The way that I would describe this game is ""Its No Man's Sky and Terraria combined."" I only say this because the graphics and concept are similar to Terraria's in certain ways. Terraria has a sort of Classic RPG freeroaming vibe from the game, it is also somewhat confusing to adapt to the game, similar to Terraria. My reasoning for the No Man's Sky concept, is because of the players freedom to explore hundreds of new planets with something different on each one. Combining these two games into this is genius. The best part about this is that its only $15.Overall this game is astonishing, I'd rate 9/10."
76561197970433897,Not Recommended,211820,16461560,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Aven,"Short and simple: the exploration and building aspects of the game are diminished by a repetitive and grindy tier system, a lack of uniqueness between planets and a lack of motivating factors to build outside of your ship."
76561198021493852,Not Recommended,211820,12508788,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,yolomancer,For two years the developers have done nothing but talk talk talk about how great the game is going to be. There are far larger and more complex games that have been developed in that timespan by fewer people. These people have taken the 2 million and run for the door. The game simply is no longer being developed and has been utterly abandoned by the development team. Bad investment. I will never do early access games again after this. What a scam.
,Recommended,211820,13627917,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Eccentric,"A Brief History of Chucklefish and the CommunityFirst, people complain when the stable updates are too frequent to keep your save for very long.So, in response, they change their updating routine and create a nightly channel to see a snapshot of their progress every 24 hours.Nobody switches, ♥♥♥♥♥ing commences because they don't see any progress and assume the game is dead.In response, the dev team starts frequently blogging in order to show everything they've been working on, including the arduous task of refactoring code (which is very important, but you can't have snazzy screenshots to show for it)People don't read the blog, and proclaim that the game is dead.Those that do read the blog complain that the latest releases are buggy.Entitled gamers want everything now.Where is that picture of a triangular diagram showing fast, stable, and fun with the caption ""Pick Two""?Christ almighty people, you can't have frequent updates, have those updates include lots of features,andhave them be stable. Either be patient, or help them bugtest by playing nightlies. Otherwise you'll leave them no choice but to halfass the content!What's that? The game? Oh, yeah, I think it's pretty good. I like the setting and character design, the procedurally generated content is impressive, and it's been getting better over time. If you're into voxel-like survival/design games, then this is a good choice."
76561198035311613,Not Recommended,211820,29878689,Posted: 12 February,all,Cpt. Bullshit,"Its Come a long way from early access. the process was a little drawn out in length, but the end product is by no means a bad game.If you are sold on the concept go for it, but... Its got its problems, and they need to be addressed because they take away ALOT of what the game could be. Meanwhile, theres a rather large Mod Workshop for what you probably deem annoying or bad. Just be sure you friends have them too.tl;dr:A review with high concentrations of salt and shattered hopes from the ages of early access. Mainly a giant checklist of problems or things that would have made the game alot more entertaining than it currently is now.Poor Optimization aside...SHALLOW GAMEPLAY.Wiring is the most complex mechanic in the game. Gameplay outside of questing Is generally chalked up to 'mine X Ore to make X Gear'. When your gear gets outdated, you do it again with a different ore. The End-game consists almost entirely on building things since exploration doesn't mean much; and after awhile you're going to get tired of building.Easy! So EASY!Nothing end-game poses a considerable threat to you. They are just a minor annoyance that you can sidestep. you can heal at any time, almost instantly.Exploration isn't especially exciting.Same dungeon layouts, same swamps, same villages, and mostly the same terrain/biomes. part of what makes an open world game exciting is diversity. This game needs more. alot more. Or to atleast expand on the biomes that are already there.Mechs are bad, mkay?they were REMOVED when they could have been implemented for higher level planets that required greater life support beyond an EPP. they're back, but Have basically no purpose beyond space. you are likely better off on foot.A planets danger level is linked Directly to its global biome.End-game adventuring is aimed at 'scorched' or 'volcanic' planet. Other planets will not be worth exploring. At all.This does cripple end-game quality, in addition to what already plagues it.EPP's require no power. EPP's do not require Oxygen.--- maybe its just a peeve of mine, but i don't necessarily think you should be able to go planet-side for an extended period of time without any need to manage your life suport. Would give an actual need for airlocks on airless planets, in addition to making standard gameplay more interesting.Minimal point in building a crew.They don't do much but stand in doorways, follow you and block your crafting stations.When Planetside, They hardly follow you a couple of yards without dying or getting snagged and needing to teleport to you. For the most part, they cant even keep pace.The only thing you will ever want are engineers, who raise your fuel efficiency to 100% and nullify the need for fuel... Which in in itself is a questionable mechanic to have.NO POINT AT ALL in building colonies or doing quests.Colonists will give you a boring and mundane series of chores to complete and then reward you with somthing you probably just scraped off your boot and put in the trash 5 minutes ago- with the rare exception that you get somthing you actually could use. Building is merely Eyecady and a hobby to pass the time.whole lotta dishes,But...They have a lot of food items, and i think thats cool, But there isn't hardly a point in making them. The buffs you get are pretty minor and last for a pretty short time. Because of the effort needed, you just end up sticking to canned food or rice.You can either buy fuel or obtain it from moons.For some reason, fuel and *only* fuel can be found in massive abundance on all moons. They  added a mechanic to fuel gathering to make it more interesting, But it still feels a bit like a chore.'Casual' players do not need to reach the surface in order to beam back to their ship.Maybe its just me, but I really hate that. You honestly might as well not even have the other character settings.At any time, another player in your party can warp to your ship and break or Steal anything they please.This is a big one.There are NO private containers except for your own pockets or whatever hidden planet stash you jealously guard.Nothing in your ship is safe.No Race Diversity.One of my biggest problems with the game.The freaking FISH people can't breathe underwater.The Florans can't supplement their food/energy with a little photosynthesis.The Glitches- who are ROBOTS- Don't need electricity. They can suffocate and have to EAT.Novakids don't glow in the dark despite being made of glowing gas.they totally do.Races do not have different Diets or foods that they have to avoid eating.Honestly, everyone might as well just behuman.Novakid.Needs more creature diversity.in all the universe, why am I still encountering the same pre-made creatures? why can't I fight any giant creatures?Storyline is... meh.im not spoiling much by saying that it's your standard 'only you can save the universe' story.Nothing in space to explore.Nothing of actual intrest, anyway.No, Outposts/asteroids don't really count. The only thing (that was added recently) that helps this were the vaults... Which really don't hold that much treasure and are filled to the brim with recycled mobs.As it turns out, they are adding more on the concept of space travel in a future update.Mostly Useless tech upgrades.They actually REMOVED alot of useful Techs. Remember Bubble Boost? Energy Shields? Health Regen? Gravity Sphere? Not there anymore. and no matter how many times you skim over what remains of the tech upgrades, your standard techs are almost always going to be the spikey sphere, Blink Dash and the Multi-jump. Most other Dashes are nearly USELESS since the dashes don't move very far and grants no invulnerability frames.everything else has limited usability, both in concept and practice.Nearly all staffs except for staffs with 'Energy Restore' or 'Health Restore' areUSELESS.Ill eat my words on this: Staffs are most definitely not useless. their Alternate abilities, however, leave alot to be desired.Some spells are hard to aim reliably, but they just need a little more technique than the rest of the weapons.Somewhat uninteresting loot.Any loot you pick up just isn't too interesting. Theres Variety, sure, but its mostly cosmetic.Astoundingly more often than not, the alternate skill on a weapon is either impractical or has rather limited situational use. There are only three skills i found useful or fun to have: Rising Slash, Giant Sword (which can be used as a light source) and Flurry.HoverBikes Need work.Unless you took the time to flatten a good bit of the planet's surface (which is pointless unless you plan on building there), prepare for an uncomfortably bumpy ride where you have to step out of the vehicle every 24-yards or so and either carve out a path for yourself, or just pick it up and drop it on the other side of a mountain.Earth was the *only* protectorate planet?This is more of a nitpick with the story but...That was Seriously the only protectorate planet? There are no other outposts or colonies that protectorates were stationed? I thought that the protectorates were a big deal, why do they have no presence whatsoever in the universe?"
,Not Recommended,211820,12035114,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,MurderousIntent,"It's cool, definately has the potential to be ""terraria 2"", but i think they need more developers. Lots of content without any real connection."
76561198027893577,Not Recommended,211820,11700604,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ryan,"Incomplete game that coasted to the top on hype and is now taking a long downward slide towards oblivion.  After years of promotion, promises, and stringing along, you still basically get a shell or an engine with little to do.  99% of worlds are empty and boring, villages and interaction with NPCs is weak and boring, combat is still glitchy.    The game is basically a short grind for resources followed by a boring end game of exploring mostly empty worlds.   Stick with Terraria or Minecraft if you're looking for a game like this.Never buying early access again."
76561197977786334,Not Recommended,211820,25001719,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,TeknoTel,"Played this game all the way from its inception and I have to say I am dissapointed with the final product in relation to the time they spent on it.The problems are not with what the game is, it is a good game. It is what it could have been and to me the final execution feels rushed. So many reworks, I think they tried to achieve perfection and got tired with it and in the end released a ill thought out rushed game. Ok here are my main problems.The questline and story they added is terribleThe main questline features a few basic starter tutorial like missions to get you into the game and then basically has you repeat the exact same quest 6 times before facing a final boss. It is always worrying when the tutorial missions are more interesting and fun to play then any other part of the game. It is also so crazy short. I completed the game in 2 days with little effort which links in to my second issue.It is very easyThis is basically down to progression not being linked to the questline. Once your out of the starter missions and  you have repaired your ship, you can basically get a a top tier weapon and armor before actually doing any of the main questline. Progression in starbound is not bound to the questline or story. I think this was a design flaw. Sure you can just pace it yourself, but the even bigger issue is this my next point.You can basically mine everything you need to progress to the next tech tier in one mining runSo for example, when I unlocked tech to let me visit the fiery or frozen stars, basically the stars that had everything but the final ore, I was able to mine enough of every single resource needed to completely max my tech out in one trip. I was able to get enough materials to get all three of the end game armor sets and crafting stations. From one run. Then when you unlock the final planet ore, again one run gives you all the solarium you need to finally max out your armor and anything else you need. Thats it game is pretty much done. You should have a god like weapon by now as they can literally spawn in the most basic of chests anywhere in the game. So if you havent already beaten all the bosses, go and jump about spamming fire and complete them. Thats pretty much it which leads me to my next issue.I dont see any reason to play on once completedYou may differ with me in opinion here, but I really couldnt see any point in going back to play any more. I mean the fun is in looting and exploring right? So once you have unlocked the hardest difficulty planet there is no point in going to any others as the reward is worthless to you at this point. The side missions and 'town/villages' they implemented with npc missions are utterly pointless. Very low reward for doing repitive tedious missions. So basically 90% of the games worlds are no longer worth visiting at this point. You already have godlike everything which you found in the first chest you encountered on one of these planets. What is the point? I really hope I am missing something here but this was my experience of it. Sure you can max your ship out, sure you can try to build a colony, it all just feels shallow and completely pointless. Like features people wanted which they just added without any thought in relating it to the rest of the gameplay.I played terraria for weeks and actually found bits of it tough, I dont think I ever saw everything and the final boss was difficult for me and took me quite a few attempts.I honestly finished starbounds final release in two days and never really had any problems dying.What could they have done?Make looting make sense. So rubbish loot on the surface, better loot for quest rewards, more rare items the deeper you go etc.Make an end game where early game planets are still relevant.Make other game features like ship and colony building relevant and necessary for the main game questline.Actually have a decent questline with variation in missions and a lot, lot, lot more of them.Increase overall difficulty of pretty much everything.The final 4 tiers of ore are basically split on 2 tiers, 3 of them having equal weighting on a lower tier and then one final ore which lets you upgrade each of these 3 tiers to a final tier (we are talking armor and weaponry here). This was a clear of sign of rushing to me. These should have been four seperate upgrades instead of two.And so much more I could write all night but I am not going to.I have to ask myself, what did they spend well over a year on? I played ti with my friend before and we actually spent a good week on it and I remember having a lot of fun. There were not any quests and maybe one or two bosses I cannot remember, but the progression made more sense and the game was tougher. I remember actually struggling against mobs at points, we actually had to do the old build a wall around us with a peep hole to shoot out of trick to actually get through some of the tougher areas. Loot made sense as well, like it was actually worth exploring and looting stuff.What happened guys? I thought this was gonna be the game that kept me amused for months when it was completed.I could have beat ruin with my eyes closed.TL:DR In summary this is a fun game and an enjoyable experience, its just too easy, too short with a lot of worthless features adding nothing to gameplay and most damaging for it it has no replay value at all once you have beaten all the bosses as the game design makes 90% of the game worthless after this point."
,Not Recommended,211820,11399520,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Tom Servo,"While this game looked incredibly promising early on, the developer has not released much in the way of content or updates. Many of the initially promised features of the game have failed to materialize over the year that it has been in beta, and the game world feels very dry and uninteresting.  If you are under the impression that this game is ""Terraria in space"" as I was, it is a very long way from being anything like that. I still hold hope that in the future this game will live up to it's initial vision though I would suggest waiting until it is fully released before investing any more money in this developer."
,Not Recommended,211820,12034530,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Нюбайт *gurka.se,"Fun at first, then it get's quite boring... ...and confusing. I mean, I know how to go to other planets but really, what's the point? I love the idea, but it feels pointless. It doesn't make it more appealing to play knowing the fact that it'll take ages to start. It barely gets any updates too.  I regret buying this, sadly.Hopefully it gets better when it's no longer a realy access game, but I can't recommend this one right now.I'll update this review later on when the game is no longer early access, probably some time after it happens though.3/10, has potetial to get a lot better...honestly, I think we might have Half-Life 3 before this is out of early access.I wonder if Steam support would be nice and allow me to refund it, even after, uh, 2 years?"
,Not Recommended,211820,10873586,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dabunkydunk,Terraria in space with no content
76561198031971722,Not Recommended,211820,12014193,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TrunkMonkeey,No updates in like 7 monthsVery unfinishedNot nearly enough in the game currently to be interesting
76561198105244917,Not Recommended,211820,12627288,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Seeker Knerlum,"10/25/2014I baught his game a while ago and I'm sure you've heard the story about how Starbound has no updates and how the devs are running with the money they recieved. Although I know they are still working on the game (At a snails pace) there is no excuse for this lack of support. The forums will shun you if you speak your mind and theres no way to really make suggestions without people ♥♥♥♥ing up your face.It was a great game at first, it started off how I thought it would, now greatly dissapointed I warn you about this game. It's not a shity game by any means, I loved this game at first. However, as it is, you will get bored very fast and you will regret your purchase.Perphaps in the future, when this game has many more updates, I will pick it up again and eat my words."
76561198049792642,Not Recommended,211820,11394329,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Orange Frog,"Really need to update it more. Until the beta is over and the game is complete, there simply aren't enough features to reccomend this game to anyone. That being said, the reason I have 70 + hours is that you can have snowball fights on level 10 planets"
,Not Recommended,211820,11395911,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,juantonfaggot,"Chucklefish may be the most lazy game producing company. The game is fun for about the first 15 hours and then once you find everything, the game becomes trash"
,Not Recommended,211820,10381248,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,CurtMeister,No content. Few updates. Waste of money.
76561198044337852,Not Recommended,211820,11109040,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,McDonalds,"it's like a worse version of terraria, only it costs more"
,Recommended,211820,34569533,Posted: 28 August,all,Russell,"""You’ve fled your home, only to find yourself lost in space with a damaged ship. Your only option is to beam down to the planet below and gather the resources you need to repair your ship and set off to explore the...""Starbound is an absolutely fun game to me, a major timewaster if you will. After countless voyages throughout the galexy with my lover I found it rather nice to see the world I had created for myself. It is worth purchasing even more so if it is on sale!If you have friends you enjoy playing with, this is the game for you!ProsSpace TravelThe ability to play with friends (This makes the game a million times better!)Workshop SupportDiverse creatures and even more creatures to be added with the use of the workshopTons of different weaponry and equiptment to keep everyones inventory unique and their characters all differentConsIt can get repetative at a point, While this is a problem with many games such as Terraria or Minecraft (The whole mine>craft>fight>mine deal) It is easily forgotten when playing with friends.Looking for more reviews? Join my steam group here by clicking here!"
76561198035445138,Not Recommended,211820,11319274,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Reclaimer,"It has been months without a substantial update for a game that they swore would be released in 2013.https://i.imgur.com/J1zHrOB.pngOn top of that, the developers and moderators have taken to blaming the community for their disappointment.https://i.imgur.com/M3JBlk8.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/2zJax3Q.pngThey've gone so far as to blame ""vote brigading"" for negative Steam reviews.https://i.imgur.com/91TgOme.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/YY0UmkZ.pngAnd of course, they don't want you to get refunds anymore.https://i.imgur.com/sDGmkYM.pnghttps://i.imgur.com/egHvklC.pngMore screenshotshttp://imgur.com/YAy7166http://imgur.com/37oZHddhttp://imgur.com/m2k53jHhttp://imgur.com/uhyNRmPhttp://imgur.com/Haoz9gghttp://gyazo.com/94c29fae2e5a8c45cd533040b4a11847Other reviews to considerhttp://steamcommunity.com/id/Omegacorp/recommended/211820/http://steamcommunity.com/id/Beat_it/recommended/211820?tscn=1404561272http://steamcommunity.com/id/sweetjbro/recommended/Don't waste your money. Buy something else, and don't support rotten indie developers."
,Not Recommended,211820,11370805,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Timberfox,Unclear development practices and poor community management; not good signs for an alpha funded game.
,Not Recommended,211820,11419201,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Kernal_Corn,refund bound would be good sequel
76561197987226085,Not Recommended,211820,11046554,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,PizzaTheHutt,"BUY AT YOUR OWN RISK. After a string of missed promises, mismanagement and spending of the long invested money of both Steam customers and Kickstarter backers, Starbound development is effecitvely dead in the water. There is little to no hope of significant updates in the near future due to the total fracas of bad business decisions made by the developing firm Chucklefish. The details of such events can be found with a few rudimentary searches.In its current state the game has a very low level of progression or content, you have a small variety of biomes with pre-generated dungeons scattered and recycled through them, arbitrary grinding walls that simulate game progression but are really just time sinks to give you the illusion of gameplay. There is little to do with the items you collect and few items or avenues to explore in game. Combat is somehow more simplistic and blase then Minecraft or Terraria given SNES style AI of walk towards the player and attack and mininmal sprite based hit detection. As far as matching to the promised scope of the game the current iteration is no where close and has little hope of ever reaching there. It is doubtful it will ever lose its ""Early Access"" moniker.You are better off purchasing Terraria or some other sandbox game as this project has unfortunately fell victim to a classic case of business failiure, I can only stress my empathy for those who unlike a traditional investment model, must watch their money be wasted. I hope any dissatisfied customers find proper avenues to retain their 15$ or more after such a mess caused by incompetence and marketing hype."
76561197985008552,Not Recommended,211820,11048645,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,McRutterbugger,"This game, once full of promise, has become an absolute trainwreck in development. The community is a fractured, foaming mess so if you were expecting mods to fix it then forget that. Chucklefish are losing their players like prune juice through a grandma. Do not buy this under any circumstances."
76561198044842943,Recommended,211820,8140588,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jim Johnston,"One of the better games of this genre considering how early this is in development, but I'd honestly wait for the early stages of this to pass so the Character wipes don't affect you, then by all means sink your money into this one...it's definitely worth it..."
,Not Recommended,211820,11283701,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Firelinist,"B*llsh*t Promise Simulator AlphaBetaRelease date:2013I mean2014.Oh wait, thef**king devspostponed the release to 2015.After 4 million dollars Kickstarter and aproximately 15 million dollars Early Access revenue absolutely nothing meaningful has been implemented.4/10 Terraria Clone with added non-existent content"
,Not Recommended,211820,11067542,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,shilliam,THEY DONT UPDATE IT ANYMORELIKE WDF0/10
,Not Recommended,211820,11399212,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ƒlüffy-Paŋts-B⊕b,"Do not waste your time and do not spend your money on this overhyped crap. I mean, do not repeat my mistake. Go play Planet Explorers instead of this."
76561198015206516,Not Recommended,211820,11383280,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Calvin,"Liked playing Terraria way more, this games gathering system is strange to me, just don't like building in it maybe because I had sinked so many hours into other games. Honestly not my type though.Really had hope for this game, but this game hasn't been receiving updates forever. kinda fell offHad potential, don't know if they'll ever finish it.For what it is, it's a fun game and has ALOT of concepts I love.If this game receives updates in the future, and actually becomes finished, i'll support it.Other than that, no. I would not reccomend you buy this game, unless it is updated."
76561198033587625,Not Recommended,211820,11405804,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,caerbannogbunny,"The game in it's self I would recommend however...Tiyl the big cheese of Chuckle Fish has no idea how to handle customers you don't abuse the people who support you and buy things from you... ""Hay yeah can I get a cheeseburger"" ""Yeah sure here it is by the way your mentally challanged"" ""Ok cool ♥♥♥♥ you from now on I'm going to macas""... He and a few others from CF have got some seriously bad press and quite frankly I think alot of people will not be buying from chuckle fish in the future because of the way they and others in the community have been treated if he handled complaints better I wouldn't give 2 ♥♥♥♥♥ when the game comes out but they abuse people cop when they whine is ridiculous there the people buying♥♥♥♥♥♥from you... If they want to be rude so be it... Suck it up be polite to them and there attitude will change and they will join your side and stop ♥♥♥♥♥ing... Treat them like♥♥♥♥♥♥and call them brain dead and of course they will continue to carry on like a frigin 3 year old... Anyways If you want to support people who seriously call there fan base brain dead and blame the lack of development on them then go ahead the game is fun I just cant stand the people behind it.UPDATE :Games worth it get it if you like terraria or other games simiar in design."
76561198093571585,Recommended,211820,23121493,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Die Schweiz,"With the 1.0 update aproaching(or its already here when you are reading this) i decided to give this game some love.First: Is it worth the money? Yes, the content you get is not only excellent but huge.What is this content?: A whole galaxy(no seriously a. whole. galaxy.) whith different planets like: Jungle, Forest, Ocean and more. You got your own spaceship to explore this galaxy(you can even upgrade it) also you can build your own settlements(Preston Garvy approved) with tons of materials, furniture and decorations wich will have impact on the settlers(example:build a castle and a knight will live there).You like weapons? no problem they got weapons, loads of them and they all have unique abilities like a laser beam or a flashlight. But you dont want to have weapons? You want someone to fight for you? Dont see a problem catch a creature with a ball and throw it(this seems familiar) .The creatures on every planet are unique in combat and looks, some arent cute and kill you others are cute and kill you.You get quests, you can explore, fight, build, eat, sleep and even the stars arent the limit(ignore the name, it lies)."
,Not Recommended,211820,11313154,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,satelitpuaka,"I should have waited until more (p)reviews were posted and/or the game is out of Early Access to buy this game. Vitriol on the developers are probably warranted. Please check some of the most voted negative reviews. They are constructive and should give you the idea of what you're going into if you're to spend your money.Maybe some day after the game is finished, I'll resume playing. But not before."
,Recommended,211820,29785379,Posted: 8 February,all,👽 Alien✨ 🌟,"Really a space exploration game, the battle with the game of monsters that you can then have mascot, and hours of fun,Lots of crafteables, I love pixelated graphics, I love all the stuff, armor and races, infinite worlds to explore with different types of biomes, and good story is best.Comprenlo cabros!! si les gusta jugar terraria, esto tiene una mecanica mucho mas cool."
,Recommended,211820,31261644,Posted: 20 April,all,Prisonmike.,The most played game in my steam library at 310 hours.  It's great to just put a podcast on relax and do one of the hundreds of things that this game has to offer.  Minecraft mixed with Megaman mixed with an amazing Sci-Fi world is the best way I can describe this game.
76561198054444999,Not Recommended,211820,11404211,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bronzing Walrus,"Update 10/01/15 -I tried the new unstable 'upbeat giraffe' beta mode and there are a lot of improvements:- Questing and instances have been added, giving direction and proper goals to gameplay- Fueling your ship is more fun now as you know exactly which planets(moons) to go to in order to gain the fuel itself, making you explore a bit while silmountaneously getting rid of the old 'chuck a load of coal in your ship' method of fueling. The new system is generally less tedious and faster, while still making you work for it.- New biomes- More dangers on planets (heat, cold, radiation, lack of oxygen etc) and tech to survive such planets- Greater variety of random dungeons/building/loot to make exploring more worthwhile- Boss encounters kind of fixed, making it harder to abuse the game and use the old cheap methods of effortlessly killing bosses.The game is heading towards a point where I will reccommend it, but because all of the benefits I listed above (and some others i've forgot) are currently in an unstable beta of a beta, I cannot bring myself to change the nature of my review just yet.OLD REVIEW:<I looked forward to this game and bought it close to release, and had a bit of fun running about in a fairly beautiful (but kind of laggy/glitchy) world.With little to work towards I found myself getting quickly bored of Starbound, and I eagerly awaited some form of meaningful patch to add some content / fix bugs. However, said meaningful patch never really came and I was left disappointed because despite this review being negative, I really wanted Starbound to succeed.In it's current state I simply don't think Starbound is worth your cash. Theres a lot of stigma and negativity flying around lately where devs are claming they 100% ARE working to finish starbound and members of the community are strongly disagreeing with that claim.tl;dr : wait it out. If you insist on buying, do your research first to make sure you won't be disappointed.>"
,Not Recommended,211820,11351675,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,CrImSoN,"If you're considering getting this game.  Wait.  Wait, till it is finished and released.The current gear scaling is pretty steep.  It's very easy to make your own gear that quicly removes any challenge what-so-ever.Each new planet you can travel to, is basicly the same and offers very little different from the planet you just left.PVE is either encredibly easy or very hard with little reward.Broken promises, horrible PR, and some outright lies, leave me with a bad taste in my mouth from this developer.It even seems that the publisher is trying to wash their hands of this.There's potential there, but will it ever come to fruition?  Only time will tell."
76561198006939104,Not Recommended,211820,11680271,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Singularity,"Dev said full version would be released in 2013; later in 2014 dev said current state is just a tech demo, after a few days said it's ready for 1.0 release. Dev used kickstarter and EA money to publish other games instead of use on Starbound development. Borrow ideas from others/Mod and poorly implement them if implemented at all. Avoid Chucklefish."
76561198035663093,Not Recommended,211820,29010931,Posted: 4 January,all,Archaon the Neverchosen,"I had high hopes for this since I bought it in beta, but the deveopers overextended and cut their losses into one boring, homogenous, ""you have to stop an ancient evil!"" storyline, instead of the ""you break down in the middle of nowhere and have to make the best of it, explore the galaxy"" thing it had previously. All races are the same except for looks, and things like the race unique ship AI have all been removed. The content that it does have can be quite fun at times, but I can't help feeling a prospective buyer would do better getting something like Terraria instead."
,Recommended,211820,31049451,Posted: 9 April,all,Zyennai,I think that it is a honestly great game. I like the mechanics in it and like how there is not a set path. An example would be in Terreria which is also another great game but has a very set path with items that you know you show get  everthime you restart. Though with Starbound there is not a set path is which you can just find new weapons and armor. You don't have to focus on collceting materials as often to create weapons. Though you still have to make armor.It is also very easy to create mods and obtain them without having to go into the code or anything else. Which makes it a very mod friendly game that has many great mods from many different creators. One of these such are Fracking Universe which changes the game a lot and alows you to play the game again after finishing it once and allowing you to find a whole new feel. There are also just other mods that don't change the game as much but just improve the experience.In summary it is a very immersive game that has led me into many hours of gameplay. It is also Co-Op so you can easily play the game with your friends and have a great time.
76561198119648635,Recommended,211820,18553053,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Rydrial,Starbound is a game about traveling galaxies and has terraria influenced gameplay. Whats not to love? You start by choosing 1 of 7 races and customize it. You start on your ship and than the game will tell you how to progress for the first half. The boss battles are challenging to complete. You have thousands of planets to explore. This game has flaws like slow progression which impacts my opinion as I like games more fast paced.In the end though I rate this game as 9/10. It is a must-play for enthusiast of the genre.
,Not Recommended,211820,11610134,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,dedicated to suffering,"You've heard of the Starbound Video game.We all have, the promises, the lies.Some foolishness about it lying in the middle of a development hell.A city of memes.Beneath an iron fist.a bright, shining monument, reaching out, luring gullible gamers to their doom. An illusion.A promise that you can change your games. Begin again.Playing it, though, that's not the hard part.It's letting go."
76561198121530856,Not Recommended,211820,11369800,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Joy Hickey,"Still waiting on a finished product that was promised in late 2013.  Apparently millions of pre-release dollars can fund Dev plane tickets to England and a new spiffy office, yet collaboration on a promised finished game seems light-years away.Visit the official forum thread here and judge for yourself:http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/some-thoughts-on-early-access-release-dates-the-big-1-0.82173/page-2"
,Not Recommended,211820,12690760,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,bobrocks007,"I know it's an early-access game, but a bit more content would have been great before it was out for purchase.  The last time I played it, there were a lot of placeholders for the item descriptions.  Combat and mining are a bit wonky and they don't really compare to that of Terraria.  Graphics are okay, but don't really do much for me.  Never made it off the first planet and couldn't be bothered to collect all the materials to make the first boss.  Also, the fact that you have tomakea boss is a bit ridiculous.  I can understand finding an item or completing some action to summon a boss, but finding all the materials to craft it is tedious.  And if you don't beat it, you're stuck finding all the materials again.  I'd avoid this game for now, until there are more updates and improvements."
,Recommended,211820,21978836,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PKOwl,"I recommend this game 3 folds, it has one of thebest communities I have ever seen in a game. Also, if you go into a multiplayer server, people will help you and some even create bands and play music together. In singleplayer, there's so much to do, i found myself staying up all night everyday for the first week i got the game. Although the character wipes have been getting annoyig, i hear they are not scheduling any more. So 11/10 totally get this game if you can."
,Not Recommended,211820,24648243,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ᑫᵘᵒⁿᵗᵃⁿᶦᵘᵐ,"It's nice that you added a decent story, but all the quests now just feel like filler, including the sidequests.I want to love this game, but I really can't anymore.I remember when campfires were used as heat, and there was actually a point in moving to other planets other than just making a b-line to the nearest fiery star or frozen star, just to click on some objects to complete the quest, and then defeat a dungeon and then move onto the next star.This game used to be great. There was actually a reason to go to some random♥♥♥♥♥planet in the middle of no where, but now there's literally no point other than to make a colony, which I don't even see how it's useful in anyway.If you like a very short main story, this is a great game for you. If you like a game with a good long story that actual feels like an achievement doing stuff, don't get this game, or maybe you should have back a few updates ago.I have to say, it's a fun game, and it's a change from Minecraft or Terraria, or any other sandbox games, but until the devs fix the problems many others have stated, it's not worth buying.In the current state that this game is in, I do not recommend it, but if Chucklefish were to ever fix these problems, definitely get this game.Please Chucklefish, fix this game. It has so much potential to be an amazing game, but you've just wasted it.5.5/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,10043064,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ragnasal,"When I first bought Starbound in Janurary, I had high hopes for the game.The races were interesting, the environment was bright and detailed, and the building system was decent for the most part.I am not recommending this game for the following reasons:-It is now May, and the last official update was made in February.-The combat system is stagnant and repetitive.-Building needs to be fleshed out even more.-Many of the proposed 'features' that Starbound advertises have yet to come to fruition, and the devlogs on the official site have been silent since March.I loved this game when it came out, but sadly it is a dead and hollow husk now that the developers are simply leaving to stagnate and rot.I do not recommend this game, and after nearly five months of silence I would enjoy a refund. A game that no longer gets worked on has no place in the Early Access."
,Not Recommended,211820,11969932,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Salith,"Unless there is a major update that actually makes this game into what was promised/envisioned, DO NOT buy this game. This game is so far from finished that it is now a joke. Updates have stalled and the developers do not seem to want to communicate in any meaningful way. Instead, we have had 1 post apologising (kind-of) about the stall of development.DO NOT BUY THIS UNTIL THEY FIX IT!"
,Recommended,211820,27244562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,tritiumosu,"Starbound is super chill, amazingly complex, and fun to play. Play it. No, really. Just play it. Come on."
76561198014130009,Not Recommended,211820,10058694,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Snake of Antioch,Chucklefish are hardworking nice people. The updates come fast of course nearly every day! Everything that was promised is being fulfilled.
,Recommended,211820,19123511,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Nebby,"Starbound is a game in which you can lose hours upon hours having so much fun that you can barely sleep without thinking about it.edit: Now that the game has fully released, I feel I need to add some more things to my review. This game has evolved in many ways, and still is. For a game that is so simple, it really has a certain depth that you can't help but get hooked onto. Singleplayer and multiplayer are both really fun to do and I hope that all that start playing this game enjoy everything that is has to offer along with the mods that community members have worked hard to share with us. Enjoy the ride."
76561198063013341,Not Recommended,211820,22752543,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Dr.Shit-A-Crit™,"If Starbound was a Simulation game, it would be called ""False Promises: The Experience""At first the game was very promising. It had quite a bit of content to start with, and there was more coming.Then the promised content got delayed. Then it got delayed again. Any updates we got were just filler to make it look like the game was actually going somewhere. On top of that, those updates constantly killed mods, servers, and save files. I revisited the game recently, and I can safely say that it is not any better than it was when it originally launched, in some ways it's even worse than it was originally.The game falls under the same problem that a lot of Early Access games have, where the devs say ""Hey we aren't going to be like all the other Early Access people, we care about who buys the game and will make a lot of updates!""In short, they are exactly like those people. Games like Starbound are the exact reason that the Steam refund feature exist. If I could refund the game now, I would do so without any regrets."
,Recommended,211820,24890692,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Witch Cat,"Ok, so Starbound, it's fun! I mean, you can build, craft, fight, etc. Like Terraria, but in SPAAAAAAAAAACE! Or that's what people say, that Starbound is just Terraria in space. Which is false, to me anyway. Starbound is so much more open-ended, expansive, etc. than Terraria (In my opinion anyway). Anyway, now for my reasons as to why you should get the game.Just Came out of Early Access.A lot of people before were whining about how little there was to do, but now that it updated to 1.0, you can expect a buttload of stuff! I have reached the endgame, and I still haven't discovered everything myself. So there will be no shortage of content.Easy ModdingAnd if you hypothetically do discover everything in the game, there is a very active community just pumping out mods which are as simple to download as a click of a button! Hell, you can even modify and make your own weapons/items with a program like StarCheat which is so easy to do, even I managed to do it!In-depth ExplorationMany people complain that all the planets are very similar, and I think that's because they just skim the surface of the planet and then claim it's not original enough. I'm sure if they took the time to look the planet over, you'll discover so many cool places and strangely unique NPCS. Just give it a chance before you hop onto the next Radioactive Star.Story/CharactersOk, so serious talk here, shame on anyone who says the story is too simple, like seriously screw you. You should not be expecting Oscar worthy writing from a game based on exploration, and adventure. It's a wise decision by the Devs to allow the game's story to be simple, and allow it promote exploration. I won't spoil the story here, but honestly get the game and experience it yourself. The story and characters, simple as they may be, are extremely colourful and fun, trust me.Better than TerrariaIt's better than Terraria.Oh and another point, stop comparing Starbound to Terraria. ""But waah they're both games with pixel graphics and crafting and-"" No shut up. You should never compare games together unless if they are extremely similar, and Starbound and Terraria are two totally different experiences. Yes, so what if they both have pixel graphics and crafting? Just because they share just those two aspects is so ground to start comparing the two. Next, you'll be telling me Terraria is just 2D Minecraft, seriously, stop it.Well, that was my first review. A few final words. Honestly, just get Starbound now, even if you like it just a little. It's a wonderful, and colourful experience unlike any other which really deserves more attention, And c'mon, it's only 10 bucks.(PS, that last point about Starbound being better than Terraria was meant to be a joke, not an actual point as to why you should get the game.)EDIT: BTW Thanks to the guy who pointed out some grammatical mistakes I made."
76561197997476725,Not Recommended,211820,18271386,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,ncostes,"I have 300 hrs on Terraria playing w/friends and family. We enjoyed it so much I bought 2 4-packs to play w/my family. Once we finished expert mode on Terraria, we were excited about Starbound because one of the devs on Terraria created Starbound. I bought 2 4-packs of Starbound to play w/my family. We haven't installed them all. The game is just boring, the combat is repetitive and pointless, the bosses are not worth fighting once, much less more than once. Worst of all are the mobs. They could all be the same. It doesn't matter if you procedurally generate many more things if they are all essentially the same boring thing underneath. Oh look a rat pig bird. Hey an eyeball dinosaur. You fight every single mob the same way and they fight essentially the same way. It just doesn't much matter.Infinite is not better. A well planned out, designed, crafted finite world with finite monster types with well designed and balanced mechanics is MUCH better than inifnite, procedurally generated junk. I don't want to play Starbound anymore, it's no fun. It doesn't matter that the universe is infinite. If it's boring, it doesn't matter.Can't wait for Terraria: Otherworld and Terraria 2. Hope someday Starbound gets better, it has potential, but right now it is just boring. I regret my purchase."
76561197998055733,Not Recommended,211820,11075838,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Overheader,"Short update 9/10/2015:Seems Chucklefish has no idea where they are taking this game... They just keep adding filler content, ignoring the core, whilst making game easier and easier (hunger and environment hazard removed, ship expansion added) which makes doing certain things pointless (hunting monsters, building bases)... I honestly see no reason to go full-on back to this game, and if this headless direction continues, I see no reason to recommend this game neither...pre 9/10/2015:I bought this game when it was new, and it starts to be over 6 months ago. First month or so this game saw two to three updates that included character wipes and somewhat new content. Ever since that third and ""last"" wipe according to devs, there have been no real patches.About 3 months after release of this game, devs said slow updates were due to their studio being relocated. Okay, seems they got some dosh from starbound, maybe they´ll be now productive in their new studio, I tought.Now, last month after 5 months of no patches, this game saw ""nightly"" mode update, which is supposed to be sandbox mode that players can mess with and get latest content updates while devs actively update it. I have to concur with many critics, this is HIGHLY lazy way to patch and update your game, instead of feature patches they give us sandbox where you get your weapons with console codes if you dont want to grind. Well, this ""update"" truly is ""Nightly"", as it now every time I log into steam downloads and updates itself, but for some reason, they just don´t get it to stable. It crashes for me on launch, and as far as I have read community hub, I have not read a single comment that says it works and launches the game properly.I don´t really have any faith in this game anymore. It was quite fun-ish grind-a-thon 20 hours I played with few friends who I had been waiting with drool on our mouths for starbound all hyped up. But at it´s current state, this game really is nothing but grind-a-thon. It´s like terraria in space, except worlds feel empty and bosses dull.With starbound, I think this is slowly turning out to be second Early Access game that I actually had faith in, but just wont be really finished and promises fullfilled. I´m not surprised if this game gets in all silence 1.0 update next 6 months or so, and then starbound devs will pull what stardrive dev did and announce that they are working on bigger and better starbound 2."
76561198022867449,Not Recommended,211820,11951061,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Messo,Still waiting...
,Not Recommended,211820,12635464,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,1920s Skeleton,"Just play Terraria.I'm sorry, but Starbound really doesn't warrant the $15 price tag. The building is tedious, the monsters are unfair, the menus and blocks are too small, and Mining takes too long, and worst of all, THERE ARE NO UPDATES THAT FIX ANY OF THIS. For a far better experience for $5 less, play Terraria.I wanted to like it, honest.-15 wasted dollars/10"
76561197971496409,Not Recommended,211820,10495923,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Sweet KK,"Don't buy this game untill it is fully released, and even then with caution. Devs released to beta and claimed the updating schedule would be ""hot and heavy"". What we instead got was SIX MONTHS+ without updates, all they have done with the 20mil the raked up was buy office space and start publishing other peoples games. Any negative criticism of their game results in a ban on any forums they administer.Extremely shady business practices beware!As for the positives, this game can be very fun, upon release I was satisfied as I played with the assumption there would be regular updates to the game. The modding community is amazing, and they are hard at work salvaging gameplay from what sometimes feels like an abandoned game. If we do finally get updates again I will probably reccomend this game wholeheartedly. This is an early access review and as such I can only say I wouldn't ever trust buying a chucklefish early access game again.TLDR: Don't buy early access, wait for the full release (Late 2015 if we are lucky)"
76561198026288823,Not Recommended,211820,11381388,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Jeb!,"God damn it. This game had so much potential. I don't have a lot of positives to give on my pros/cons list, but I'll try.+Interesting  theme+Tons of items/weapons to find and create+Lots of NPCs-Almost NEVER updates. (Since I bought the game in January, the game has updated about 3 times. That's it.)-Gets old and repetitive very quickly-Horribly optimized-One of the worst Dev teams ever (I swear they never work on anything. Don't give me that ""small indie team"" Unturned has been on steam for no more than a month and has 2x as much content as this. Also, it has ONE DEV. AND HE'S 16 YEARS OLD. WTF)-"
,Recommended,211820,29236375,Posted: 13 January,all,My Family,"My Experiences With StarboundStarbound has changed so much since the 1.0 Update and has changed the game into a great way! Starbound offers a lot to explore, find, craft, and kill to gain better equipment for your next mission!However Before You Go Buying...Please do note that Starbound is growing and morphing, there are cons to it.There will not be much after you have ""completed"" the game. However the game does not prevent you from building to your hearts content on what ever planet you want to build onCollecting ores may be a task for someDurasteel.Proformance may be an issue on low end computers, however you can look up some good guides on how to improve FPS, such as disabling Vsync, Resolution, Brightness, etcMy Experience With MutliplayerMultiplayer will go 2 ways, it will be the best, and most entertaining time with your friends as you ride your hoverbikes into the sunset, however as how my friends and myself have noticed is that there are occasional lag spikes with and without a dedicated server which may cause issues for some.Overall 8.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,25175132,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Capcat,"Y'all saying this games not as good as it used to be, lmao.At the time of writing this review i have somewhere around 700-800 hours in starbound. its an ok gameyes things have changedyes there was neat things in the beta.thats the thing it was a beta. not everything is going to be the same.honestly i think the new version is pretty ok, because i got bored of the old versions. to be fair it could have been better. but yall are saying this is the better no mans sky.no mans sky is 60 dollarsthis is 15 dollarsstop expecting gold to come out of 15 dollarsheck look what 60 dollars got no mans sky"
,Not Recommended,211820,25503672,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Tripping Pug,"Time to rewrite this old thing now since it's out of EA.  Let's start with an admittedly bad metaphor.Imagine you see a food stand that makes sandwiches.  They have only one kind of sandwich, the 'Mystery Sub,' but it's promised to have the ingredients you like on it.  Specifically, pickles, butter, and white american cheese, with just a little bit of mayo.  It's also pretty cheap, so you order a sandwich.  You're told it'll be ready in five minutes.Those five minutes go by, but still no sandwich.  So you go up and ask about it and the guy at the stand says he just started in the food service industry yesterday, and he misjudged how long it would take.  Since he's just starting out and he says it'll be the best sandwich ever, you decide to give him the benefit of the doubt and wait for a little while.After half an hour of waiting, he finally gives you your sandwich.  You decide to open it to see what's in the 'best sandwich ever,' and you take a look at it.Mayo.  Lots of mayo.  With one pickle, a big glob of butter, and half a piece of that awesome cheese you like all placed in different corners on the bread, covered in that white goop.  In other words, it's technically what you ordered, but it's not half as good as you expected it to be, and was given to you in much more time than you were told it was going to take originally.Starbound is that sandwich.  It has everything they said it would have; exploration, building, even a few dark themes.  So technically everything they said it would be.  But there isn't nearly enough of that stuff, and mostly samey fetch quests and grinding.  The all-important story is shallow and derivative, with every quest pretty much being 'scan random crap, go though dungeon, kill boss.'  Rinse and repeat.Over all, it's not a bad game.  It has plenty of stuff to keep you busy for a while, with tons of cosmetics and building items.  I would even say the building system is better and more fun than Terraria.  But there just isn't enough of everything else that would make it fun and unique; as the old saying goes, it's as wide as an ocean and as deep as a puddle.There's plenty of bad stuff that happened in development; with the devs, with the missed release dates, and plenty of other problems.  I'm not going to go into it here; if you haven't heard of all the problems with the development and the devs themselves and are interested, you can look it up yourself.  God knows you'd get a better explanation from anyone other than me.So I'll judge it on what it has in it now, not what happened in development in the past.  And for me, in it's current state it's a resounding 'meh.'  Good for one or two playthoughs, but you'll probably get bored of it before you even get to experience most of the main features.  I still haven't even tried the colony stuff, and I did very little farming after 1.0.  It's only fifteen bucks though, so if you think thirty or so hours is enough for that price, then go for it I guess.  Will you get as much play out of it as, say, Terraria though?  No, probably not.I'm sure I've 'gotten my money's worth' out of it while it was in EA, but I still don't like the game much, so I'm giving it a negative review.  Maybe a 4 or 5 out of 10 for me."
,Not Recommended,211820,10458812,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,rBrink,"THIS REVIEW IS MOSTLY OBJECTIVE AND MAY CHANGE AT A LATER DATE SINCE THIS GAME IS STILL IN EARLY ACCESSRUNDOWN (For if you don't want to read the entire thing)Score 55/100Only play with at least 2 other players""Fun time"" 5 - 10 hrs  15 - 20 hrs with friends ,the rest is a bit of a grindDOWNSIDES!Starbound is fun for the first 5-10 hrs but after you get some time into this game everything becomes a big grind for the next tier and it just becomes :1 FIND ORE & COAL2 UPGRADE3 REPEATThe customization is amazing and is something i wish to see in more games these days however it does not really matter what race you chose the only thing it really changes is what ""special food"" you can eat.Fun facts from the store page (Big fat lies)Key Features:6 playable races TRUE Altough they do not differ very muchA procedurally generated universe with unlimited procedurally generated planets   TRUEAll content available in online drop in/drop out co-op   TRUE Of course all content is availeable in MPGenerated dungeons full of unique enemies   FALSE Unique , no every dungeon type has the same enemies EVERY TIME AGAINRandomly generated monsters   FALSE I have seen the same exact monsters walk different planetsThousands of items    TRUE Altough none of them are really interestingA deep crafting system   TRUEPVP gameplay    EDIT : TRUE But not made clearOwn and decorate your own Starship   TRUE Altough very limitedDevelop your own home planet   TRUE But be sure not to lose it -_-Menacing boss battles   FALSE They are all rediciously easyProcedurally generated guns and melee weapons   TRUEFarming, hunting and survival mechanics   TRUEBuilt from the ground up to support modding   TRUE I thinkOngoing free updates   FALSE lawlMulti-platform multiplayer  TRUE?PROS?This game can be very enjoyeable with friends as it extends the game's ""Fun Time"" by just that little bitActual Fun Features (AFF)*The musical instrumentsThey are something worth checking out especially with some friends because the ""Band"" function allows you to play the same song as your friends witch leads to some of the most fun i've had in starbound*MultiplayerMultiplayer is grasped like not many other games do for example ;You just connected to a server , you chop some trees , find some coal and get off the first planetAs you pick your planet you feel a scence of mystery : Am i going to run into another player?Then you beam down to the planet hoping for intelligent life or maybe a pal to go on adventures with.And therefore giving exploration a purpose that singleplayer lacks.*TechExploring planets for tech is most certainly entertaining but actually finding tech and using it is way better it adds a extra dimension to the game that i feel other games are lacking"
76561197996600208,Not Recommended,211820,11185612,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Fortar,"Bugs Bugs Bugs, The Devs do nothing to fix it. I understand it is in Beta. Though there are bugs that have been occuring for months with no fixes! Would not recommend at all."
,Not Recommended,211820,25096329,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Awesome X,I wish I could play the game as it was 3 years ago in early access. It felt to me like they crippled an amazing sandbox game in order to shove in a mediocre story.
,Not Recommended,211820,11158442,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,lemmingsss12,No new content for a long time.Visually nice but very repetitive.Alot of fluff yet very little substance.So much drama from the developers.If I could get a refund I would.
,Recommended,211820,30215312,Posted: 27 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,I can finally live my life long dream of being a vegetable man!
76561198059520205,Not Recommended,211820,12186183,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Irishbulletz,"Not a bad game, just unfinished. (I know it's Early Access, but still.)Might be worth a purchase when it fully releases."
76561197992304258,Recommended,211820,34876679,Posted: 10 September,all,Phenian,My kid loves this game. It's been great playing it together. I would highly recommend this game for family time. It can be peaceful and relaxing. Only going after bosses is what makes this game stressul. Peacefully explore to your hearts content :)
,Not Recommended,211820,9690037,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Spiucrus | Baldur,"I defintly do not recommend this game unless you want to start over and over because your account characters will get deleted (same with in-game-items)It is still in beta mode, so do not waste any money at this even if it looks fun, it might look fun, but you will have to restart any gameplay you start in any possible way due to it being in beta, they will acuse BETA for everything that happens and will help you no further than you can help yourself with anything that happens to your in-game: characters/items/build-creations, etc..And the admins of this game / moderators when contacting support. Pretty much spoiled with power and very, very, very immature when it comes to handeling things that has to do with their net-job as moderators/support contact questions."
,Not Recommended,211820,11682332,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,meep,"Please read this if you're gonna get the game. I really love starbound. I really do. but it's extremly repetitive with little to no updates,  abusive forum mods blaming ""critisicsm"" for halting thier progres which is not at all whats delaying it, the devs are lazy and barely do anythingTL:DR Games great, devs are lazy people who can't take critisiscm"
,Not Recommended,211820,12824635,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Nagittchi,"The only thing I can remember from this lack-of-updates games is that Chucklefish intensifying his chuckles as he runs away with my money.Don't ever touch early access, kids."
,Not Recommended,211820,11607880,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Axiluvia,"What can I complain about that already hasn't been stated? It's been gone over that the developers are lazy, blame the community, and have decided that one screenshot and half a paragraph of nothing in particular counts as an ;update'. It's made over 2 million in it's kickstarter, and over 15 in the first MONTH, so it's not like they should have ANY excuse not to get cracking, besides the fact they're just lazy.Oh, and apparently none of that massive budget got put towards a QA department. The last content update was in March. For a VALENTINES update. And it was almost all vanity items. And during that time, they released a patch with one of the WORST POSSIBLE bugs in this time of game; about half your chests, or ANY storage unit would crash the game if you simply CLICKED on it.For a game that needs you to hoard a lot of stuff for crafting and building, this was INSANE. The ""hotfix"" (aka a patch that  is supposed to come out ASAP) didn't come out until a couple DAYS later. And guess what? ALL those bugged chests were deleted. Gone, vanished, no way to get your stuff back.What did the devs say to this? Basically ""Tough♥♥♥♥♥♥ you should have made a backup of your world before our patches? You didn't? Well, you're a retard, aren't you?""Don't buy this. It's an empty shell of a game, and I'd bet hard money that Terraria 2 will probably be out and finished before this game is."
,Not Recommended,211820,29227077,Posted: 13 January,all,Ryder,"I really wanted to enjoy this game, I really did. But the problem was it gets really boring after about 15-18 hours. Once you get to the top teir armours and weapons (not a long time) there really isn't much to do. The story is very repetitive and finding the villages is just boring. I played this with a friend so I may have gotten a few more hours if I played by myself, but the only reason we bought the game was to play together, so that's wouldn't have happened. If you're looking for a short game to play then sure, go ahead and buy it, but personally, unless it's a story only game, I wouldn't recommend a game with less than 50 hours play time + still enjoying it after. I was dissapointed with the play time I got out of it. I liked the time I did play but it just gets so boring."
76561198045947407,Not Recommended,211820,22516953,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Ectasion,"Terraria in space? Not even close!This is a good example of what happens when a game gets too much hype, ( like DayZ ) gets overrated and exaggerated,( like DayZ) and the company  takes too much advantage of the so called ""Early Access Game"" feature (like DayZ again!) it's like game companies use it as something to fall back on nowdays!It's been a couple of years and I feel as if Stabound hasn't progressed that much at all, it's still somewha bland, boring, and most of it still has no replay value at all. It just ends up feeling very generic and repetitive after you play for a while.  (Progression still feels unsatisfying)I wouldn't be expecting this game to be better in the near future since Chucklefish would rather use the time to make another game like Waywardtide or publish other games instead of finishing this one at all. Who knows? Maybe at the time Starbound gets finished they would already be releasing 10 more games.Sure, we can all be optimistic and say Starbound has potential, but after seeing how much has  progressed since 2013, I still can't recommend it to others.At least it was only 15$"
,Not Recommended,211820,10784041,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lawrance Cohen,"This game is nothing but dissapointment. Terrible game play, ""retro"" graphics (AKA the devs are just lazy), a community that will actively refuse to help anyone figure out anything and devs that seem to hate their player base. Only buy this game if you want to waste your money."
,Not Recommended,211820,11619864,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Kromulous,"If you like this game for what it is and nothing more, go ahead. Treat this as a finished title and not Early Access, because this game has not received a single official update in 4 months. Don't buy it if you're excited what the devs say it's going to be."
,Recommended,211820,24468423,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Egg Sandwich,"After spending a while on this game and seeing it finally come out of early access, I can say its not bad.PROS+Terraria in space+Space Wizards+Races+Great Modding communityCONS-Erichius Horror-CRAFTING TIMES (why did they add them)-Hotbar sucks"
,Not Recommended,211820,13026326,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Soulless,"Update  (March 2016)So, I wrote this review over a year ago now and...yep...game is still in ""early access"". Loaded it up briefly today (but it crashed on load, good start) while i had a read of some of my fellow players reviews,  and well....it seems like it's just gone even further downhill from where it was when I posted the earlier review below.Still doesn't seem like we have ship customisation/upgrading? That was one of the early promises they made for content.I actually enjoyed going through the different regions (Alpha/Beta/Delta) back in the day, but they've removed these which makes the universe feel a bit more generic and limited.Once again, the fact it's still in EA a year after my last review, and was initially ""released"" a further year before that...that's not a good sign for a game.My recommendation is still as it was before: Don't get this game until they finish it, if they ever do.Original Review (Dec 2014)So much has been promised with this game, but so much hasn't been delivered- various dates for release stages have been pushed back (often repeatedly), much hyped content (ship upgrades, etc) has never been implemented.It's easy to get pretty much high-end gear and have a huge fortress of your own built *full* of scavenged/crafted furniture/chests/etc without much game time- the number of hours I've spent on this game is including several times where patches broke save files, so I had to start again, and a lot of time leaving the game running while I go and do other things.As of currently, there hasn't been a proper content update in quite a while (not counting the ""night"" updates, which are sort of unstable unofficial patches/updates. So it's beginning to seem like this game will never be truely completed, and therefore never follow up on all it's promise, which makes me sad as it started off seeming awesome."
,Not Recommended,211820,12515269,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Sid1120,"Long story short : get TERRARIA.---The main designer, Tiy, left Terraria in order to create this game.He tried to steal the genre away from the original series, but failed, as the core mechanics are awful.Key-binding, combat, movement, UIs, progression...They are all failing.The nice stuff this game brings (content, spaceships, yada-yada) is meaningless if it's hidden behind an unplayable gameplay.Like a 5star restaurant serving hot soup... to be eaten with your hands..."
,Recommended,211820,24479923,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Peyo,"I have this game from long ago, I have been waiting for 1.0 so that I can follow a formal story... and is amazing, I love exploring, building, growing a farm, finding objects and making a museum, getting all the pets (pokemons?), searching for better weapons, cooking, doing quests... I have played Terraria, Junk Jack and Starbound, I love the 3 of them, each one is different. I could say starbound has lot of depth, love it!I always play with someone, I use the Linux versio and she the windows one, both work fine.10/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,11436825,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Yoshi 🌵,The game is dead and the devs stopped working on it
,Not Recommended,211820,12482836,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,karmafarmer,Devs didn't keep to their word.The game could have been great but they blew it.
76561198037605185,Not Recommended,211820,11440321,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Klan,"Discount Terraria. Buy only if it's on sale.3/10 seen before, done better."
76561198034177449,Not Recommended,211820,24558716,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,bloodymonarch,"The game is terrible. They ripped all meaningful content out of the game and all that is left is a husk. They probably did this to hit 1.0 ""release"".The devs don't take criticism well. I don't recommend buying this game.Oh, and the storyline is pretty much Star Wars but with a giant orb with tentacles instead of an orb of laser cannons.Hero has home wrecked, older wiser teacher gives purpose, older wiser teacher had student who turned dark side, hero goes on journey to gain strength, hero fights evil student, hero defeats big evil thing saving the galaxy/universe."
,Not Recommended,211820,17174310,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Terrastrike,"My friend dearly wanted me to play Starbound, so I did.  Biggest waste of $15 in my life. This game is so bare-bones. If you are wanting a good game, go play Terraria."
76561198012034428,Not Recommended,211820,11443799,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Tieral,"I think I've had this game for about a year and it's still in early access. The updates are not as ""fast and furious"" as the consumer may have been led to believe. For this reason I can not recommend this until it's release properly. Otherwise it has a lot of potential as a creative sandbox."
,Not Recommended,211820,11074855,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Human Cheesecake,"Terraria rip-off. Not only that but there's no more updates being planned anymore, so basically you end up with an eternally-unfinished clone of another game that's CHEAPER on the market. Early Access is still a new thing but games such as these really show it in a negative light, so if you ever wanted to play some 2D Minecraft (don't know why you would), just get Terraria."
76561198040472911,Not Recommended,211820,11250711,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Rolf The Son Of A Shepherd,very boring xD
,Not Recommended,211820,12038873,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,AWACS,"The developers constantly silence people on their steam forums, and forums.And if it isn't their developers, it is the fourm mods, which have banned people for even critique.Usually ends up like this: 'I think X is bad, because Y' ( BANNED. Reason: 'bad'. )Before a wild fanboy appears, you can literally google this. I will not hold your hand, do it yourself.Game is not going anywhere, they're already working on another game too.( Apparently it's another team in the same company, as if there even was anyone working on it in Starbound in the first place. )EDIT2.0: It's been a LONG time and yet still none of the promises were expanded upon, and the game's current population are fanboys or people who are angry, still waiting for a product.-REVIEW-Starbound is very linear, with no real goals on what to do other than: 'Collect stuff, make better stuff.'There is no real incentive to play beyond that, as building is mostly pointless as you will leave worlds behind, as you should be travelling across the whole galaxy of space and whatever.The quest system is very under-utilized ( as of which, they have stated that they will add more for 1.0 )and even if they do add more quests, the question changes to: 'Will it ever be worked on far enough to be interesting and add value to the game?'Outside of it's initial charm, which comes from the 'immersive' part of the game, the game can get old rather quickly, as there currently isn't enough material to keep you interested in the lore of the game, and there isn't enough quests/dialogue to keep you wanting to stay around the towns/villages/airships, which again, comes down to lack of content. There are plenty of descriptions, which are a nice touch to the 'immersion' factor, and the player will actually move as if they were talking. There's also a ton of references, which will entertain some. Some references are VERY obvious, while others are a bit more subtle, however, still obvious.But that isn't enough to keep players interested for long.There's survival elements into this game that require you to eat, be warm, and of course, remain in good health ( so nothing completely ruins your day ).However, this adds to the linear part of the game.You make armor, it protects you, you make better armor, it protects you better, and now you are a bit more warm. As for food, you can get food almost anywhere, making it more of a annoyance than an actual survival element. And I do mean anywhere, you can kill animals on the moon if you needed to.The combat works in a good concept, it's actually better than Skyrim. You'll need to actually attempt to stay alive, as enemies are dangerous enough to overwhelm you, until you are geared.There are various types of weapons in Starbound.Spears - Good for pokingSwords - Good for stabbingGuns - Good for shootingBows - Good for Huntingand various other tools of violence, all at your disposal.Currently, the enemy isn't programmed far enough to actually require tactical use of the weapons.The best use is simply to get a ranged weapon and kite the opponent.If an opponent could require certain use of weapons, ( perhaps teamwork )then this would be very interesting.Shooting a monster, while it turns to deflect you, while an ally stabs it in the back with a spear, avoiding it's protruding spikes and toxic clouds.There is the standard mining. Not much to explain there.Cutting down trees actually falls over. Rather than combusting. +1 Immersion.Items; they are everywhere.There are plenty of items and upgrades within Starbound that really change the game.However, your luck is based on whether you go to the right planet or not.Whether you got lucky with the RNG, or maybe you looked for a good planet on the internet, there will still be many pointless planets in which you do nothing but look for a giant monster that has red particles near it. Then you kill it and get a weapon with special properties, which are pretty fun to use. My personal favorite was the bonehammer, which let you slam with a melee attack, while at the same time, launching bones at the enemy.Speaking of items and upgrades( called techs ); there are some pretty cool finds that let you do certain things.Using a quick dash, or maybe creating a bubble to help you levitate, those help with the game's combat, adding a bit of excitement. But, again, there simply isn't enough to use, losing out on any potential diversity.The game's modding scene is extremely good, but, as this is a review of the base game, we will not discuss mods as part of the game. The modders of Starbound have done some excellent work and have added many things that players have wanted. If you did pick up Starbound and regret it, you may have a chance using the player created mods, which would help you gather some value out of the game.Now, you have all of those cool stuff in a sci-fi world. 'What more do I need?' - No one, ever.There's the giant problem of the game not being finished, and not currently having enough meta-game. The lack of content really strains the game, a moment where dynamic missions would be very influential. Right now, the only real content there is, is based on the sole existance of player creativity, and mechanics. Once a player has exhausted either, ( which they will, unless you have a never-ending supply of drugs. ) they will then have nothing to do. Yes, there are quests, but how long will those really last the player? Will they be lengthy enough to continue playing, and will they successfully hook the player? The lack of a true meta-game really shows after just beating the first boss, and is very evident after you get to the last sector.'Oh, you can uh-uh-uh build a b-b-base!'But what purpose does it serve me, other than for more storage?Other than searching for dungeons ( then raiding them after hopefully finding one )and beating all of the bosses in the game and crafting the linear-upgrades of items, what more can you REALLY do?"
,Not Recommended,211820,11111108,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Makaveli,"The hype is over, and so are the updates. The devs made alot of money off of the people, and left us with a shell of a game. The launcher was bugged so if you see people with high amounts of playtime be aware it was because of a launcher glitch. This game is not recommended. Maybe check on it in 2 years or so, and see if Chucklefish actually puts together the game they led us all to believe they were making."
76561197993212542,Not Recommended,211820,11647097,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Iron Raptor,"NOT recommended.  There was such great potential for this game to be great, but as it sits, it's not worth it.  The game balance is just not very managed, and on top of this, all the features that they planned to add in haven't even been implemented, I haven't seen an update in months.As much as I want to recommend this game, the Early Access just doesn't warrant any improvements to justify it, wait until it actually comes OUT of Early Access."
76561198053913631,Recommended,211820,34366496,Posted: 19 August,all,fluffy dragon prince,My friend told me to buy this game years ago and I have never regreted it. While the base game is constantly updating and extreamly fun I 100% recomend using the workshop to download mods cause they make the game more interesting and more your play style whether you play casually or like harder games.
,Not Recommended,211820,13665717,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Dejitarukitsune,"Terrarria in space. Sounds cool right? Eh, not so much. Starbound is a 2D sidescroller survival sandbox that looks almost exactly like Terrarria. Sure, you can hop from planet to planet, collecting rescources, fighting native wildlife, etc., but the smoothness of the game itsself is why I don't recommend this game. Chucklefish has promised hard and fast updates, yet where are they? When was the last time the game got a stable update anyway? The lag of poor coding, the frustration it causes when you eneter a village, it's just too much. You're better off sticking with Terrarria."
,Not Recommended,211820,11621856,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,▲,"Do NOT buy this game, unless you're perfectly fine with burning $15. While it is playable in its current state, it has been effectively abandoned by the devs. It has been EIGHT MONTHS since the last official update. The only thing they do now is their 'Nightly' updates, which both do not come every night and are riddled with bugs and crashes to the point of unplayability. They also tend to corrupt your worlds and characters. They promised a finished product by the end of 2013. It's currently 8 months into 2014, and we're still in the first stage of Beta. Not to mention all the trigger-happy mods who lock and delete any thread that doesn't suggest the game is perfect."
,Not Recommended,211820,11315844,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,chug pabst,"If you plan on buying this game, or have any interest in playing at all, PLEASE HOLD OFF.(Note that this is a review for the current state the game is in)When I originally heard news of Starbound, my hype boner extended into the stars above and could not be held down. It was basically Terraria. In Space. With promises of being much more. Hell, the game was developed by ex-Terraria developers. That lead me to thinking: How could developers of Terraria mess up their game by simply putting the damn game in space? At that point it didn't matter to me. Numerous friends already bought the game and bombarded me with ""WHY DONT YOU HAVE THIS GAME YET????"", and, ""PLAY WITH ME!!!!!"" They never seemed to run out of things to rave about the game. So I bit the bullet. I bought the game, immediately installed, and dove into the universe of Space Terraria. What could possibly go wrong?Now, onto the gameplay.Diving head-first into singleplayer, the game introduces you to the quest system by having you retrieve your first item in the game from a storage compartment on your spaceship. Simple enough. The controls seemed nothing out-of-the-ordinary. WASD to move around, spacebar to jump (even if jumping momentum seemed clunky), clicking to interact with various ""blocks"" and items, yadda yadda. Already the game seemed like SpaceTerraria. After beeming down to my starting planet's surface and completing the remaining ""tutorial"" quests, I had a cozy little camp with a fire and a crafting bench. I made myself a pickaxe and mined some of the obviously low-quality starting ores (copper, iron, and some coal). Using coal to power my spaceship, I had already travelled to a few planets, and scavenged enough resources to create a distress beacon: the item required to summon the game's first boss. A penguin piloting a giant UFO dropped from the sky, and my first boss battle had begun. It ended just as quick. As it turns out, the boss was extremely easy to ""cheese,"" as a trapped myself in a small dirt box with a one-block opening to swing a weapon out from. The battle was done and over with as quickly as it started. I climbed through the various tiers of armor and weaponry with extreme ease, and had ""beaten"" the game faster than I imagined.The controls, as I stated were nothing bizzare: WASD movement, click on things to interact. No complaints in the controls department aside from extremely wonky jumping mechanics. The gravity on a planet's surface varied with different planets, but none of that seemed to matter. Jumping sends you in the same, awkward arc that is extremely hard to control. Getting the right trajectory and angle of a jump is tedious and waaaay harder than it needs to be.Combat is simple. VERY simple. Like, boringly unsatisfying. Swords, spears, axes, it doesn't matter. You click when a monster is within the weapons reach, and repeat. No RNG (besides criticals) to spice things up, you click. Click, click, click. Guns are no better. All the guns seem identical. Oh, and did i mention you click? Click to win!Being a Terraria-esque game, being able to build a house or base is to be expected. This is where the game shines, in my eyes. Having thousands of different planets to explore means having a diverse selection of landscapes and atmospheres to contruct an ideal spaceport or cozy cottage. Along with diverse landscapes comes diverse building blocks. Want to build a tropical-themed, thatched-roof hut on a frozen, desolate moon? Knock yourself out! A intimidating and looming stone castle on a world of cotton candy trees and talking birdmen? I dont see why not! Even after I ""beat the game"" and reached the highest tiers of tools and armor, building a giant fishbowl for my geisha fish girl and defending it from sphincter-headed dinosaurs was a gaming experience like no other. Make sure to bring your creativity and roleplaying mindsets with you if you venture into Starbound.Multiplayer was a different story entirely. The game was oodles more entertaining and replayable with a crew of friends to join up and plunder the universe together with. I could write an entire book of the crazy-fun times I had with my buds in Starbound, but that almost feels like another game entirely, and I'm here to focus on Starbound.Unfortunately, I'm starting to run out of good things to say about poor Starbound.Being an early-access game, paying for and playing an unfinished game is to be expected. However, even for an early access game, the whole thing seemed rather...underwhelming. While it might just be the dying-down of my hype, the game was not what I expected it to be at all. It seemed very unfinished and empty. Even a group of good friends couldn't fix the empty gameplay. But the advantage of an early-access game is seeing the addition of new, exciting content before your very eyes, right?Starbound didn't get that memo.Call me cynical, or whatever you will, but I feel lied to. Cheated. Scammed. The developers over at Chucklefish were on an incredible streak of fixing and patching the game tailored to the findings of the community and playerbase. This streak continued for months. Then♥♥♥♥♥♥hit the fan.Developers started leaving, including one of the big-men-on-top. The developers took their patches and fixes with them. Progress on the game seemed to come to a standstill. However, the development website promised and displayed what content was being worked on and would ""soon"" (my definition of soon =/= Chucklefish's definition) be added to the game. Every day, the website showcased new features being worked on. Features that never seem to see the light of day. The website is a catalog of broken promises and wasted potential. The last ""update"" posted to the site is a collection of GIFs of monsters with promises of ""...updates soon!"" These no longer mean anything to me, and are just the developers' way of waving my money in my face.In summary...Starbound is a sandbox, Terraria-esque game that takes place in outer space. Immersive exploration is plagued with lackluster gameplay backed with broken promises of updates and constant new content. Playing with friends makes things a bit more bearable, but feels like you're bringing an umbrella to protect yourself against a rain of flaming dookie.As much of a♥♥♥♥♥♥I've taken on this game, I sure had a hell of a time eploring and building. Who knows? Maybe the developers will but away their hashpipes for a bit and work on the game. It might have a brighter future ahead of it, but for now, spend your money elsewhere. I truly await better times for this game :("
,Not Recommended,211820,11386961,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,SpeedWeed,"I will not recommend this game. It is nice the first hours, then you got nothing to continue playing for."
76561197967334461,Recommended,211820,14905923,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,natehamill,"Starbound does for me what Minecraft couldn't.  Instead of taking forever to explore one island I can take forever to explore a few solar systems.  But then I can travel to any of the thousand other systems and explore them as well.  The different material types are as varied as Minecraft and then some.  You can grow food, build buildings, create better materials, hunt creatures, get into shootouts with the locals, etc.in the latest version you can expand your ship.  You don't even have to develope planet-side buildings anymore if you don't want to.  You can literally live off your ship and expand it as you go.  There are now also more fuel types (fuel is needed to move between star systems), some more ceocentrated than others.With the outpost you now have access to more quests, which means more adventures.  They can be as random as ""Find me a stone USMC sign"".  Do you remember what planet on what system you found that USMC prison colony?  You don't?  Time to go exploring and find another to get that sign!There are ""dungeons"" on pretty much every planet.  You can dig down into the planet and find gnomish villages.  You can dig through several different layers of the planet and find everything from mushrooms to buried laboratories to underground lakes full of acid, all of which you can break down with your tool and use for yourself, either in a crafting recipe or as a decoration for your home(s).If you like open-world construction games of a blocky nature, then this one is definitely worth trying out.  There are many to choose from these days and eveyone likes one more than the others.  If you're still searching for ""the one"" then play this one.  You search will be over."
,Recommended,211820,29894011,Posted: 13 February,all,Tails The Fox,"Starbound is a very enjoyable and quite expansive Sandbox/Adventure game with both single-player and multiplayer modes.In Starbound, you start out on a planet where you need to gather resources to fix your spaceship in order to explore further. Eventually, you'll be free to fly anywhere you'd like, and there are a ton of different planet biomes and places to see. There so much to explore! Each planet and star system will have a vast array of planet types, terrain colors, ore, creatures, and structures, and the planets in Starbound are procedurally generated, so as you're playing as different characters, likely no galaxy will be the same as another.There are seven races in Starbound: The Humans, the Avians, the Floran, the Glitch, the Hylotl, and the Novakids. Each race has different armor sets, decor, furniture, and spaceship differences. As you explore planets, you will likely find structures of a certain race's theme, finding NPCs of that race and seeing their unique styles and appearances. You will also come across lore for each of these races, and their backstories, throughout the game. Each of the races seems to be inspired real-life cultures around the world, for example, the Glitch and their Medieval-themed motif, and the Florans with their primitive, prehistoric-type furniture and clothing. The variation in these items is quite pleasing, and fun to explore.Starbound's crafting, resource collection, and building can be quite satisfying, as well, and there are all kinds of blocks, furniture items, decorations, costumes, and objects that you can use to flesh out your structures, homes, bases, and any kinds of buildings that you make.Starbound is also a mod-friendly game, and it has all kinds of awesome mods on the Workshop, and on the Chucklefish forums alike. Everything from more technology, more items, more furniture, more player colors, and all kinds of things!Starbound's visuals and soundtrack are very nice, as well, and its lighting and the different effects on different types of planets make the variation of each area all the more charming. The sound ambiance in Starbound is also quite immersive as well, and there are plenty of nice details in the environments and in the game.I would recommend Starbound to anyone and everyone who loves RPG adventure games, and sandbox games! It can be such a joy to play and so much fun, and it also has multiplayer, so that you can share your adventure with your friends. I have no complaints about the game, and I think it's a pleasure to play! ^.^"
76561198176938921,Recommended,211820,31321504,Posted: 23 April,all,Ozcat,"It's good, don't get me wrong, but it does have flaws.The story in my opinion is 'Good' Not bad nor fantastic; It just relates to other ones.The combat is superb along with the building, which is VERY detailedIf you're a fan of rushing a giant floating space saucer with friends and hanging out in a penguin bar, then go get this game"
,Not Recommended,211820,11934828,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Fabulous Bandit,"I was looking forward to this game, but unfortunately the developers forgot the whole community that bought it, they simply abandoned the game and they are not making any update. Dont buy from this guys, they dont care for the game or the community, only for money."
,Recommended,211820,28209051,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Kurome Ankokuboshi💤,"That moment, when crafting food more interesting then playing."
76561198097719346,Not Recommended,211820,22737265,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Colossal Apostle,"Far too little for far too long. A great argument against supporting so called ""early access""."
,Not Recommended,211820,12375203,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,DeadnCryin,"we waited for almost 2 years for this update. and this game still sucks.CONS:unbalanced diffeculty.hard long missions without chekpoints.boring crafting system.controles are confusing and crippling.boring mining.empty univers and planet core and surfice.you can not reset your world , you have to do in manualy by deleteing some hidden files.it took the developers 2 year just to add the option to delete a character.you wont go far in this game before the 1st boss which is more than imposible to kill withouta proper armer. which you can not make or find.game is boring.there is not point of building a home. when all your stuff are on the ship.adding pets before importand stuff is just to get more kids to buy this gamei give up. do not waste your money.and is it gonna take you another 2 years to come up with a desent chekpoint system?dear developers go to hell.DO NOT BUY THIS P.O.S game. go and buy terraria . cheaper. better. and had a majore new update. and is updated regularly."
76561198013133451,Not Recommended,211820,10361132,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,amarzu,"[EDIT JAN 24, 2014]I keep looking back to this game in my library, desperately hoping that it's received some love from the devs and am constantly disappointed. Since my last review, which was already months after no updates, there has still been no real updates to the game. Not only that, but they've apparently removed things from the game, such as temperature function, that really detract from the survival aspect. The devs apparently feel the game has been good enough to be considered done for a while already and there's talk that the next update will be the 1.0 release.In that case, I'm going to remove the caveat from my original review and say don't buy this game at all because the game that was promised is now non-existant rather than a long time away.[END EDIT]I had a lot of fun playing this game when I bought it. I stopped playing after my character was wiped. I'm not upset about the wipe, I knew that was coming, I just stopped playing because the devs promised streamlined, weekly updates (their words, not mine) and I wanted to make sure characters would no longer be wiped. 4 months later, there hasn't been a single update of any significance and the devs put out a steady stream of excuses and blame (if they spent half as much time coding as they do making excuses and blaming fans, the game would be done by now).Any attempt to address the game's shortcomings is met by obnoxious fanboys spouting months old excuses and mods banning you for posting a negative opinion or asking a question.I liked the game when I bought it, honestly I still kinda do. Problem is, I bought it for what it promised to be not what it was and now I am disappointed in the state of things (especially with the endgame the devs have proposed which is seriously balls-out ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥).I would recommend this game with the caveat that you only buy it for exactly what you see because anything more is potentially years away, otherwise just save your money."
76561198087672416,Not Recommended,211820,11399925,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Ondai,I paid $14.99 for a game that'll never develop.
,Not Recommended,211820,11042690,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Ernie,"TL;DR Not gonna lie, Starbound has a lot of potential, but the state that it's been in for the past >6 months is disgusting. I know that the company has had a lot of issues and they recently decided to actually have  HQ and they're still settling in or whatever. I also know that Early Access is kind of expected to be an unpolished game, but there have been so few updates it's really upsetting. I can't recommend this game due to the fact that it's just not getting enough done. I am totally willing to change this review whenever they decide to update it (last big update was in February and it's July now)Keep in mind that this game is in Early Access (for better or for worse) and this review is based on playing time up until July 2, 2014.Starbound is an open world exploration/adventure/sandbox type game, basically Terraria in space. The appeal to these games, of course, is gathering materials and just basically playing with legos that you never have to clean up. I personally enjoy this. It's a nice break from being super competitive in every other game I play. I mean, there's a pvp type thing in this game in that you can totally kill other players, but it's pretty broken.This game surprised me. In Minecraft I was really into redstone and just playing with circuitry and just seeing how much I can automate. While you can't automate as much in Starbound, there's defintely potential to automate more. I rigged up something to automate lighting in my planet so that whenever you enter my base, lights follow you on and turn off when you leave the room. Unfortunately, due to a bug, I have to rewire it every time I boot the game up because wires disappear for no reason. Now, this is to be expected, I mean, this is an Early Access game after all, but it's been an issue since day one and they still haven't fixed it. That alone is certainly a reason why I haven't booted up the game in forever.Combat is kind of wonky. There's no real way to know what type of enemy you're going to fight. I personally thought that was kind of for the lore because you're traveling to unknown planets so you wouldn't know how threatening anything is on that planet, but I've heard other people say that they really don't like that approach. I personally just tried to avoid fighting because the goal of the game isn't to fight things and they're really easy to avoid. A friend of mind was telling me about how she really doesn't like the fact that armor doesn't really make you super overpowered against mobs even at the highest tier, and sure, I can understand that being an issue. I personally am of the belief that this is the survival aspect of the game and you can't be expected to actually fight everything in the game; that's just impractical for actually surviving. Instead, I picked my battles and only fought when I was out of blocks to bridge over enemies.Resource gathering is pretty normal, just mine out blocks and hope for ores. The more advanced you get in the tier, the easier of a time you'll have finding ores from lower tiers. At the highest tier, you can mine asteroids which are super rich in ores and kind of break the game since you don't have to actually scavenge for resources, but, instead, just head to the nearest asteroid for a half hour and have all the resources you'll need for a while. Something that was kind of off-putting early on was that the basic tools performed better than the fancy matter manipulator item you have. I mean, I totally get specialization of items and how that contributes for better gameplay, but it didn't make sense to me that an item clearly more advanced than a pickaxe or a regular axe is outperformed by both. I mean, you can totally get drills later, and those do way better, but it's still weird that this space traveler is reduced to using what I would think is archaic, uncharacteristic items.The drops in this game are kind of weird too. You can totally have a friend take you to a high level planet and just loot surface chests for gear you can use and it'll carry you forever. There's also a chance that you find actual literal trash in the surface chests and then you're kind of upset. Even at high level planets, you have a good chance at finding super bad weapons. It's kind of irritating.At least building is pretty easy. I didn't really play Terraria, so it had to be explained to me that you have to actually fill in the background for stuff to not spawn (I thought it was a lighting thing like minecraft). After a bit it all makes sense and it's pretty intuitive - Select a block, press the mouse to put the block, repeat until done. There's also a pretty large variety of blocks and colors of blocks. That's pretty cool, but, in my opinion, the best blocks that can be used for building are generally hard to find and also uncraftable in vanilla. That's pretty upsetting. There are mods that allows you to purchase them with the otherwise pretty worthless pixel currency and that's totally cool.Progression in the game relies on you to find a certain amount of an ore and or it's additive to make it into a new refined ore to make a new tool thing or armor so that you can progress to the next area. That's totally cool, but it does feel kind of unrewarding. Sure you unlock a bunch of new things to build, but I really don't see a reason to limit a player on what they're able to build based on how far they've progressed like that. I do, however, see the need that some materials need special resources to create. I mean, you have to basically jump through 10 hoops to finally be able to craft everything.Some issues I personally have with the game are the fact that the pixel currency is virtually worthless; the cosmetics sold by some vendors aren't really appealing and the machine that lets you scan/reprint decorative blocks is cool, but I really wish the mod that allows you to print blocks made it to vanilla. The idea is that it's a super advanced 3d printer anyway, who is to say that it shouldn't allow you to recreate ANYTHING you've previously seen rather than just a handful of things you'll just place around for looks.Chests are also kind of a big deal. They don't really upgrade in capacity. I mean, and I bet you're maybe getting tired of hearing me say this, there is a mod that lets you have higher upgrade capacity in specialized chests, but these types of things, especially considering there's a forced progression, makes me think that there isn't enough thought being put into the game.I've already mentioned wiring. I don't know the cause of it, but it's always the same combination of 5 wires that I have to reconnect each time. That effectively makes building with wiring in mind irrelevant because it's going to break. It WILL break. Maybe not all of it, but just enough to make you irritated.Fortunately, despite all the bugs, the modding community is excellent. A lot of really cool mods have been added that give existing game mechanics a boost. Starfoundry comes to mind as something exceptional that really increases the game's playability.Overall, I cannot recommend this game in its current state. As I've mentioned, I'm totally willing to adjust whenever they're comfortable saying that they're actually gonna release the game in full as they see fit. It's tragic, though, because I really want to like this game. It's got a lot of potential, but just isn't there yet."
76561198010938560,Not Recommended,211820,11305081,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Colt45blue,"dont even bother to get this game its been over 5 months since i last seen an update of any kind. the game is great but no updates at all  and its the same old build ,explorer n kill monstes it has a few quests but not enough to keep u busy at all... so please done even bother to get this game n this review is on July 18 2014....."
,Not Recommended,211820,24432255,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Y'vvel,"Didn't think I'd ever get around to reviewing Starbound, but I suppose now's the time. The beginning is a bit ranty, and I apologize for it.While I haven't played Starbound in ages, I can certainly say that this game had a lot of potenial when it first went into early access. Those intial days of those first updates were fun and brought us new features. I thought this game was going to be a rival of Terraria and I was honeslty surprised in the differences that I saw in the early stages, but then...Chucklefish went MIA for a long time. The game got stale, bugs weren't getting fixed, and now almost three years later it's getting released.While I can't say that I didn't enjoy the game and what I've played, and I loved it every bit of it, I can't recommend this game only for the the devs. I've been with the community almost since the beginning and I had a lot of hopes for this game like a lot of the community. While I can't speak for everyone I'm displeased at how Chucklefish worked on this game and how they treated the community, I'm not going to throw and shade but I need to be careful of what I say because of acts they've done in the past to people talking about Starbound. I am however going to make a pro and con list of the games feautes and what's made it the experience that is it.Pros:-Large variety of blocks to build with-Fun and inviting landscapes-Wide variety of weapons to kill, maim, and destroy with-Seven playable races-Soothing OST-Easy to pick up combat system-Game's Purpose: Building is fun if you're creative.Cons:-Beginning is boring, mid-game is boring, everything just tends to be ""boring."" The game tends to just be a huge collect-a-thon-Boss fights. Let me expand on this first: The boss fights just aren't interesting. The first boss you fight is just bland and not enjoyable, the rest of the bosses are slighltly different, but not as fun.-Optimization (I still don't understand HOW this game isn't optimized. It still gets lag spikes even though my computer runs hardware that's a lot faster than the recommended specs. I know not every game is perfect, but I shouldn't lag everytime I enter my ship or go into a menu. This game honeslty is just poorly optimized and Chucklefish should have fixed that a long time ago.)-Quests and NPCs aren't fun to do or interact with; most quests are fetch quests or a ""Do this to complete a query so I can give you an item that's already out classed by experience."" While there are a lot of quests in Starbound, most of them are needed to progress in the ""story,"" and just take too much time to do. NPCs are still basic and uninteresting. Nothing has changed since the first update, they still just say a few lines and walk around.-The ""Story:"" There's a forced story in this game and while some say it's a good way to teach players, it's just so slow paced that it hinders the experience. When I started playing Starbound it was just ""Build and survive,"" but now that there's a story that is REQUIRED TO ADVANCE IN ANY TECHNOLOGICAL WAY it honestly just makes the game more of a chore.-Game's Purpose: If you aren't a creative person, this game just lacks much of anything for you.-Planets: They're all just color swaps with different environments. The generation is lacking, and in some cases is down right unfair, I.E. Huge death pit that you won't find until your mining durasteel or slime biomes that just make you bounce into enemiesIN CLOSING:I can't hate this game. I liked it for what it was when it was a lot more basic, but with all these additions Chucklefish keeps bringing in, it's honestly making the game more of a chore. I can't recommend this game only because of how slow development was and how the devs treated the community, especially during the hiatus. While it is getting released, FINALLY, in a few days (Or is released if you're reading this review on release day,) it's not worth the money.While I don't hate this game, I just wish that the whole development cycle would have gone differently and I hope that the release changes how the devs produce for the community and interact with the community.Until these changes, please don't get this game."
76561198020282675,Not Recommended,211820,25559272,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Cake Bakem,"So after a 5 year wait, it's finally released. After all that time, with content updates and changing basically everything in the game, Chucklefish has managed to deliver something truly dull and uninspiring.Starbound is a fabulous premise, a universe full of potential. After spending some time with the final release, I am left with one question:That's it?The quests and story that I've been waiting for the biggest let down. The main quest consists of 2 types of mission:1. Find a settlement of the specified race and scan their furniture.2. Travel to a pre-made level and fight a boss at the end.The side quests consist of 3 types of missions:1. Deliver an object or escort a person to another person on the planet. Often times this second person is right next to the first person.2. Kill an enemy for someone.3. Collect ore or some other item for someone.The rest of the game, as best as I can tell, is collecting stuff and building other stuff. You can set up a colony, but why would you? So you can get more tedious and boring quests? So you can have a farm? A universe of endless possibilities and farming is the most creative thing you could come up with?One other thing I noticed is that the monsters seem to have gotten less unique. There are some that still seem to be randomly generated per planet, but there are a few that are on every planet. I don't know if that's a bug or not, but it wasn't like this before.So after a 5+ year wait, I'm left with a game that has redefined blandness and squandered potential. No, I still can't recommend this game. I don't even want to bother finishing it just to finish it.At least the soundtrack is still good. But that's it."
76561197987935809,Not Recommended,211820,10032761,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,SurferDevo,"I used to want to recommend this game to everyone, as the game is fun, challenging, and ultra fun in multiplayer. HOWEVER, i quote what the developers say, ""Updates will come thick and fast, though, as we listen to your feedback, push fixes and add new content.”   What updates?... the game is pretty much the same since Dec 4, 13  with a few minor fixes... i cant recall the last huge juicy update.With that being said, once you get to the wierd part of the game which you can call ""the end""  you can farm overpowerd weapons easily making everything die in the blink of an eye, then there really isnt much to do in the game after that. To me it feels like taking a nice peacful journey that feels like it couldnt end, then BOOM right as it was getting good, dead end....the game is fun up to that point... but that point is really easy to reach once you get the hang of things, there are also a ton of useless things in the game, useless mechanics, useless weapons and armor, useless ores, they can take that crap out and add more content please.  This game has soooo much potential, yet, they arent doing anything with it, makes me wonder what they are actually doing."
76561198108012421,Not Recommended,211820,11251609,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Chunt,"This is, although a creative seeming game is terribly hard to get used to and get the hang of controls and things, and I am short on time, so i am going to cut it off here and say get terraria. a much simpler, easy to get used to game which is much like thing game but better in almost everyway imaginable."
,Not Recommended,211820,25571436,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Klawd,"edit: fixed some grammar here and thereDuring the Early Alpha I was like ""This is good. There's lot of potential!"". Had fun for a few days, especially in multi with a friend. But still it seemed too much unfinished, and so we decided to wait for the final version.A year or so later, when the final launched, we tried it again. It seemed fun at the beginning, they fixed something here and there, balanced it out. It was engaging again for a few more days.I now have played I think a dozen hours on the final version, between single and multiplayer, and finally decided to write this review. (steam reports more hours because I forgot it open a couple of times)The dev team sadly fell in the old procedural development rabbit hole, and understandably couldn't get out of it. The content seems a lot, but it's really not. The whole mass of the content is in the graphic assets, but for the rest there's almost nothing. Let me get in detail:1) There are like 3 quests repeated over and over the whole galaxy, including the main questline. The superficiality of the sidequests is evident when you find different villages and you always get the same quest, literally the same one on every planet, from 10 cramped up npcs. This is also apparent with the main questline, that consists of those 4-5 ad hoc maps (unreachable otherwise) where at the end you get to kill a boss (and boy they are all easy to beat).2) Another major turn-off is the main story. I really think that making the main questline obbligatory for the player goes against everything that a sandbox game is.3) The sub-biomes are another big problem, they are very superficial too. You basically find always the same 2-3 ones (gnomes, slime, small houses underground, etc). These sub-biomes never give you anything special, nor they have any background story or anything. The crates you find, and you always find them by the dozens, have always the same loot, because each of the few different star types has the same exact loot for all its planets.4) And then we have the colonies system. You find a planet, build a house, and a random guy teleports in. He does nothing. He will rarely give you one of the same 2-3 quests (they are exactly the same as the sidequests in the game) and then, when he wants, he'll give you finally the chance to hire him (but you don't actually need a crew in the game, and it has no utility whatsoever).I don't recommend this game.Maybe only discounted and if you plan to play in multiplayer with a friend.Otherwise don't waste money."
,Not Recommended,211820,17088485,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Fullmight,"I can't believe this game is still rated very postive. While it initially seemed quite promising, the devs did a lot of backsliding away from what made the game good, and then followed it up by a whole lot of no god damn content or progress.Don't buy early access kids."
76561198029563754,Not Recommended,211820,24548340,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,NexNeko,"i played this game a long time ago in beta. trying it now, i cant help but think, i wish i was still playing the beta version becasue the release is a flat downgrade in terms of gameplay. they removed a ton of content"
,Not Recommended,211820,12038429,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,ProGamer7,Trash...you like Minecraft? try this game...
,Not Recommended,211820,11245907,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,indi,"Honestly, I saw this game being released a year ago, but wasn't really following it. I thought the whole idea of Starbound was quite interesting, but I wasn't really playing games that much so it wasn't until recently that I decided to check it out again.When I bought the game, I thought I was going to be getting a close to finished/complete game since it has been ""Early Access"" for god knows how long now, but that simply wasn't the case.While the gameplay is actually fun, and I was able to sink in a few hours of enjoyment, the game rapidly stagnated for me, which while disappointing, was something I should have known.I neglected to read the reviews on this game, and now I see that the studio behind this game is incredibly disorganized and inept, especially the lead devs. When I asked on the forums about the lack of updates in nearly 5 months, I was swiftly banned, but I'm not alone it seems, hundreds of others have been banned on the forums regarding inqueries to the games stall in development.I would not recommend buying this game at this time, the staff doesn't really seem to know what they are doing, the game is unfinished, and while you may have some fun for a bit, the game is not worth the $15 as it stands.Overall, disappointing with how this whole thing has turned out."
76561198027946352,Not Recommended,211820,11267661,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Nexodas,"I bought this game thinking that I would get hundreds of hours of enjoyment on a Space exploration/building game. I expected to interact with npc towns, go one quests, spelunk dungeons, and discover lots of fun stuff before going to another planet and beginning anew.Instead I got broken promises and months without any content being actually worked on. For a long time most ""updates"" were simply the developers taking mods the community made and making them ""official"" and adding one or two cosmetic items that did nothing but look nice.I understand it is in ""early access"", but the good people at Chucklefish have yet to actually implement basic features such as the ability to change keybinding or even a button to delete your characters. The devs have also failed to implement any promised features to the game in many months. At first they kept saying that it was due to their ""staff"" moving and settling in at their new office in London, but since then updates have remains scarce and development appears stalled despite constant assurances that they are ""working on it"".Don't buy this. I urge you not to give these people money. They truly do not deserve it."
,Not Recommended,211820,11301710,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Hey what?,It's like Terraria but without updates.
,Not Recommended,211820,11324795,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Sadwhiteboy,I honestly really hate this game Terraria is way better :)I highly reccomend you watch a lot of youtube videos on this game before buying it.It is my opinion and I can see that there are others who love this game :)I hate it :DI regret buying this terrible game :)But Please do not let this review affect your reason to buy this game :) If you like it than buy it :)I thought I would like it but no... terraria is way better :)You can tell that I hate this game by how many smily faces I put... :)
76561198098180233,Not Recommended,211820,10488660,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,nuparu,"this game in its current state is not worth buying in my opinion, it took me only a day or two to get to the last sector of the game and get all the armor types, i find myself getting board from nothing to do except explore the same old planets and build ever bigger houses.the bosses were all easy to beat you just use the same tactic over and over again and the monster all act roughly the same no variations between them.and for updates the last real update was in april, and no i dont count reworking old block as an updateand the fact that the develiper atacking and banning people that ask why none of the things they promised were in the game a year on ( now 2 years on)  what every one says to play are a buggy as hell and broken nightlys. you know  you have a bad development team when modder have done more work since the april update then the develpores in 2 yearsupdaterecently cf mods have been deleating post and banning anyone that bring up fail promises of anything negitive abou the game. i believe this is to remove all negative post from the forums so new people that have not bought the game do not see thembe aware this is not the only shade / illegal thing they have done in the past so if anyone that has not bought the game readsthis do not buy!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!editso as of the new stable update (aka unstable relabled ) most of the buggs that have been in the game since launch have not been fixed. the new patchs have broke the game so bad that lenux and window xp player weren't able to play the game at all for almost 2 weeksupdateso ya he terrible quest system is still there and is still the only way to progessstill no point to biulding a base, food is still mostly useless, the f up farming in the nightlysthey fu metalurgy coppe + iron =  steal????  i like the longer this game goe on the crappr it gets it does not even resemble what it was origioly sold asso ............ still not a buy recomedation"
76561198018917257,Not Recommended,211820,17107707,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,MistLynx,For a game that started life as a mod for Terraria it seems to involve an awful lot of poor choices and slow progress. To put it simply Terraria updates more often and delivers far more content when it does.
76561198030930416,Not Recommended,211820,11163364,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Hippy,This could be a great game is Chucklefish bothered to update the game! Yet another example of why Early Access for the most part is a waste of time.
,Not Recommended,211820,13613734,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,JaMinst,"Extremely disappointing! Customization, progression and combat are all extremely lacking."
,Not Recommended,211820,17741851,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nani Sore?,"This is one of those games I felt had potential, perhaps it still does but at the moment the game feels the same. There hasn't been anything exciting to pull me back in. After I lost my first charecter to an update, I started anew hoping that there would be more to the game than: mine ore then move to next planet. But I found myself doing just that and it grew stale. Once the quest update came around while I wasn't excited I had hoped it might make the game more interesting. Unfortunatly the quests feel boring and fairly pointless. After a long while of waiting the exciting update I have waited for still hasn't shown up, and it makes me sad because I feel like this game is missing out on being great.The only other game I can compare this to is Terraria which was recently updated to 1.3. I thought I had played enough terraria but then the update was big, exciting, had tons of new of cool things to do, more interesting things to learn/discover and an epic end boss. This game just doesn't come close to Terraria and until a worthwhile update comes out it never will. I have 197 hours on terraria and want to play even more. I don't think I want to play Starbound at all now."
76561197969607227,Not Recommended,211820,13441983,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Creamed Corn,"Spent a couple hours playing this game.... Was really enthusiastic about how it was all coming together! Unfortunately the developers appear to have stopped working on the game or have slowed down because they are producing a different game. Another cash cow company who capitalized on the 'alpha release' trend that was occuring. e.g. Edge of space, Rust, Starforge, Space engineers"
,Not Recommended,211820,10396434,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,???,Nothing but a cash grab.
76561198092966583,Not Recommended,211820,11349061,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Moffatt,"HUGE dissapointment, 8 months behind, updates addS nothing and is all around that fun, also dont try to get a refund like they promised they would give if it was overdone, that is pretty much useless. TERRIBLE GAME"
,Not Recommended,211820,24712286,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,flos,"The plot is weak and doesn't have strong enough characters to support it. The game is unstable and leaks memory seemingly at random. The gameplay is decent but repetitive and strangely balanced, such as eng-game materials costing a measly 600 pixels.I like this game. I like it a lot. But it was given a full release that's not worth the money. I bought this game in beta thinking it would be good, something special. I am sorry to announce I was disappointed.But hey, other people might like the story and find the programming issues tolerable. I'm not content with the mediocrity presented to me as a game, however. A full release of a game shouldn't have so many technical issues, and if those weren't present I might pass it off as acceptable. They are here, however, and given the game in it's current state I can't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,211820,16511518,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,MALLEVS MALEFICARVM,"Early Access should have some kind of user feedback feature, where you can vote if Steam should block these guys from using this system again. This is one of the cases where a block would be good to teach them not to mess with their customers.I can't express how disappointed I am at this game. They just kept the unfinished game there for what should be around 2 years now, releasing an upgrade once every 8 months or so just to claim that they're not abandoning the game (wich, believe me, they ARE) and that's it.This game had such potential, but all wasted. At this rhythm, the game gets 5-10% better every 8 months... and it still has A LOT to do before it can be labeled as a complete game.They keep changing the already existant stuff instead of implementing the stuff missing in the game to finish and release it already, and change existant stuff with further patches if needed. It's almost like they're stalling, winning some time just to keep sucking from our wallets with the ""work in progress, we need your money to continue"" excuse.Do NOT buy this. Teach them a lesson."
,Not Recommended,211820,11988628,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,KuriGohan and Kamehameha,"I forgot this was still in development. It's just sitting there in my library after I made the mistake of purchasing it for both my brother and I.Then I realize it's gone four whole months without an update? And there's still nothing to do? ♥♥♥♥ this 'game', never giving money to Chucklefish or anyone associated with it again.This 'game' is the main reason I have so little faith in Early Access programs."
,Not Recommended,211820,11298423,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,The Jorsh,The most fun I had with Starbound was counting the number of enemies that did the same thing.
,Not Recommended,211820,11310576,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Nester The Molester,"Not worth what I paid for, then or now. Yeah, beta beta beta, I know.  That doesn't change that I expected a certain amount for my money, and I've waited an absurd amount of time for that value."
,Not Recommended,211820,11144443,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Arcadian Del Sol,"Two years into development and you still cannot remap the key bindings within the user interface.Reportedly, this game has made over $20 million dollars and its still in 'early release.'This is an example of why Steam shouldn't host pay-to-develop games like this: because once the developers have made enough money, they no longer have any motivation whatsoever to actually continue to work on the game. The ""quests"" are exactly 5, and you finish them in about 30 minutes - and then you're all on your own.This will be my final purchase of an 'early access' title because I dont want to be left with an abandoned, half finished game that languishes for over two years with very little updates."
,Not Recommended,211820,24644291,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Tempus,User interface is clunky and barely useable. Lacks hotkeys to properly manage windows and respond to game. Horrible default placement of UI windows blocking the center of the screen (ie. the player) and no quick way to close them means fast death of something sneaks up on you.Good idea. Poor execution.
76561198079285295,Not Recommended,211820,11280749,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sir Galahad,"Fun for maybe 3 hours but then becomes incredibily repetitive. Mid/Late game, which is pretty much when there's not better armor or guns, spits in your face and pretty much tells you ""continue doing EXACTLY WHAT YOU'VE BEEN DOING FOR 5 HOURS!"" If you're rich this is a great price and game for you, otherwise don't waste your money until this game adds SOMETHING to reduce the monotony."
,Recommended,211820,34448026,Posted: 23 August,all,CaptOblivious,"It's a great game! Starbound shines when it comes to building and exploration, but could use more bosses and more giant dungeons to explore instead of just the Ancient Vaults. Other than that, if you want a game that let's you explore an almost limitless number of planets and building mechanics that are only limited by your imagination, then check it out!"
,Recommended,211820,24528275,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Ethereal Psyche,"This game... Oh boy. This game. It's a beautiful thing.You have the ability to do whatever you want in true sandbox style. Build your own colonies, go mining, explore, do missions, explore the virtually infinite universe and virtually anything else you could think of.Starbound has come a long long way since early access, and even from the last update. The jump to the full release is very significant. I still notice odd framerate drops and inconsistencies in performance though. I don't feel it makes the game unplayable, though I strongly urge the devs to work even more on that. ESPECIALLY on the server software. PLEASE. It's my major gripe with this game.Bottom line: The game is exactly what I wanted from the start: A sandbox in space with endless possibilities and some guidance in form of a main quest line to tie it together.  It's the most fun I've had since Terraria.It's been a rocky early access, but it's finally here. Definitely now one of my favourite games of all time. <3 ^_^"
76561197991808695,Not Recommended,211820,13674006,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,acesahn,"I dont think they ever plan to actually finish this game... it has been early access for far to long and I feel pretty stupid for have buying it. Its fun, the crafting is enjoyable, the mining is enjoyable... but there's no overall direction, no objective. Theres little bits of lore found in your races journal that hints there is direction, that your character would want to defeat one species, or defeat the strange alien planets... but no, its just craft and mine until you made everything."
,Not Recommended,211820,12728721,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Capybard,"Starbound can be a very deceptive game.First of all, it looks great. The sprites are very detailed and their animations quite fluid. The environments are all unique and visually distinct from each other, the monsters all look different and weird (as far as I understand it, they're created by mixing various different sprites and messing with their colors, so you'll always find new weird creatures to kill) and you can build some really good looking structures because there are tons and tons of furniture that all look really good. The music is not bad either.But here's the thing: it all looks different, but it plays the same. You'll meet a thousand different looking monsters, but they don't change much. They can fly, walk, be passive, aggresive and that's it. The environments looks distinct, but apart from some instances where the game messes with the gravity or the temperature, they're all the same.My first hour playing Starbound and my fortieth were basically exactly the same. Starbound changes its visuals, but the mechanics never reflect that; you'll always be doing the same thing: mining, maybe chopping up trees, maybe building another house if you're bored. You'll be grinding (mining different minerals) so you can defeat the lackluster bosses so you can mine some more. The name of the minerals will change after that. It's not enough.It isn't that Starbound isn't worth your money, it just isn't worth your time. It's way too time consuming for the limited experience it offers."
76561198089315700,Not Recommended,211820,32227263,Posted: 6 June,all,Turtlestacks,"I used to love this game so much. Most of my play time was during development but I can no longer recommend this game to anyone.I tried getting back into starbound but a lot has changed and it didn't click for me anymore. It seems as if they tried to slow the game down by removing essential tools without improving the matter manipulater. I don't understand why the devs did this. There is no reason to slow the progession down because it wasn't fast in any way. If anything it was almost perfect but now its boring.I probably spent the last 2 hours trying to figure out how to make tools, and I eventually got so frustrated that I just went to the wiki only to find out PLAYERS CAN NO LONGER MAKE CERTAIN TOOLS. You have to find them, I didn't find any in 2 hours, but if you do you have to repair or get lucky and find more tools. I'm sorry but I am not going to drag myself thru this game slowly aquiring resources without a means to make essential tools that speed up my resource aquisition. You have to spend the majority of your time looking for upgrades to the matter manipulator which are hard to find, or get lucky and FIND tools.The best part about this game for me was being a planet nomad. Stopping and exploring planets, getting fuel to move onward or resources to unlock the next tier of upgrades. The pace used to be perfect and you had a lot of different crafting options, but now that a lot of stuff has been removed for the sole purpose of slowing the game down it just isn't fun anymore. It's just too slow now.Starbound is still a really good take on the sandbox/crafting/survival genre. I would only purchase it on sale now. $15 is not a steep price but with the recent downgrades I can't say its worth that price. Like I said before it is just too slow."
,Not Recommended,211820,11644405,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Moderate Muslim Gamer,♥♥♥♥
76561198028233590,Not Recommended,211820,11437668,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,son_of_liberty,"great potential, but 7 months have gone by witout a notable update, so yes, this game has gone dead for the time being."
76561198082231307,Not Recommended,211820,12229306,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Pikotrain,"no where near what terraria is, still waiting for updates thatll make me want to play again..."
,Recommended,211820,32849223,Posted: 27 June,all,Raven,"Around christmas I didn't have internet access for a few months, and the only game I had installed that was any fun offline was starbound.I hadn't played it since it got the huge makeover, and the time without internet gave me plenty to check it out.Sadly steam does not count hours played in offline mode, because if it did I'd be getting close to 200 hrs now.Something about the way the music, weather effects and sound design work together just does it for me, I actually spent a good while just sitting in my house while it was raining just watching the creatures jump around below and playing some music I had downloaded from the workshop using the very limited amount of internet I could get through my phones data volume.The game has a lot of things to do even if you're not directly doing anything. You could go around from planet to planet and raid or collect ores, but there is something about having a proper farm going that you can watch from the comfort of your own home while it is raining buckets.The bossfights are refreshing, each of them and the stage leading up to it has its own little quirks and gimmicks that make it memorable, and fun even if you died and have to restart again.VARIOUS SPOILERS AHEAD, BOTH PLOT AND SOME IMPORTANT GAMEPLAY FEATURESThe only boss that made me slightly frustrated was the ruin fight, but it was not because of the fight being too difficult or plain boring, it was more that I was having some serious issues with performance on the planet. Chunks of land were not rendering properly, I had a lot of issues with getting down to the core as the game would freeze for a few seconds and it left me unprepared to break my fall, causing me to die over and over trying to get to the fight. But that is nothing I can fault the game for, that was simply my computer being an oddball. Besides, its a bossfight where an entire planet is a boss that you have to dig into to fight it, how cool is that!?The ending also got to me a little, I'll have to admit. Seeing all your supporters kneeling infront of the portal because you didn't make it. But then you come down from the skies, the music suddenly changes in style and the only thing you can do is smile.I'm putting the fuel collection in this spoiler since it is something that actually got a good jump out of me and still makes me feel uneasy whenever I do it.You need erchius to fuel your FTL-Drive so you can travel to other solar systems, and the only way of obtaining it is by traveling to moons where you can find erchius as chrystalline deposits and in liquid form.But when you start mining it you will be chased by a ghost that can move through walls, is always close to you, and gets faster the more erchius you mine. Its a really interesting mechanic to limit how much fuel can be collected, and means that the better you get at playing the game the more you will be able to collect thanks to your dodging skills and such.Now, some negatives, or at least the few that I could think of.Most of these issues can be fixed via the steam workshop, a feature I absolutely love since it is so easely operated and expands the content of the game by so much.The movement is a little odd, I've always felt like moving to the side wasn't always consistent, sometimes you lightly tap A or D and you only move half a pixel, and then when you do it again you suddenly jump off a cliff like a madman.Combat with most swords was clunky since you can only attack on one plane and aren't able to aim. (This was fixed by installing a mod)The character difficulty options were also an annoyance, I love the feature of having to eat food to survive, it adds so much more roleplay to it because of all the different plants you can grow, and all the different food varieties you can craft.But having a food bar also comes with the price of dropping your items on death, which quite honestly was one of the things that frustrated me a lot, but thankfully there is a mod that disables item dropping on death.I've had some really odd performance issues as stated in the spoiler part, sometimes as if I had lag in a singleplayer game, which might've been because there is no real singleplayer, you can still open up your game for other people to join.Not sure how that works entirely but I did have some moments where enemies were lagging about, or the world just didn't load and I had to return to my ship and reload the planet.The Quest system is a bit flawed since most of the time its just the same quests, which gets dry after a while.Final Thoughts:I'm in love with this game, even if I don't play it regularely currently.There are so many different and unique things you can do in the game, it isn't just all based on the final goal of fighting boss, get new gear to fight new boss, get new gear and so on.You can, like I did, just do nothing and enjoy your time sitting in your own four walls existing.Roleplaying is also very fun to do since there is quite a list of race choices and character customization, both right off the bat and later with aquiring different clothing sets, and dyes.I can't quite say who this game appeals to, so if you're thinking about buying this game and what I've mentioned here speaks to you just give it a try.The game is under 20€ even without sales, at the time of writing the summer sale is happening so it's under 10€, which is just an amazing price for what you get."
76561198002924587,Not Recommended,211820,11421567,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Obcodis,BOOOOOO!
,Not Recommended,211820,10398316,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,wroter,"Like Terraria, except instead of just pressing escape and going to a new world by loading, you use a space ship. But the progression is pointless, and enemies are pretty much identical on every planet, and none of Terraria's simple charm."
76561198041699470,Not Recommended,211820,24762229,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,"Chef ""Neversaves"" Zakarian","It literally felt like the ""story"" missions were put together in a single week if not a few days.Comes across as they ""finished"" and did their 1.0 so they wouldn't get harassed by their community anymore.5 years for 5 missions of ""scan this race's furniture"" ...extremely uninspired...other content is decent, weapons give you a nice mix of stuff to try out and upgrade, unfortunately later there isn't much use for them.Bosses are kind of fun when your fighting them, but they go quick and there isn't much to rave about until they add some more enemies.There is no point mining apparently, to get all my ores I just planet jumped a couple times each tier, in the cities you can loot every box and chest and get the ores from that, the people don't mind, only if you break their pots...? lolthe NPC cities make it a pointless risk to mine if you are playing the mode where you drop stuff on death.They should be less frequent in my opinion, and the world and digging should be more interesting somehow.The block set is very nice, there is many blocks, furniture, and colors to use if you treat it as a casual building game or are interested in it in that regard.Overall a decent builder, other aspect leave a bit to be desired. I can't help but be dissapointed since I've been waiting since the game was announced and wanted so much more from it."
,Recommended,211820,9053668,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,DreaddJester,"I've had never been a huge Minecraft fan and I've never played Terraria....like ever.  So I bought this game based entirely on the fact that, ""everyone else is doing it so it must be good.""  I know, dad always said just because everyone else is jumping off a cliff doesn't mean I have to do it too....... But sometimes it's fun to jump off the cliff with everyone else.  With that known, this review will be from a non-Minecraft/Terraria fan and what my impressions are.My first game play into Starbound was solo.  After all, I didn't want to look like a complete n00b when I start playing with friends.  I think I was expecting some sort of 2D Minecraft, to which I wasn't let down in that aspect.  There was mining, crafting, building your home/base all those things that make Minecraft interesting.  Then I see one of those cute little aliens and I'm like, ""oh cool, hopefully it won't attack me at a snail’s pace like the monsters in Minecraft.........ohh, oohh.. WTF it's spraying some sort of fire barf all over me and jumping at me.  Good gods get it off... I'm dead.""  It would take me another few fights similar to that to get the hang of the combat system which thankfully is much more active than Minecrafts.  Being one who likes challenging game play, (my favorite game series is Monster Hunter after all,) this was the first thing in Starbound that made me want to play more.  Hanging out more in the game, discovering that different mobs do have different attacks and there are boss monsters, I've not been let down in this area.After reading a bit online about how to get a good start, (if you’re a game player that likes to be lead by the nose to everything you need to do in a game then you may not enjoy this game as much...) I felt I was ready for multi-player.  A friend of mine asked if I'd like to join him and off we went.  After playing a bit I've seen that multiplayer is certainly where it’s at in this game.  Don’t' get me wrong, solo was fun but there's just something about teaming up and traveling to other planets, building fancy bases, exploring random dungeons, it's all much more fun when you've got a friend to hang out with.  Throw in some Skype so you can hear each other panic as some monster from hell rips though your group and your set for some very fun times.Overall I enjoy the game a lot.  Even in early access there's a ton of content and things to do and well worth the money spent to buy it.  I eagerly look forward to what the future holds for this game.Pros:Minecraft style gathering, building, and craftingHundreds of sandbox worlds in one gameChallenging monster and boss fightsTons of content in terms of places to explore, an entire universe full of planetsEach planet has a different feel to itSurvival feels like survival since you actually have to eat and watch that you don't get too coldMultiplayer is tons of funReplay value is super highGreat musicShould only get better with ageCons:Very little guidance.  You will need out of game resources to figure out the game entirelySome monster fights can feel repetitive as they have similar combat modesPlanets can start to feel similar in terms of graphicsDifferent races seem to be only cosmetically different at the moment2D pixel graphics may turn some offStill in beta/early access so there are some crashes, glitches (tee hee) and maximization things that happenPlease note that many of the cons are things that will/may go away or be changed as the game leaves beta and gets more fleshed out.  Overall though the game is already well worth the listed price of $14.99us and if it's a game style you think you'd enjoy it will be money well spent."
76561198056071577,Not Recommended,211820,11408010,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Muther Rasha,"The game is disappointing for an early access game, but that doesnt mean its unbearable. The developers, however, treat their community like trash. I say don't buy this game just for how the developers treat us. It's not even worth buying for the game content at the moment."
,Not Recommended,211820,10762129,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jheffefy,"Do yourself a favor and dont buy this game, the devs barely update it and then defend their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game with fake reddit accounts"
76561198008705726,Not Recommended,211820,11341633,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rat Blood,"Did you like Terraria? You might like this game too! I would hold off for now though, its got some content to keep you busy for a while but it seems like such a hollow experience because at the end of the day you havent made any actual progress in the game. Grind, beat the bosses, get the armor sets, then look at your screen because youve just seen the whole game.In most cases I'm the first person to defend developers who take their time and really perfect their game. CF has really dropped the ball on this one. They do release frequent unstable builds, nearly every few days, but in all honesty that feels cheesy. Havent seen a legitimate update for months. I follow their blog, its clear they arent abandoning the game, as so many trolls are so quick to say, but they certainly dont seem to be anywhere near being able to actually add any of this new content to the game in a stable way.Final verdict, pass on this game for now, check in every few months on their blog and see what theyve accomplished. It isnt worth the money right now."
,Not Recommended,211820,11248477,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Varagod,Never updates. Not Actully from the Devs of Terraria. Small community. Rediculusly slow progress rate. Worst 15 dollars I've ever spent.
,Not Recommended,211820,12003097,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Quack,"This game and the devs are horrible, the game is just a massive grind of ""mine then boss then mine then boss"" which all feels bland, the devs hardly ever update it, never have any support, break promises, and are slow, just torrent it if you want to play it, the devs don't deserve the money."
,Not Recommended,211820,24490897,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Captain Angry Face,"I'll start off by saying that Starbound isn't a terrible game. It certainly has some positive qualities. It looks fairly nice; it's a very colorful game with some very well-designed sprites. The mechanics are pretty solid, it feels good to play the game for the most part. It also has the potential to provide hours upon hours of entertainment.But, despite some of these positive aspects to the game, there are huge problems with the game, and with the developer. I'll list some of these below.1. The first of these issues is that Starbound has been released as 1.0. This is a problem because Starbound is not a complete game, there are still changes to the game's features that the developers plan to make in the future, and in fact, some features have been removed from the game so that the 1.0 release wouldn't be delayed, with uncertain statements by the devs that theymayconsider re-adding them in the future, post-1.0.This is unacceptable in my opinion, because they're marketing this game as complete, and yet they may still end up making huge modifications that some players will be unhappy with, players who spent money on what they assumed was a final product.2. As I mentioned above, Chucklefish have removed content from their game, and this has happened on multiple occasions. I would not normally condemn a developer for something like this, but much of the stuff they've removed have been things they've shown off in multiple dev blogs, content they've spent many hours working on, content that had no realistic reason to be removed. Dozens of racial weapons, racial SAIL AI, local chat, a number of vanity item sets, and much more. No reason has been given for this removal of content, content that was interesting and, in many people's opinions, contributed to a game that was originally very complex in design.This further leads me to believe that this game is an unfinished product, and one that I fear may be subject to additional content removal in the future.3. The third issue I have with Starbound is not so much directed at the game as it is directed at the developers, but it's an issue that affects all consumers of their product; Chucklefish's unreliability. Throughout the development of Starbound, its five year development of which half was early access, Chucklefish have made promises that they've failed to deliver on and yet have made no attempts to apologize for or acknowledge. Several release dates have been given in the past over the course of these five years, and Chucklefish failed to meet all of them. On several occasions, Chucklefish promised there would be no more universe or player wipes, and yet time and time again they forcibly wiped universe and player files thanks to seemingly arbitrary changes to file structure which have never been explained.These would not be such concerning issues if Chucklefish had actually taken the time to explain to their players why these things were happening. Not once did we receive a blog post explaining why a release date had been missed, or why another universe/player wipe was forced.4. And then the storyline. Admittedly, this is more of a personal feeling of disappointment than a glaring, objective issue, but the storyline is so incredibly generic. It follows the most basic formula possible; I'll do my best not to spoil anything, but you, the main character and thus the center of the universe, are one of the few survivors of a catastophe. You escape on your own and have to find your way to the hub world, where you meet the plot device meant to drive the story further. You're buried in exposition and sent off on your quest to defeat the ultimate evil, which had been sealed away ages ago and is finally breaking free. Eventually you face off against it after working with a crew of unique individuals and destroy the evil once and for all.There was once a pretty interesting concept behind Starbound; you were a nobody trying to survive on your own after escaping certain doom, making do with what you could forage and build from the wild. They ended up trashing that idea and focusing time and effort on a boring story mission when their efforts should have been focused on the sandbox elements for their sandbox game.I could likely rant on about this, but I've rambled long enough. Starbound isn't a terrible game, but because of the issues it's had in development, I cannot in my right mind rate it positively. It wouldn't be fair to the people who are expecting to buy a complete title. As far as I'm concerned, until Chucklefish is satisfied with Starbound's features and has no intentions to change them further, it's still an early access game.TL;DR: Chucklefish spent five years on a game that they constantly removed assets from, dumbed down the story, broke promises for, and still can't decide whether their game should have new features added or not. Buyer beware, what you purchase now might very well be entirely different from what you own a year from now."
,Not Recommended,211820,11544466,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,"It's like Terraria in space, except it takes everything about Terraria and makes it an overall bland and boring experience. 10/10 don't recommend."
76561198010006963,Not Recommended,211820,11349719,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,zackbaus,"Early access is a joke, not falling for this again."
,Not Recommended,211820,11524734,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Earth,"One huge grind. Get tier armor, fight bland boss that can be exploited with ease, go to next teir planets, GET YOUR A-- KICKED, Finaly get ore from THE SURFACE, Fight another bland boss, rinse and repeat (Bosses end after teir 4). The only good weapons are the swords, which are all bland. The guns are useless. You cant prepare yourself for the next teir, because your armor becomes useless, and so do your weapons. The building sucks, not many blocks.  Their is no need to set a home base, just build everything on your ship. All planets just feel like reskins. Do not Buy! Wait untill its finished, which might be never seeing how many empty promises the Devs made. Just buy terraria. Terraria has replay value, unlike this game."
76561198049788438,Not Recommended,211820,11592722,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Embreaker,"The devs have been sleeping for a year or so, and the only version that is getting updated (few updates anyways) is the nightly, which is a super unstable version of the game, which never works after an update: you've to delete your char/worlds everytime there's a nightly update.It's a shame, because it could have been a cool game, literally the next terraria."
76561198411858011,Recommended,211820,34614908,Posted: 30 August,all,SurferOfTheWeb,"This game is what you would get it you wanted more out of Terraria. The modding community helps out this game's repeatability a lot. I fully reccomend this game for any Terraria or Minecraft fans. Finally, if you wanted more out of No Man's Sky, here it is. :)"
76561198028821704,Not Recommended,211820,12323898,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Mr.Spore,"The last update to the stable game was released in APRIL (read the edit). This is really frustrating as new content is not being added to the main stable game that is already lacking a lot of content. For some reason Chuckle fish is unable to sit down and spend time to get an update for stable. Who knows how long things will go un-updated, but I do know that this game will not reach a level where it will be worth $15 for a long long time if things continue this way. EDIT: Finally an update and it only took 10 months for it to come out. My opinion still stands until they show that they can keep an acceptable update schedule, that does not leave massive amounts of time inbetween updates."
,Not Recommended,211820,11252941,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,SnakeTooth,"I really did not enjoy this game. one of the reasons why is that the gameplay is too slow. I actually regret that I ever bought this trash. It just takes too long to progress. I already wasted about 3 hours of my life. Hours I can't get back. I would not recommend this game to anyone.Please for goodness sake don't buy this load of trash, it's just a waste of money."
,Not Recommended,211820,16514656,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Kalex54,"I bought this game a LONG time ago expecting it to be great, but I dont think its worth it (at least not in Early Acces), I only played 10 hours and it wasnt that fun."
76561198118065393,Not Recommended,211820,12670387,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sailor,"You can only play a game for so long before you've seen things twice. With Starbound I have most likely seen everything around 7 to 8 times as when a minor update came out, my character data would be wiped. Now although my character is no longer being wiped, there is nothing new being added to the game, which is honestly heart-breaking because the beta stage at first was fantastic. now... Not so much.I would also like to add that the screenshots above are LIES. I saw there first and was excited to build interesting looking builings with the blocks shown yet all I seemed to find were materials such a wood, stone, sand, mud and a different coloured sand. If you are going to show me what I can do, LET ME DO IT."
76561198045791479,Not Recommended,211820,12647175,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,chicken nugget scoon,Could be ok if they updated it but right now its pretty bad.I'd wait a while before buying.
76561198042372869,Not Recommended,211820,11251536,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Microsoft Access 2016,Lame
,Not Recommended,211820,12039467,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,LIFTING IS MY ANIME,"They took the money and ran, ♥♥♥♥ alpha games, ♥♥♥♥ indie, ♥♥♥♥ video games"
,Not Recommended,211820,11348204,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Layne,development was abandoned.
76561198071963283,Not Recommended,211820,11110722,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,The Cat Man,"Have patience my friend, it will be finished some day."
,Not Recommended,211820,11283201,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Code2200,The fun ended way to fast for this game....
,Not Recommended,211820,12578604,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Klkan,"No patch in ages, looks like an abandoned game, i regret buying this game.This is a prime example why *early access* must be removed from steam, for every finished product there are 100 starbounds. aw also the devs are deleting threads which they dont like...just putting it out there and nightly builds dont count...the core game hasnt been patched in ages"
76561197978824066,Not Recommended,211820,12753246,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Delusionaut,"Yes, I bought a ticket for the Starbound hype-train a long, long time ago and I hate to say that I completely regret the purchase. With so many features promised, who would have been crazy enough to pass up on a game essentially being the next Terraria?Sadly, this is not what Starbound is. This game alone, mainly due to Chucklefish's shortcomings as a developer, has turned me off of ""Early Access"" as a whole. Furthermore, it's these games that truly take away from Early Access and Kickstarter success stories with games like Don't Starve, and make consumers hesitant to help promising games get the much-needed funding to help get developer's visions off the ground and running.Promised updates that never came, Starbound is shaping up to be the next blunder of the gaming industry. I'm just happy that I wasn't among the hundreds of consumers that donated more than $15 to fund a vision that never came to fruition.Sorry guys, it's a very big resounding ""NO"" and ""PASS"" for me. I'm pretty sure there are thousands out there willing to say the same thing."
,Recommended,211820,17704850,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Ningle,"Fantastic even in an early access stage, well worth the money. If you like terraria (specifically building stuff, exploring and playing with friends), you'll love this. I have something like 100 hours in it."
,Recommended,211820,30662075,Posted: 21 March,all,ShaiSai,"This game is practically what'd happen if you took the openworld from Minecraft, the amount of content from Terraria, and the concept from No Man's Sky, and put those 3 together, Does it equal something worthwhile?It depends.If you're a fan of Terraria, you'll probably enjoy this game, If you're not, it's a hit or miss."
,Not Recommended,211820,10533782,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,heebi jeebi,Unfortunately this game didn't keep me as interested as terraria. Not to mention the FPS issues. Was expecting a lot more. =(
76561198036811612,Not Recommended,211820,10521874,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,crispy.banjo,"This game seems like it has bit yey to go in its development: it's almost a beta. At this stage, there are just too many frustrating hickups in the game experience, and google helps some, but not enough. Maybe in 12 months this title will be worth considering. But even early versions of Minecraft had enough about them to make them fun - and they also provided a complete experience.This title is fun, but experience is not complete. So the fun quickly gets frustrating."
,Not Recommended,211820,24508379,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Mordamir,"As a big fan of Terraria, I wanted to like this game. It`s ambitious and the core idea is great, but the developers seem to have bitten way more than they can chew. The TL;DR of it is that currently, the gameplay is not satisfying enough to compensate for all the UI flaws and bugs that still persist after many years of development. What follows is a more detailed explanation of why I wouldn't recommend Starbound.The game is all over the place: It wants to be story-driven (RPG elements), it wants to be a Terraria-like sandbox (which means combat, mining, construction, farming, etc. in a 2D environment), and it wants to expand that concept to incorporate space travel and multiple planets. And that is fine, nothing wrong with a game being ambitious! However, in my opinion, none of these things Starbound wants to be is particularly well implemented, everything is quite bland and par for the course.Anyway, after almost nine hours playing, I realized that the 'enjoyment X aggravation' scale was tilting heavily towards the latter. Here's why:>> Although planets have circular maps (there is no beginning or end to a map, as it just circles back into itself, which is nice), there are no minimaps of the planets' surfaces. Such a basic, fundamental feature shouldn't be missing.>> Death by hunger comes relatively easily, and the combination of limited inventory space plus the fact that many foods do not stack make hunger management a bigger annoyance than it should be. Also, the hunger meter goes down WAY too fast, as well as your HP bar once starvation is in effect (you could be dying of hunger within one or two day cycles, if you don't feed).>> At some point, when my food inventory was FULL, I was unable to assign food items to an empty slot in the quick bar. I actually needed to have multiple empty slots in the  quick bar before I could do that. So it's bad enough that you can't just eat from the inventory, which is a major UI flaw, considering how often you need to eat*. But then you need to deal with stupid bugs such as this, which requires you to wrestle constantly with the inventory system (one that isn't brilliant to begin with, I might add).* It's been pointed out to me that you can in fact eat from the inventory, by selecting the food item and then clicking an empty space outside the inventory box... which only reinforces my argument that the UI in this game is crazier than a three-legged cat trying to bury its poop on a frozen pond.>> Maybe I didn't go far enough into the game, but I didn't find combat satisfying at all. Movement is slow and the way you swing melee weapons doesn't feel right. I acknowledge the fact that this is a completely subjective assessment, but then again this is how reviews work. Please refer to masterpieces such as Castlevania SotN to see how 2D melee combat can be handled beautifully.>> Bugs, bugs, bugs! Many of them resulting in death and loss of items. The one that finally made me quit the game and write this review happened like so: I died during some battle, and appeared in the regeneration chamber on the ship, where you get the option to skip the regeneration animation. When I did so, my character respawned in freaking SPACE but WITHOUT the ship, then proceeded to die (which, granted, makes sense) and then a ♥♥♥♥load of items got dropped to the bottom of that screen, which is never accessible by any means, meaning the items were lost forever. Hours of grinding into the trash. Cue rage.Which brings us back to the TL;DR: Currently, I feel that Starbound's gameplay is not satisfying enough to compensate for all the UI flaws and bugs that still persist after many years of development. This is not some Early Access game that saw the light of day just last year. It's been out there for a while, and if it's not great now, I don't think I can trust the developers to make it great in the near future, or maybe ever? Yep, lets go with that. In contrast, it's amazing how smoother (as in relatively bug-free), more sophisticated and satisfying Terraria is. Maybe it's an unfair comparison, I don't know. All I can say is I'd rather go back to Terraria than playing another minute of Starbound right now."
76561198042110429,Recommended,211820,32880563,Posted: 27 June,all,icypaw :D,Awesome game for playing alone or with friends
76561197997537896,Not Recommended,211820,22824066,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Saltie,"I want to start to say, i`m fully aware this is early access, but...From what i understand we`re in the last stages of the beta phase, and so far this game just ain`t going to work.I`ve played a lot of terarria and really liked that game alot, now i will not compare a 1.3 released game with a beta game, but i will however point out the strenghts terarria had and starbound misses.Don`t get me wrong though, i think starbound has great potential,and i really would like to see this game succeed.Now the things starbound gets right so far, is the building, it`s much better compared to terarria, and for building only i would reccomend this game but...As we know this game is more then just building, and that`s where things go wrong.I always loved to mine in Terarria, and starbound is no exception, but it feels wayyyy out of balance, i`ll explain why.To start off with the Matter manipulator, i think it`s a great tool, and a cool feature to add in the whole space setting, but the problem is, once you maxed it`s upgrades, it feels like the best thing there is, completely making drillls useless (unless drilling magmarock)Also, mining is just wayyyy too easy, once you get to risky, or dangerous planets, you`re litteraly showred with ores.Daimonds start to feel like copper ore, and the last 3 high tier ores are far from rare.This unfortunaly completely removes the fun out of mining, its just dig down a little bit, and prepare to find metric tons of ores.in short i really miss the Terarria style mining, where you would need a new tool to mine the new ores and such, or in this case a specific upgrade for the Matter Manipulator.Now for the combat..In the begin i felt a slight challenge, but as soon as i found a couple of better weapons, i felt indestructible, to my great suprise i had end game gear very VERY quickly.The boss battles right now are too easy, none of them provided a real challenge.Also the weapons at this point feel kinda boring, some are pretty nice with there special ability`s, others are just meh.What i really miss are those crazy weapons from terarria, for example a gun that shoots homing bees, and such.I could go on and on what`s missing, but i don`t want to be too harsh on this game, like i said i really want this game to work.But right now it needs some serious challenge in it.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now for my top 2 complaints about this game,The performance.... i`m playing this game with my Wife and we both get bogus performance in this game at certain points, i would like to point out we`re far above the requirements to play this game, and honestly, bad performance in a game like this in 2016 is just unexcusable, on top of that i found 2-3 year old forum posts about this problem and the answer ""They`re working on it"" If this game is in it`s last phase of development i would seriously consider putting a halt on new content, and start optimising.My second big complain is multiplayer, You can not use steam to connect to your friends, you have to manually enter the ip number in game....Come on... we`re in 2016 this really gives it a bad look imo.So should you buy this game?Well, if your just in to building, sure go ahead! it`s fun to find nice planets and colonize them.But for all others parts of the game, just no.. i feel like i seen end game content i didn`t earn yet.I really hope this game will work, but at this stage it needs a lot of work."
,Not Recommended,211820,11996924,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,InternalizedOpression,"now, i am not trying to stop anyone from buying this game, but i had progressed immensly in this game, then i get back on after about a week and poof! gone! i had lost ALL of my starmap upgrades, my home, my different crafting tables, basiccly everything that i didnt have on me or in my ship. please fix this chucklefish"
,Not Recommended,211820,11993876,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Snick Snack,ded gaem
,Not Recommended,211820,11943854,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,いただき﻿MUSCLE~☆,"It's Terraria, but in space. Also less magic, less interesting weapons, less overall content, linear gear-oriented progress and more total system overhauls once the devs realized their initial decisions were abhorrently bad and needed to be fixed."
76561198014271536,Not Recommended,211820,10782528,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,HalotheTurtle,BOOOOO urns
,Not Recommended,211820,11347279,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ケロ,"Good Game, if you're looking for Towns 2.0.In a nutshell, this is a good game. It's decently designed enough, the concepts are fun, and it's pretty decent in general.Then you get to the Dev team.They censor the steam forums, censor the reddit, censor their own forums, and keep and negative feedback from getting out, instead either calling them trolls, banning them from the forums for ""using an alt accout"", or blaming it on websites they can't monitor and control as well as this.The game hasn't had any real updates in months, despite the recent ""nightly builds"", which test out lackluster concepts in a seperate version of the game. Given that this is meant to be a beta, you shouldn't need a seperate beta to test anything else out.As well as all of this, the game was ment for a 2013 release, but was pushed back without warning, and the people who preordered the game rather than buying it here are being denied refunds.Steer clear until the game is finished, and finished WELL."
,Not Recommended,211820,20713392,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Sin,"The developers seem incapable of actually finishing this game, so if you don't want to play an Early Access game that is subject to changes for the foreseeable future, don't buy this. This is offset by the fact that it is pretty fun. If you like this type of game, you'll probably enjoy playing Starbound. However, as I said, the developers keep adding useless and, frankly, stupid changes to the game rather than simply creating a solid finished product."
76561198055335305,Not Recommended,211820,11274801,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,High Octane Sexual Predator,Dont bother buying it waste of money i played terraira over and over again and i was hoping this would be the same but it just dosnt hit the spot
76561198034488512,Not Recommended,211820,11609421,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,efl1245,"It looked like it'd be a cool alternative to Terraria, but Terraria does everything this does but much better. I got bored of this game after only a few hours.It also seems like one of those games that will be in ""Early Access"" forever."
76561198114568279,Not Recommended,211820,11958125,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Spengebeb,"The devs need to hurry the ♥♥♥♥ up because I'm honestly getting tired of waiting.I bought this a while ago and saw some awesome update NEWS, but I didn't see ONE of them in progress. I had amazing fun witht his game, but if they don't hurry up with installing some♥♥♥♥♥♥ then no, it's not recommended."
,Not Recommended,211820,11480151,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Kapitän Dietrich,"Don't bother getting this game. Not even worth it at it's current state. The Devs of it cannot take ANY form of criticism at all, and scam you out of your money if you buy the game. All biomes are the same, just with a different colour or background. Monsters are literally, all the same, just with different body parts. The UI is bugged and terrible, game crashes normally and is glitchy. In my opinion, I think Chucklefish have their heads too far up their asses to even do anything right, I'm surprised they know how to breathe."
,Not Recommended,211820,11514539,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Heavy Havoc ®,Can't delete my character -1/10
,Not Recommended,211820,12943905,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Teflon,"I love the game, but i cant recommend it based on its empty promises and abandonment."
,Not Recommended,211820,12422727,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,five finger death punch,terraria but less fun
,Recommended,211820,7929006,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Krizzeus,"Much Terraria, very minecraft, so awesome game, 10/10 would play again.In all seriousness this game is really great, especially considering its only in early access so far.The game is missing a few features/options I wish it had, I don't really care much about bugs since that is expected but the game do miss some important features and I will list them below.● It don't really have a tutorial and since this game is kinda complex and hard unless you played minecraft or terraria before a tutorial could be well needed.● It doesnt really have that many options and no options for controls, atleast not that I could find ingame, I don't know if there is a config file that you can edit but that should not be needed for a game.● You can't delete your character ingame you have to go to the installed game folder and find your player file there and delete it which im sure not many people even know about.Now some of the good points and features about this game.●Awesome graphics and environment for this kind of game.●Nice variation of monsters and they look funny and cool.●Really good and relaxing ingame music, altough I usually listen to my own music when I play games like this.●Copies minecraft and terraria quite a bit which I don't think is a bad thing since those games were good and successful, but the game also does its own thing and put in new stuff which is awesome!●I really love the whole spaceship thingy and atmosphere.●Good amount of customization and species and from my understanding you will be able to mod your characters looks and outfit later on, kinda like you could in minecraft.●Good multiplayer which makes the game even more fun! Nothing beats building, hunting, gathering with friends!So I guess this is all I got to say for now about the game since I haven't really spent that much time in it but I can already recommend the game, especially if you liked minecraft or terraria, I am sure you will enjoy this game, and it is only about 13,99€."
76561198077185411,Not Recommended,211820,16987476,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Nox Noceo,"I cannot, in good conscience, recommend this game in its current state. I despise the mission system to the point that I have yet to beat the first boss. Originally it was a fresh and interesting game where each planet more than likely had something that you had not yet seen. You could summon and dispatch bosses at your own leisure to get to the next sector and find yet more unexplored planets full of interesting stuff. Now it has come out on the other side of the last patch as crap. There is nothing interesting about it that I can find anymore. Just an annoying boss and no incentive to keep dying. If they release an option for players to use the old system as a ""Free play"" or something like that then I will recommend from then on, but right now a flower has yet to bloom from the steaming pile of refuse."
76561198006695110,Not Recommended,211820,17015800,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Papi,Not recommended.  The other negative reviews pretty much sum it all up.
,Not Recommended,211820,13014153,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Howlune,"Broken promises in terms of updates and basically any forward movement with the game in general. Hype and excitement met with complete disappointment. It's as if the devs have shifted their attention elsewhere. The devs also decided to move their office to a new location right afer releasing the initial state of the game, which drastically halted any true means of progress. They talk about updates on their site often, but they barely ever impliment them. When they do, none of them are game changing.This is the kind of thing that makes me want to steer clear of early access more and more. When this happens to a different game in the same nature, my friend likes to label it as being ""starbounded""."
76561198037516364,Not Recommended,211820,12431455,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,CrashTESTduhmmy,"For me, this was a waste of money. I spent 2 hours on this game and was completely turned off by the fact that its so bland.... I know that it is in Beta, but a year has passed, and nothing was accomplished to make this game better."
76561197972647959,Recommended,211820,31356272,Posted: 25 April,all,Tyr,"Played this game for 7 hours now, Absolutely love it so far. Feels already a deep and lore filled game. I love the 2Dsidescrolling action. The controls are very smooth and feel right.  7 hours in and I want more of the story which is a great story. 10/10 for me as its...1. Great Price2. Great controls3. Great 2D pixel art4. Great fun5. Great music6. Great Lore7. Great customization8. Great Dev team9. Great LOLs moments10. Great big universeSo yeah 10/10 for me and my scoring system.  :)"
76561197965161095,Not Recommended,211820,29192657,Posted: 11 January,all,Veno,"An incredible game with a fatal flaw. Everyone plays games like this for one reason, but that reason is different for everyone. Some like thebuilding, some like the exploring, some like the combat (though this game's combat is awful)... But I'll cut right to the point. What is the fatal flaw? Player Griefing. You can destroy anything you want, anytime you want. What's worse? Join a party, and you can go to anyones ship in your party and take anything you please, even trash the place.What's worse? The Fix for this problem ALREADY EXISTS IN THE GAME, but it's unaccessable. Shield generators which protect tiles from destruction exist, so why is it so absurdly difficult for these developers to allow us to use them to protect our hard work? I spent MONTHS building and creating complex and incredible planets and structures... and all I ask for in return is the ability to protect my work from the complete obliteration of a griefer.Aside from that, this game is wildly expansive and feels like the next generation of terraria. It really is an incredible game and I've loved playing it. I have loved the storyline and single player which other games lack, and dozens of the other features that this game features which really make it feel just simply wonderful. This is a 5 star game all the way.............once that flaw is corrected. Because of this flaw, I cannot enjoy my creations with the public, I have to sit to my own self or my two trusted friends. I'll never be able to share my server until this flaw is fixed, so I sadly must give this rating a Not Recommended until this absurd flaw is corrected. Because I find myself not wanting to ever play it again as long as everything I design and build through endless hours of work can be destroyed in seconds by anyone I want to share it with.As soon as the developres put in a reasonable solution to anyone with or without modding/programming knowledge, this will switch to yes and become my favorite and most recommended game."
,Recommended,211820,31243214,Posted: 19 April,all,Ghostface,"""Us penguins are unflappable"""
,Not Recommended,211820,16460540,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,patondeez,"This was the first 'early access' game I ever bought, I didn't actually realize that meant it wasn't done. So I decided to wait until it was out of 'early access' to play it, I check back every few months. I'm starting to doubt that this game will ever be released. Never again, early access."
76561198100121779,Not Recommended,211820,14215044,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dark Knight Def,"I bought this game at full price nearly a year ago, while it was in EARLY ACCESS. Since then, the game is still not a finished product and is in EARLY ACCESS at the time of this review. It's fun for what it is, but any hopes of maintaining a character that you have built from scratch was destroyed over the last few months after many character and world resets. Though, Chucklefish (the developer) has stated that there will be no more full character or world resets from here on out.In addition, I don't really agree that I need to rent a server just to play multiplayer with other people that own the game. There are other options to get a multiplayer game going, but it's not something your run-of-the-mill gamer will know how to do. There are growing pains when trying to get your multiplayed games going, and what started out as fun slowly trickled into dissapointment. A year might a little long to be in the EARLY ACCESS stage of development.The gameplay and soundtrack were what drew me in a first. It plays similar to Terraria, and having different races and racials made it interesting.If it wasn't for the massive Winter update they had in 2014, I almost assumed that the developers had abandoned this game. Starbound has a lot of potential and can very fun, but I don't recommend buying it until it's a finished product."
,Not Recommended,211820,16449271,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Balki23,"Broken promisesCrushed dreamsThe only good thing this game did, is make me very wary of ever buying an EA game ever again."
,Recommended,211820,30014895,Posted: 18 February,all,Pillowsalt Aisling,Cute. Fun. Hours of exploration and timely enjoyment.
12394802938409238,Not Recommended,211820,11888691,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Mr.Jack,"It's basically Terraria without the complexity.  Theres virtually nothing underground (for the most part), it relies heavily on pixels (currency) and the crafting system is horrible.  This game has been beta for a very long time and nothing has been added or modified.  It has a very linear path that you have to follow in order to progress to other planets.  The combat is sloppy and random.  The resource management is awful, even if you have a pretty decent rig like mine, there are parts of the game that still chop.   I don't know if the developers are still working on this game to be honest, but don't buy it. At least don't buy it yet.  As it is right now, its really disappointing."
,Not Recommended,211820,11599319,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Speaker,"Give it another five years, it might be done by then. Unfortunately, that relies on the developers coming down from the cocaine mountain they built with everybody's money, so, chances are slim.Heartbreak/10 - It had potential"
76561198081449091,Not Recommended,211820,11558557,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,MonkeyNutsMatt,"This game has so much potential, for an early access game it looks as if it would be worth the price tag.  However if you are left handed DO NOT buy this game, with no simple way to change key bindings you will find it impossible to play, being forced to use AWSD instead of the arrow keys completely ruins the experience.  I will not be touching this game until this issue is rectified .... if it ever is !! I say this because looking on forums there have been a lot of complaints about this since christmas 2013.  If they still haven't sorted an issue as simple as this I don't hold out much hope for the development of the game.  A tutorial is available online telling you how to change your bindings using your local files , but I and many others have had issues with this and is not a justifiable solution for a game aiming to be as good as Terraria etc.This said, if you are comforatable being forced to play in the style that suits the developers,  i'm sure it would be a worthy buy, however, don't take my word for this because as I said, i've been able to rack up no more than 3 minutes in game time."
,Not Recommended,211820,11608537,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Smusi,"--EARLY ACCESS REVIEW--I bought this game because people were saying that it was going to be the next terraria, but seriously, if it isn't in sale, don't buy this game. I understand it's in early access, but after i bought this game i can tell ther is only have been like 6 updates or so, and the last update was a long time ago. Yes, there are mods, but i need more things to do in the normal game to recommend this game. 6/10Although the music is really good."
,Recommended,211820,8436407,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,HUGE CUP,You don't have to wear pants in this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,10476351,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,nil,Pretty boring
76561197961258224,Not Recommended,211820,12769641,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Wildhound,"I can only assume the developers made enough money from early access that they lost interest in finishing the game.I spent a bit of time trying to find the fun in this, then realised they hadn't added it in yet. Almost a year later, they still haven't. It's been without updates for the best part of a year and looks to have been abandoned.Avoid."
,Not Recommended,211820,24511105,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nathaniel,"As a preface, I had been following Starbound since it's first announcement, purchased it the day it came onto Steam (a copy for me and a friend) and have been following development on and off for a few years. Recorded playtime wise, I don't seem reliable, but I have been watching this game flourish- or moderately expand in this case.If you don't know what Starbound is, it is a 2 dimensional procedurally generated sandbox RPG, bearing many similarities to Terraria if you've ever seen/played that. I'm sure other reviews go into depth on exactly what Starbound is, so I won't waste your time and will instead explain why I do not recommend this game.Pros:Relaxing soundtrack.Able to make your own colony (not really as cool as you would expect, unfortunately).Co-Op and multiplayer can be fun if you have people to play with.Planet coordinates system is really cool if you want to explore a planet that someone else has discovered.Cons:The progression system seems unbalanced.The procedurally generated content doesn't ever surprise you or seem unique. Once you've seen one thing you've seen it all.Many features in the game are simply fluff that contribute no real value overall.Interesting features removed during development.Missing critical features that really should be here.Side-questing seems completely boring at worst and pointless at best.The Issue with StarboundI can't seem to find the right words to make this super lengthy and in detail (third time trying to write this section), so I'm going to simply touch on the issues that stuck out to me in the cons section above.The progression system seems unbalanced.- So Starbound has crafting, looting, and buying and selling. These ideas tend to clash with each other more often than not which makes the progression system speedy for some parts and slow for others. For instance, crafting weaponry for the first few hours is seemingly useless as almost all the loot you find will be better. Then as you take on harder monsters, loot you find will become useless in favor of crafting. It's the opposite for armor in the beginning. You'll find almost no armor requiring you to craft it. If you do find any in loot, it'll almost be guarenteed to be worse than your current stuff due to how all armor is defined intiers. It's inconsistent.The procedurally generated content doesn't ever surprise you or seem unique. Once you've seen one thing you've seen it all.- This is heartbreaking because it's the soul of Starbound. The pool for parts that the planet generator picks from feels really small, as almost all your planets will look and feel exactly the same. For a game that has you jumping across the universe, it's really jarring when you warp lightyears away to a distant planet only to see that the major difference is theleaves are white and slightly bushy. The same goes for the creatures you find. Creatures are either unique, procedurally generated, or bosses. Unique are specifically created by the developers as are bosses. You'll end up running into the exact same unique creatures more often than not and it really makes the planets feel even more uniform. Once in a while you'll find a generated one, but they seem so uninspired and not-fleshed-out that you'll probably wonder what the point is anyway.Many features in the game are simply fluff that contribute no real value overall.- The game has a story. This is a good thing as it will provide a decent amount of base content for you. Unfortunately once you're done with that, there really doesn't feel like there's a point to continue playing. Yes, you can create a colony which is an interesting feature. Yes, you can go around collecting various creatures from different planets to make a zoo of sorts (which would be much more interesting if the creatures were more diverse). But the problem is this: there is no point other than personal satisfaction. This is a good thing for some and if it is, more power to you. However, some people like myself need a good incentive to use these features. Why make a colony when you can have a crew and can visit the Outpost for buying and selling? It's a decently fleshed out feature but ultimately pointless. I'm sorry to make the comparison, but in Terraria having a colony was essential becausethere were no other alternatives. Why make a zoo or catch a companion if you already fare well by yourself in combat, and the creatures aren't interesting in their own right?Interesting features removed during development.- So when Starbound was first released here, it had a hunger system, a dynamic temperature system, an enemy leveling system, a destruction system, and a few others I can't recall. Hunger recently came back which was received happily, but most of the other systems have been watered down and spread out across the game to the point where they're barely recognizable. Temperature is just now extremely cold planets or extremely hot planets all the time which are circumvented by wearing a magical backpack. Enemy leveling is now simple overall planet threat level (which is far less interesting and dynamic). The destruction system was almost completely removed (you could shoot out walls and break things with projectiles, which some people disliked but I found it to be an interesting mechanic).Missing critical features that really should be here.- The game has no pause function. Some people will argue to the death saying that the game does not need one. Here's the thing- this isn't Dark Souls. You're not often in super-intense situations where pausing the game would cheapen the effect. This isn't so much a problem on casual difficulty, but if you have the hunger system enabled, hit esc to go tend to something, you may be surprised to find yourself back on the ship with 30% lost money and most of your items gone since you starved to death in your absence. This is something that really irks me. Being able to pause inanygame is absolutely essential. If somebody knocks at my door, I shouldn't need to be in a situation where I either need to save and quit (losing any progress if on a planet since you're warped back to the ship on load) or risk losing all my stuff and some money because my character starves while I'm away. The excuses that have been given to this issue are even more outlandish, being along the likes of, ""This would break multiplayer"" and ""Single player is basically local client side multiplayer"" in which case I would point to Minecraft which also has a perfectly functional pause menu while having everything done on a local server. The game also doesn't have any sort of auto-saving of any capacity- or even conventional saving. In order to save, you must save and quit to the menu. No mid-game saving and if your game crashes or power goes out, then you've lost all progress from your previous save which could easily be hour wasted. I never judged the game too harshly about this and figured it would surely be added when the game was released. Unfortunately, this is not the case and is mind boggling that the game managed to go through almost 3 years of QA in the form of Early Access and still not have this.Side-questing seems completely boring at worst and pointless at best.- This game also has questing- which is also a good thing as it adds variety. Unfortunately it's similar to most of the other features in that it is ultimately pointless. Rewards that are given to you are laughable compared to the effort that you need to put in for some of them. Travelling half-way across the entire planet to find somebody, travelling all the way back while protecting them for a bag that will most likely randomly give me a few torches or some throwing daggers? No thank you.out of space"
76561198060219701,Not Recommended,211820,24491717,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,lostcraft,"In short: Wait until on sale.Starbound is an ambituous sandbox game that has often been described as ""Terraria in space""- far in the future, you are the lone survivor of Earth's destruction and flee in a badly damaged spaceship. At some point your engines fail and you're stranded... but despite the bleak outlook not all is lost. First of all, you've been trained as some sort of intergalactical super-scout and you still have some basic tools. Second, several alien races are known, and spread all around the universe (in fact you may very well belong to one of those alien races). And finally, you quickly come across a hospitable planet with an honest-to-god warp gate, Earth's gone, yes, but you have a whole universe to explore.Starbound runs the full gamut of features one has come to expect from 2D sandbox games- mine materials, craft stuff, get and modify tools, weapons and armour, learn abilities, farm and harvest food, collect collectibles, and generally do whatever you like. The ambituous bit is that in Starbound, there is a very, very... very huge universe of randomly generated planets, each with different biome combinations, gravity, flora and fauna. And the player gets to play as one of  six different species, all of them actually very interesting in both design and lore: While it's always nice to play as a generic human you may want to try your luck as a sentient plant with a passion for stabbing everything, a military bird with religion issues, an ape with a fear of Big Brother, a robot stuck in Middle Age mode, a narcist aquatic philosopher or a living star with the attention span of a tiny kitten. Your choice.Just like everything, really: The game does have a set of quests that will require you to upgrade your equipment and ship, and leads you to discovering the reason for Earth's destruction (plus you get to fight said reason, which apparently has tentacles). But maybe you don't care for that, maybe you just want to find a really cool planet and build a settlement there. Or become a carrot farmer. Or, always popular, build a really large structure out of really rare blocks? Up to you.On paper, this sounds amazing. The full package: Exploring, questing, fighting with procedurally generated weapons and seeing all sorts of really cool creatures, becoming an interstellar badass with the most awesome spacecraft anywhere, and at the end of the day, hanging out in your cool, hand-build mansion drinking space tea? If you are not exited by now I don't know what makes you tick.But: Starbound is really just a decent game. Now that it has officially been released I feel justified to say that the game has barely changed since the last Giraffe update. It does have a lot of very good ideas but none of them feel exactly fleshed out, thought all the way through. Starbound is a game where the graphic designers had all the fun, and as a result, it is a visually impressive game with extremely good building mechanics, surrounded by floaty controls, arkward combat, clunky UI and not even a way to pause the game.The game does look great. There really is a sense of wonder when you first enter a planet. There are tons of assets, not just really very many different biomes, all with blocks you can harvest, but also insane numbers of furniture, craftable objects and decorations. Just the different types of trees you see! And really, Starbound is at its best with its sweeping mellow music playing as you sit down and build yourself something nice to live in. You can actually start settlements and it will attract people to join your crew and net you some nice things. I wish putting up a complex, cool-looking house would be just as easy in Terraria. And I wish it would look as good there because Starbound's pixel art can't be praised enough, it's amazing, it's plentyful and it. is. gorgeous.But then you run into yet another monster that will kill you because of a hiccup in the utterly annoying combat animations. Or you'll fall and slip and drop dead because your little badass didn't stop when you told him to. And that's just some very basic and obvious problems.The sheer scope of the game does not make it better. Endless planets sound amazing but in the end the planets are really not that different and you usually want at least some sort of purpose to travelling. There's also no comfortable way to warp between different bases/settlements/whatever until you purchase ridiculously overpriced teleporters, which aren't explained very well in-game to begin with. Equipment you find can be so overpowered it's not even funny anymore but still fail to give you a chance against an odd low-level enemy. I can't comment on the quest chain, and how long it is, but while it is enjoyable enough to get send around the galaxy and actually do stuff it doesn't actually seem to make things happen, apart from me getting better stuff. Add to that the typical slew of just-released bugs that will need fixing, and you have a game that is often just as frustrating as it is nice to look at.What I am curious about now is how Starbound will be treated post-release. It had a long development cycle and it has taken criticism for various reasons, but in the end Chucklefish did deliver a game with tons of things to do. Only most of them don't work all that well. Will the game that already earned its makers a ton of money be fixed up and treated well post release? I am not talking about mods. It should never be a modder's job to fix flaws for the developers. With some maturing Starbound could become much better. That takes time. Minecraft and Terraria are perfect examples of game that started very simple and then grew into beloved classics. Starbound could do the same and it already has a much wider starting ground. Personally, I hope to see Starbound aging well.For now, I don't recommend getting the game outside of a sale. Terraria has a smaller scope but has been brought to the point where things are so crisp and smooth you'll probably enjoy your adventures on one reasonable large map. In terms of mechanics, feel and sense of progression, it still is the better game. Starbound still is worth a look, and I'd recommend a purchase when it's on sale. Your progress there will be bumpier but gods it often just oozes atmosphere."
,Not Recommended,211820,12457705,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,timecop,they tried
76561198062883424,Not Recommended,211820,10500733,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,munchyy1991,Wait for the game to be finished.Not worth it right now.
76561198114378934,Not Recommended,211820,11583786,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Crabjock,"I was very indecisive about which account I should put this game on. I think I made the right choice, putting it in my ""meh, I dunno about this"" account. It pretty much sums up my opinion of it.I have absolutely no idea where they are going with this thing. When I bought in, I thought I had a good idea about what I was getting, but with constant changes in development, I really just don't know anymore. Sure, developing a game requires changes here and there, but SB is a game that really has no idea what it wants to be ultimately. It doesn't give the buyer much faith if the Devs keep changing their ideas. I can't possibly believe this game to be a ""vision"" when the vision changes every week.When I bought in, I was given this picture. Like all other early access games, you are given a gist of what's to come. When that ""gist"" is deluded with constant backtracking, and slow development, how can one help but to feel left in the dark?Here recently, there is a lot of talk about ""progression"". What is being described with this new content is NOT what I was expecting in this game.This linear progression stuff that is being talked about is fine in some games, but in a game that uses a procedural generated universe as its foundation, I feel the mechanics will collide.Resources as they are right now serve a very finite use. Once you've made your favorite top tier armor, found your favorite weapons and other gear, the whole value of resources comes to a halt. I would be okay with this if the mechanics change in the future, but it doesn't look like it's going to with this talk about ""armor progression"". It seems as if they want you to eventually find your favorite armor, favorite weapon, and that's that. Like I said, that's fine in some games, but in a game meant to be ""sandbox"", it doesn't fit well.So my question is: Why go procedural? It seems like a lot of pointless work. If I get armor and other items that don't require iron anymore (for example), why have an infinite, procedurally generated universe full of the stuff? To build with? Okay, sure. But building needs to connect to everything else in the game. I don't want to build just for the sake of building. I want to build to store and maintain my value and power in the universe. Not just build and horde items I'll never use again. What about selling this iron? Okay, sure. But if I already got my fav gear, do tell what I'll be buying with this money I'll be making.Resources need to have a constant tangible and economical value in a game meant to have no true end. In a game like Minecraft, having a procedurally generated world works because ALL resources need to be maintained. Since all materials need to be maintained, it has a constant value to all players at all times. All the mechanics come full circle because of this. In SB, the linear mechanics collide with the non-linear mechanics because it does have this infinite universe with resources, but they will eventually fill their finite use.Imagine in Minecraft once you've made a certain pickaxe, it never broke, and it never needed to be maintained. What would happen? You would no longer need to look for that material, and that whole massive world holds no value to you anymore. Now I'm not comparing Minecraft to SB as the same game, I'm only comparing the procedural generation mechanic they both share.I'm not saying weapon degradation needs to be in SB to make it work. I'm just saying it needs something to make this infinite playing field flow smoothly. Otherwise, we are all going to get our top tier armor, our favorite top tier weapon, and run around killing each other for the sake of killing each other.I want battles that are about power and resource. It's the key motivation for any pvp. You can't blame me for thinking that SB was going to be this. So much features promised, and so many different things planned, I feel that everyone who bought in found something about it they wanted, and they pictured their own little piece of paradise within it. That right there is what was banked on.Do I recommend this? How can I recommend something that changes it's tune constantly? It's a moving target right now, so no, I can't possibly recommend it. I don't know who it's trying to please in the long run. All I can say is: If you got the money to blow, and you're curious, go for it. If not, just wait and see what it will be when it's considered ""finished"". Whatever that means anymore."
,Not Recommended,211820,11535685,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Apple of the Earth,"TLDR: Don't buy this game, or at least wait for it to be finished first.  Now that the hype has died down, people are starting to see that this is just a suckier version of Terraria.I wanted Terraria in space.  I needed Terraria in space.  I thought I was paying for Terraria in space...but no...I like a lot of things about this game.  The art style, the music, the concept, the sense of adventure, but in its entirety, this game falls flat on its face.  When you start out, you'll have a few tutorial quests teaching you how to do things, and you'll cut down trees and make a fire, and then you'll be sent out into the world.  In my first few hours, I found military bases, ancient pyramids, sewer monsters, and all sorts of fun stuff like that.  The frustrating thing was that when I got to these places I usually got killed instantly by the enemies there.Now, here's the devastating part.  To get armor and weapons, you need to get a bunch of metal bars and pixels.  Pixels are what everything is made of in Starbound, so you'll need them to make everything.  So even though you have a bunch of iron bars, and you want to make an iron chestpiece, you'll still need pixels to do it.  You get pixels by killing monsters, but when you die, you lose two thirds of your pixels.  So you'll need to be very careful, killing monsters one at a time and sleeping or bandaging if you get hurt between fights, which is just waiting and waiting.  And you will get hurt, because monsters in this game move at lightning speed, and they jump thirty feet into the air, so you can't hit them with your bow (Which wouldn't kill a monster at your level in just one full charge anyway), and then they kill you instantly when they get close.  And after a couple of hours of frustration, you finally have that iron chestpiece.  After that, to get the bow, sword, helmet, and pants, rinse and repeat.And here's the best part:  Once you get fully geared up and the monsters aren't a challenge, you move out of the Alpha sector and move onto the Beta sector!  And you get insta-killed by the monsters again!  So start grinding to get that gear!  (If I wanted to grind in a video game, I'd play World of Warcraft, which is mind-numbing in a pleasant way instead of an agonizing one.)Compared to Terraria, where it was really fun to to progress through the tiers of gear, and fight bosses, and make cool houses (In Starbound, time doesn't pass on a planet when you're not on it, so be prepared to have a farm and all of your chests on your ship), Starbound is too repititive and grindy.  I haven't gone through all of the game's tiers yet, but I've put over fourty hours into it, and I feel like that's enough to give it a fair judgement.  Of these fourty hours, perhaps half of them were spent in either frustration or the mind-numbing sensation of doing the same thing over and over to reach a goal.I believe that Chuckfish have said they'll change the progression system in the future, but this game is in Beta.  I'm not giving this game a negative review because an ice planet I went to had a warm temperature, or a lava planet was freezing.  I'm not giving this game a negative review because it's a bit laggy for a 2D game with pixel graphics.  I'm not giving this game a negative review because they haven't added in a wide enough variety of food, or guns.  I'm giving this game a negative review because its mechanics seem to be utterly broken, and if it's that way in Beta, I doubt they'll ever be able to fix it.Edit:  This review is out of date, and I really don't feel like updating it.  Sorry."
,Not Recommended,211820,11945173,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,<Dash/>,"So, it had been ages since I last played this game, which was originally gifted to me on another Steam account - After 200+ hours on that account, I really fell in love with the game, and without second thought, purchased a 2nd copy for my main account.HUGE. ♥♥♥♥ING. MISTAKE."
,Not Recommended,211820,11917583,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Pablos De Taco,"i know it's in early deelopment but god damn this sucksok the ship is ok but if you have that that is the point of building a house everything is crypticthis is not worth your moneyi prefer tereria because oh thats right IT""S NOT A COMPLETE RIP OFF OF TERERIA3/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,11309165,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Psycho Chesire (chuckman1288),"I like this game, the only problem that is keeping me from enjoying it is the fact that the cpu usage will go  to 100% majority of the time, which will render the game nearly unplayable, and that there is some lag issues, but the game is in alpha, so I can't really say whats going to actually happen, or when, but this game runs smooth for others for some reason, and nothing is wrong with my computer by the way."
,Not Recommended,211820,12737175,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Skeletonking,Towns 2: electric boogalooEDIT: Looks like Chucklefuk FINALLY released a first real update after a year.
,Recommended,211820,12958162,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Swirly_Cat_Anus,"Amazing game, but I recommend waiting until the full release."
76561198102138346,Not Recommended,211820,22961181,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,ipic909,Well adleast i learned that  buying early acces games is stupid and i will never do it again
76561198022549304,Not Recommended,211820,12959481,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,pandaflex,"Given that the pace of 'actual' development--not 'i coded this useless thing' and 'look at this extraneous artwork'-- is essentially zero, i have no faith the team will ever release this. While the team is undoubtedly talented, and have made a great...beginning of a game, it will never be complete, and will never be what it could have been, what was promised, and what I paid money for.I'm not interested in sponsoring endless development, I don't care how awesome 'useless flavor-of-the-week feature X' is, and I don't care how you feel about 'making progress' or 'what 1.0 means'. I want a delivered product that can be judged on its merits. By not releasing it, chucklefish is getting away working on random fun things, rather than what would actually make this a complete game."
,Recommended,211820,13034595,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,James Ouroboros,"I do recommend this game, however there seems to be the same problem with Starbound that Cube World faced, and that is the lack of regular updates and thus people thinking that the devs ran off with the money and that people shouldn't buy this game. Many people on Steam have said that they rue the day they bought this, but I honestly enjoy it. The reason that I still recommend this game is because it IS still being worked on despite what these reviews say. Yes, it has been a long while since the last update, but the fact of the matter is that the game is being actively worked on and you can see this through the fact that they release nightly builds akin to Minecraft's pre-releases, even if these builds aren't stable for everyone. This isn't me just plugging my ears andd refusing to listen, I just don't get what people are saying.tl;dr, I love this game and honestly don't see why people hate everything about it."
76561198127765119,Not Recommended,211820,12996186,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tani,"While I did enjoy playing this game, I would not recommend buying this game, yet. There just isn't enough in it. It boasts a neverending universe, but has the same repetitiousness throughout. It's fun and enjoyable for the first time, as you make your way through the resource ranks, defeating bosses and making your way into the next sector, but when you reach the end, that's just it. Nothing more to be done. You can always build something nice, but most of the block variety is uncraftable, and must be hunted out and collected. The bosses are challenging, but can easily be nerfed with just a few well placed blocks. This game boasts potential, but it's been too little too long since its last update, and its grand promises are becoming little more than empty words."
76561197972561533,Not Recommended,211820,12402598,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,PANZER KROGOTH,"Why did i buy Starbound? Because it looked and sounded charming, a delightful Terraria like game that dipped into the splender of randomly generated content and i was quickly suckered in.Don't believe for a ♥♥♥♥ing second this game is actually worth the money. It looks good, it sounds fantastic on paper, the art style is utterly charming and it was those hooks that brought me in, yet, after many hours of play, i walk away feeling betrayed, annoyed, bitter and frustrated.Do not, i repeat, DO NOT allow the games initial charm to fool you. As i was very exicted when i started playing, being a big fan of Terraria, i thought this game would be right up my street, by god, how i was wrong.So, why exactly is Starbound bad and not worth your money? Its mechanically awful, hasn't been updated in months and the developers are a bunch of censoring♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ If those reasons aren't enough, then try the constant lies, horrendous ""nightlies"" and complete lack of communication with the community.Mechanically awful - The game plays badly, very badly. Combat is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Exploration is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Character design and progress is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Loot is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Progression is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its all♥♥♥♥♥♥ Why? Combat is clunky and stupid, absolutely no depth or fun to it what so ever. Exploration is an illusion, the game boasts infinite numbers of explorable planets, what it means by that is infinite recolours of the same boring♥♥♥♥♥♥ You get absolutely no reward for exploring anyway, its crushing, you spend hours digging through a planet, hoping that you might stumble across something interesting and useful and time after time you find nothing, absolutely nothing, you may find some silly little village underground and you'll think ""Woah, this could be cool"" and the game crushes you again as that discovery yields nothing, there is nothing to find and no progression via exploration. You progress by mining. And trust me, you are going to have to mine your ♥♥♥♥ing arses off because MY GOD are those ore costs high. You'll spend hours in lifeless undergrounds, digging away, breaking pickaxe after pickaxe until you gather what seems to be a collosal amount of ore, cart it back up to the surface, only to find it barely makes you a knife and a helmet (Which are both completely useless) and the armour set + boss items (Items used to summon in the painfully boring bosses) actually costs 5 times more... and its at this point you realise why theres infinite planets, and its because you need to ♥♥♥♥in' mine them all to get through the game.And trust me, this mining isn't fun. It isn't Minecrafts mining, where you never know whats around the corner, where each block of ore brings you a little pleasure and a little hope, where delight is found in knowing you are ever closer to finishing your next chosen goal, where your hard work is reflected in your creations, where you look upon your mighty mountain fortress or spanning tree house with a sense of accomplishment that only you understand... This isn't Terraria's mining, where every cave is an unexplored bounty of new threats and treasures to plunder, teasing you deeper and deeper with ever more delicious rewards and ore veins to beef your armour and weapons up, just one more cave.... just one more cave... until BAM, you knew you should have turned back, but you couldn't help yourself... but with a smile on your face you dive in again, picking up right where you left off, one death smarter than before... where you fear the corruption and the crimson until you find that perfect sword, that oh so perfect sword that fits your hand just right and gets you where you couldn't before and it was worth every second... Oh no. Starbound is NONE of those things and believe me, i wish it was.... No, Starbound is empty. The randomised monsters end up being meaningless, just reskinned health bags to paff at. There is no charming music, there is no reward, there is no happiness at the end of your tunnel, just more ore to dig for that boss item that'll end up being dissapointing, like the rest of the game.The game hasn't been updated in months - Well, this is both true and also a lie. You see, there are 3 versions of Starbound right now. The Stable, the Unstable and the Ugly. I mean Nightly. To explain, the Stable version is supposed to be as bug free as possible, the unstable is supposed to be as new as possible and the Nightly is supposed to be as new as possible... Uhm. Well, initially, there was just stable and unstable, but they decided they needed something more unstable than unstable and made Nightlies, where the game gets updated every night. So since the release of Nighties, the game has technically been updated every night, at the totally neglect of stable and unstable of course which haven't been updated since 2013. But thats not too bad right? I mean cmon... Well, it is, because nightlies are ♥♥♥♥ing awful. They are massively buggy and... well... to be completely honest with you, the development of the game through nightlies has been awful, its gotten worse since the last stable update. Things like ores dropping on death and stupid little additions that no one gives a ♥♥♥♥ about plague the nightly updates like a curse and i can tell you with utter certainity that they are not worth your time or money.Why should you not buy this game because of bad developers? Simple, don't support them or their actions, show them its not ok to do the things they do by voting with your money.I will end this review with a sentance i used earlier as i feel it fits perfectly. There is no light at the end of your Starbound adventure, there is no light at the end of your tunnel. Only crushing dissapointment, over and over again. Don't be lured in, don't waste your time, effort, energy and money. Go play anything else, Terraria, Minecraft, just something else.I don't want Starbound to be a bad game, but i can only tell it like it is. I wish it was good and getting better, I really do. But its not, and at this point... i don't think it ever will be. Thanks for reading and i hope i helped you out.As a very final note, to developers who may be reading this, i advise you to think very carefully about putting your game on early access. Seriously. Its not a god send or a financial aid, its a business strategy and you need to be prepared to carry it out properly, lest you end up like Chucklefish and Starbound."
76561198028289258,Not Recommended,211820,24515103,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Michael Chickson,"So after roughly one year I decide to play this game again and I'm dissapointed by some very weird gameplay decisions. The game feels tedious in terms of inventory management, you have to switch so much items while exploring, you cannot eat from your inventory etc. Since a few updates you can't craft pickaxes anymore and have to rely on finding them or buying them from a trader otherwise your slowass mattermanipulator has to suffice. I had much more fun in the beta with this game, version 1.0 doesn't feel right to me.Edit: You can't even pause the game especially annoying if you're in a cave and need to do something else real quick, learned it the hard way"
,Not Recommended,211820,24484129,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Human,"Oh my, the development process has been long, buggy, and essentially game-destroyng throughout its entirity.If they were to revert the game a few patches (about 19 to be exact) then the game might have some value. If you have never played nor seen this game, just know that it had more content and replayability in its ALPHA phase."
76561198136571065,Not Recommended,211820,12676039,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Anti-Feminism,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. Stop reading the comments
76561198028244196,Not Recommended,211820,17242296,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,LiquidTHC,"Avoid at all costs.Game has been in early access for over 2 years now with no release date in sight.Sold on undelivered promises of an ""infinite universe to explore and settle"", in reality you have a failed Terraria-clone that tried to replace character/charm/personality with procedural generation.This short cartoon created by a kickstarter-backer accurately describes the developer Chucklefish's strategy with Starbound more concisely than any review and you owe it to yourself to give it a look.http://postimg.org/image/6f2mqh7zl/There is virtually no reason to buy this game over Terraria and support yet another cashgrab developer that took advantage of the new Early Access system to  make a quick buck."
76561198045183460,Not Recommended,211820,12039766,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,RedOctober,Terrible.
76561198008566944,Not Recommended,211820,10502870,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,[BG] Panzer Elite,All enemies are more or less the same and a bore to fight. Zero leveling system makes you feel like youre porgressing nowhere. An overall mess of a game.
,Not Recommended,211820,12838299,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,SirDinkus,"Do you like the concept of ""Early Access""?  Do you want to feel like you're helping create a game that you want to play? Do you want to see that hard earned money you forked over reflected in the dedication of the developer?If you answered ""Yes"" to any of the above questions, thendon't buy Starbound.Not convinced? Well here is why:1.It has very little content.It has been in development for years, and very little has been accomplished. Most notably in the past 12 months. So little progress in fact that many players believe the game is dead. It hasn't recieved even a minor official update in the last 9 months and counting.2.The team behind this game is incredibly out of touch with it's players.The creators made a public announcement a while back meant to sooth supporters in which they stated ""Chucklefish could fund Starbound for another 9 years at least.” They also explained that ""even if Starbound and Chucklefish never make another dime, the company has enough money in the bank to pay for office costs, employee salaries, and other expenditures."" That would be reassuring if any tangible progress has been made since then. They post update blogs on the official website weekly, detailing what they're supposedly working on, but since none of it has been added to a stable release we can only go on faith that they're not just sitting on our money.3.The ""Nightly"" Build.When accused of slacking the Developers tell players to download the ""nightly build"". This is an incredibly unstable version which they themselves describe as ""more beta than the beta"". Unfortunately, it's so broken it's not easily playable. The starter missions are incomplete and impossible to finish, requiring console commands to progress and all the while avoiding obscure/mudane actions to prevent crashes. This could almost be tolerable if these same major issues haven't existed since the very first ""nightly"" builds. None have been fixed.  Remember those update blogs I mentioned before? They are all about minor cosmetic improvements, or about some new items they've mocked up. The game's basic progression and structure sits ignored and unfinished as they post screenshots of a gun shaped like a crayola crayon (seriously). It speaks volumes about their priorities.Combine all these issues, and it becomes apparent that the Starbound team cares very little about their fan base. If you are still on the fence, I urge you hold off and keep an eye out for when (or if) this game comes out of early access. Make your decision then."
,Not Recommended,211820,12728541,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,bry,What a let down.
,Not Recommended,211820,11266462,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Scouter51st,"Unfortunately as of current date, the build and future for this game looks bleak..."
,Not Recommended,211820,10933783,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,TheSkyShaft™,"If you wanted Terraria in space, you have comed to the wrong place. Starbound can be fun in the beginning but you have to do the same thing over and over agian, and there is not many goals to aim for.This game is still in alpha but, when terraria was in alpha, it showed us how a 2D sidescroller should be.If you want something more like Terraria, you should check out 'Edge of Space'.Though it is in REALLY early alpha, it has more clear goals and a really good tutorial.Thats why i think if you ARE looking for a terraria in space, Starbound is NOT what you want."
76561198075132070,Not Recommended,211820,12224332,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,buttnhaz,Yeah starbound... aah well... it was a fun game for 5 minutesI honestly don't see much of this game sure it has a sweet trailer but over all it was a bit dry.I've played alot of survival games and the means minecraft... I'm sorry I'm a discraise D;but this is the stuff that really lacked for me:-No choice in ship custimization yeah sure you can put a fue paintings or whatevers in there but you get the picture from the start you know no choice in your ships begining look. >:|-And honestly the story lacked ALOT!I really would'nt play this game until its almost completely all bug fixed and some work added. dislike 4/10
,Not Recommended,211820,24628234,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Vikeyev,"What happened to this game?Where IS the content you have made over the last couple of years?What i see here is just the same stuff i saw about X years ago when it was first put into early access.I did not stick around to play every update they released. hell the game ran like arsh back then n it even managed to make me entirely forget about it untill it launched a couple days ago.Let me slow down for a moment.I love the idea of the game. as ya can see i spend over 100 hours on it in the last 2 weeks and thats with playing alongside my brother.The story consists of very minimal effort. your goal is to defeat the big bad boss called ""Ruin"" and the only way to do this. is collect 6 magic artifacts or crystals all legend of zelda style.Whohoo. the way you go about this is you Scan the requested civilization and run back to your quest npc. which in turn gives you an dungeon to beat. These can be quite fun if you are a bit undergeared but if ya have anything a bit more powerful then you should have and it becomes a boring walk from left to right situation.Sadly this has to be done 5 times.you scan each Civilization once to identify the location of the artifact and then unlock a dungeon to complete.this design is so damn lazy that i feel like they just gave up on the story entirely.there are 7 races in the game so yes. you skip 2 races entirely!the Humans gets wiped out at the start of the game. and the novakids gets only a single mention in a random note in the entire sodding game!You have a single hub world the Ark which is shared trough all your characters. infact your entire galaxy is shared on your account. it only changes when you join someones multiplayer.its cool to connect like this but the entire game just feels stale and empty.there are only a handful of diferent civilizations and zones you encounter.these become quite dull as these do not seem to change their designs at all.a Glitch castle will always be the same design on every planet you happen to encounter these.the same goes for prisons or biolabs or dungeons or civilizations.they are ALL the same!you encountered one of them you have seen all of them!this is a show on how LAZY the developers have gotten in the past years because in all honesty.I saw all of these SEVERAL YEARS AGO.What in the hell have these people been doing in the last couple of years.Sure i do not follow every update like a zealot but i do have a good memory on what the game used to have.I heard there used to be mech suits in the game.there used to be armor set bonuses and racial traits that made each race unique to play!now all ya get is a diferent ship and a useless ""pet"" that doesnt do anything at all. atleast i hvnt seen him do anything but eat and complain.There used to be a ton of diversity on planets. colors and sure recolored creatures but come the fk on.Overall.Its sad to say but i cant reccomand this to anyone.it used to have so much more but the overall story of the game can be completed in less then 10 hours.for an open world survival whatever kinda game. it just isnt an experience worth telling.the price is right however.For this price you can easily get a ton of hours out of it. if you like to explore and build then this sure can keep ya busy.but dont expect a terraria or 2d minecraft out of this one.Unless the developers intended the game to be finished by modders i cant understand why this is so shallow."
,Not Recommended,211820,24672220,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ryan,"The story of this game is quite bad, and the exploration is also quite limited. Yes, everything is infinite with procedural generation, but your gear can only get so good before the fun of the game is stripped for you and all progression halts.I'm going to try out some mods now, see how much they improve the game. If they do, I'll edit this review.EDIT: The game has a huge backstory, but to learn about it you must do stuff outside of the main story missions, and even the game."
,Not Recommended,211820,13079578,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,flame,2 years and still nothing of value.
,Not Recommended,211820,12654852,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,rab1d,"If you want a game that makes catching herpes look appealing, look no further than Starbound. It's not terraria 0/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,12078162,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Captain Kusoge,The fish on the loading screen is chuckling at your pitiful hopes that this game will be finished.
76561198124195108,Not Recommended,211820,12686839,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Muzzle-Dino,"i just cannot recommend Starbound EA simply because it isnt worth 15$. the content runs out because the game is not finished yet.  all of the worlds are basically the same, but just a little different. On one planet you will see brown dirt and purple enemies, then the next world will have the same enemies and dirt, just different colors.After playing for 40+ hours all i can tell you is to wait until it comes out of early access, when more content will (hopefully) be added. right now its just a hollow shell of what it could be, with some bugs. If you really need to play it, i'd suggest waiting for a sale."
,Not Recommended,211820,24823013,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Mark Fairfox,"Not recommend until they fire everyone that gave customers flack for giving any input on the state of the game, or any input at all. There treatment of there customers is unfair and rude, anyone that used Chucklefish's hellish forums knows that, any input at all gets tossed out the window. Even after all this time now they still have not fixed any of the lag problems that have been in the game since early access.Please do not give Chucklefish any of your money they don't deserve it, not yet anyway."
76561198059608077,Not Recommended,211820,26317156,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,ColdironWolf,"this game plays terribly, the controls are really floaty meaning that when jumping to another platform, you way overshoot or way undershoot 100% of the time because of the jumping mechanics. the fighting mechanics only work when you are on a flat plane, when swining a sword, the swing stops at knee hight, so if you are on an incline, the monster you are fighting wont be hit even though it can be close enough to touch you. the inventory bar mechanics are just as bad, when you go into your inventory and have to drag and drop each individual item into your hot bar it takes to long and you can die in that time easily, also when picking up items even if it is a one handed item it fills both L and R spots for any given hotbar slot. this game plays like its a 3yo and under educational platformer."
,Recommended,211820,9725710,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,MailOrderPotato,"They gave me my own ship, along with that I was given one tool that I would cling to dearly as I prepared for my arduous journey to this planet that my ship was conveniently anchored too.  And off I went, beaming down onto this planet of new possibilities, resources, and local inhabitants both peaceful and not. This is Starbound; where the purpose is to explore different galaxies, harvest resources, and create things to help you better survive the planet you are on at any given time.  Starbound is vast and it contains thousands of planets of many varieties. Ranging from the cold harsh Snow planets, to the intimidating and highly dangerous Magma planets. There is even a Tentacle Planet if you’re feeling curious! Right off the back you’re given a hand full of quests to get you familiarized with the games crafting system which has you building bonfires to stay warm, a table to make your various crafts, and a furnace to smelt the metal that you have gathered. The rest was left for you to discover.No matter how simple and innocent this game may look, don’t let it fool you; it’s quite unforgiving. Beaming down to my very first planet I was greeted with my first contact of alien life.  And let’s just say they didn’t appreciate my presence, which resulted in a swift death for me. The game’s difficulty is challenging but not unbearable and what keeps you coming back is the games complex and deep mechanics. For example upon building my first pick axe and digging through my first few levels of rock my pick axe quickly broke and I was left with my first tool, to harvest at a slower rate than I previously was. Along with this mechanic there are a plethora of others including the crafting system which allows you to build everything you need to make your game more unique, from new armor and weapons to different star maps to travel to more distant and difficult galaxies. Or perhaps you would like to craft a few rainbow bricks to give your new house some much needed color.There are no real limits in this game and the items, mechanics and worlds are always being discovered. Each time you pick it up you will find yourself doing something entirely different than you did the time prior. Who knows you may find a guitar along the way and find yourself playing a marimba with your friends over multiplayer. Another time you may find yourself coming across a local village on a new planet and raiding it like Genghis Khan! Regardless of play style, fast or slow, hostile or peaceful this game offers many different ways to be played and hosts hours and hours of enjoyment. I would highly recommend Starbound."
76561198099069886,Not Recommended,211820,10516903,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Big MMMeatty CLAWWWS,IN BETA FOR ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS
76561198054021589,Recommended,211820,8210386,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,KKream,"Do you get excited at the thought of exploring an infinite universe on your very own space ship? Have you ever wondered what it was like to glide across the skies as a bird-like creature? Well now you can experience all these things, as you explore mysterious planets, hunt for precious ore, and even fight against dangerous alien lifeforms. I've given up all my ambitions in life. Dropped out of school, broke up with my girlfriend of 4 years, soley so I can pursue the Starbound galaxies and become the greatest explorer of the Universe there ever was!"
,Recommended,211820,9782562,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,JoeyCarbo,"If you are familiar with Minecraft or Terraria then you will definitly like this game. It has (or is going to have) everything that Minecraft and Terraria lacked. The game will feature quests, multiplayer and co-op, and an infinite amount of randomly generated dungeons, planets, mobs, etcetera. Also the music is awesome. Better than C418.Definitly worth the money, but expect the game to have some rough edges since it's still in beta."
,Recommended,211820,8046270,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Moysey89,"i would strongly recoomend this game, its awesome!! so much content for a early access game! to be honest its the first early access game i felt was worth it, plus the devs constantly updating and adding more content!! if you had any intrest in terreria then you will absolutly love it!! bigger, better, more content plus the sci-fi aspect is awesome!! having your own spaceship and being able to explore an infinte universe is a brilliant aspect and this game deserves all the attention its getting! 10/10 from me :D"
,Not Recommended,211820,10520474,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Farshad,"The game seems like it has a TON of potential, but development is moving way too slow, and it can't handle higher resolution monitors yet without looking TINY or crashing.  There has been one build since I bought it 8 months ago.While Terraria was super fun and worth ""playing"" from the start, this is not yet."
,Recommended,211820,33047369,Posted: 30 June,all,The Argaknight™,It's space Terraria but the combat doesn't make sense.
,Not Recommended,211820,11759385,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,vojski,"TLDR Disappointed so far, waiting for a finished gameI've never played Minecraft nor Terraria - Starbound is actually first game in its genre that I encountered. That's probably one of the reasons why at the beginning, the game looked really interesting. However, my initial dose of exciment almost ran out after about 30 hours. My impressions, starting with the negative:- for most of the time, the game feels empty and lonely. I know it isn't finished, but so far - no quests to do (except for initial quests leading to first boss), no NPCs to talk to, no interesting places to visit, no story. Maybe I didn't search hard enough? If they're there, maybe they should be more accessible? I just wandered alone in the wild, killing mobs and gathering resources. That's the single biggest flaw in the game for me - at some point I just got bored.- speaking of gathering, game requires too much grinding. Realizing that getting to second boss involves no quests, just more grinding for pixels and steel - was a huge disappointment.- even for a moment, I didn't feel a need or desire to build a permanent house; I only dug holes on the road just to sleep at night. Which makes the sizebale amount of craftable items useless for me. After all, why stick to one planet when there's so many of them.On the bright side:- Starbound's graphics and visual style are really, really nice. The soundtrack is simply beatiful, I have to admit that sometimes I listen to it outside the game. The overall aesthetics and atmosphere make a very strong advantage.- different biomes, weather effects and game physics really are cool.- crafting system is fun, I like it.- the races and lore are quite interesting from what I found in the wikis, and I hope that eventually the game will allow to experience that.I probably won't play Starbound until next serious update or final release. And I hope it will bring real improvements, because so far I'm not sure if it was worth the money - and I can't recommend the game to my friends.I also think that calling what I played 'beta' is a really annoying abuse - 'beta' denotes software that is almost feature complete, but needs only polishing and bugfixes. Current version is nowhere near that state."
76561198034119396,Not Recommended,211820,11365890,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,tsuyoshiro,"I waited for this game for a long time and it was exciting to play at first.  ....The fun doesn't last though; it quickly becomes repetitive and arduous, as everything you do will simply involve grinding for resources to get to the next tier of items.  I'd like to hold out hope that there will be some significant change to make this game more than a passing fancy for me, that combat will turn into something that doesn't feel like a gigantic chore...but it's pretty clear now that this is another title that will simply remain in 'early access' forever."
76561198128347341,Not Recommended,211820,24479842,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,OnsideSilver,"WOW seryously WOW!!I have no words!I've played this game 2 years ago and it was nice, unpolished but good.I've played this game before the full release and DAMN! that was a blast! had so much fun...I've played the full realise and the only thing that pops in my mind is WOW!!!!!They seryously accomplished the impossible.... they ruined it...They made it slower, with less tutorial, with worse inventory management, with worse ""tool upgrading"" sistem, with worse teleportation sistem (it's true that is not normal to be able to beam to the ship from underground, but going back to the surface once you reach the core of a planet especially if you're starting from scratch (and of course you are since they deleted all the saves for compatibility reasons ^^) is excruciating. Wanna know a fun thing? Well before the release  they removed this annoing time waster, where are we now? back in the alpha of course! -.-Well i'm being a little too emotional here so let me write down what's changed and why it's worse now...For starters let's talk about the real beginning, the tutorial:Yeha there is a tutorial, it may seem cooler since is more ""story oriented"" (like it matters in this kind of games but meh no complaints here) but after you get on your first planet... well that's it! You're on a planet now well.... do something.the game doesn't help guiding you trough the various crafting stations (now more complex than ever).And the FIRST quest you'll get is to get core fragments... really? a person that doesn't know how this game works and thinks ""hey a quest so that's what i need to do!"" (especially after being throwed on a planet with ZERO explanations)will have 3 reactions 1) going crazy trying to find em on the surface. 2) going crazy since they grasped the fact that they're located near the center of the planet where hard monsters and really slow mining blocks (for theyr current tools) are situated. 3) being a good player reaching the bottom of the planet with basic tools (keep in mind that i'm talking about beginners that don't know the game here) to then find out that they are unable to beam back to the ship...Now let's compare it with the game before the release: No intro (meh who cares but it is a minus anyway) you start on the ship, beam to the planet and: iIt tells you what to craft step by step for the first equipments (and even the later ones)through quests, teaching you how to farm, mine make armors and weapons, ecc...and most of those thing are made trough ONE workbench and only later you'll have your ship and house full of crafting stations but you already have a lot of training on how you should move thx to the tutorials, explanations and experience with the first benches.You know with how many benches you start now? FIVE!!!! and all need each other to make stuff... (example: need a bow? make workbench (A) for building it... wait! you need string for the bow, so make workbench (B) nice now you have your bow... oh? need a bed too? simple^^ use work bench (C) and make the materials with (A) and (B)As i said over and over this is only the beginning for beginners without tutorials... since i had difficulty with this new sistem and i've played this game for almost 3 years...Oh just a little thing that of course is another annoiance to slow the game even more for no reason (since not even in alpha there was this detail) crafting now takes time... yeha now you want some torches? wait, want a workbench? wait even more...Let's change topic, inventory management... well where to begin...i'll just compare it with the  pre-release point by point:1) Pre: item in hotbar not in inventory so your hotbar was a slot for 10 more items1) New: Not anymore now all the equipped is in your bag too, reason of this decision? God only knows...2) Pre: Item management was splitted in 3 tabs, the game would automatically put a new picked up item in the tab choosed by default from the game BUT you could move everything everywhere with no restrictions so you could leave it be or make inventory your little ""zen garden"" so that every time you opened your bag you had everything where YOU wanted it to be.2) New: Now your bag is splitted in 5 tabs, every single item is locked in his tab of default, the only thing you can do is move the stuff in that tab around but you can't put it in other tabs, and just let me say this... THE FOOD TAB!every single piece of meat or potato or a lot of other suff to eat DO NOT stack together.... why? no seryously why? From the beginning food always stacked and in my opinion when the food was just healing stuff was the best, now we are back to the starvation meter? i think than more of a release this game has jumped back to the ""minus pre-alpha"" status...3) New: less slot in the hotbar and it's less intuitive than before...Ok enough switch of topic, the upgrading tools sistem:Well this isn't too bad is just... meh.Before the game guided you trough the upgrades, always trough various quests, for example: liquid gathering? (like water, fuel, ecc...) The game would make a quest and will tell you, ""hey enough with this sistem let's move to another one... oh right the fuel, bring that stuff for upgrades back to me so that i can teach you to gather liquids and then tell you what and where to find em)Here is more like: hey man nice tool you have there, what? you've found all those upgrading parts already? wow man go crazy use them for whatever you want!... ... ... ... ... ... WHAT? you used all of your materials on high cost stuff and now you can't leave the sistem? well screw you now you know what to prioritize now go back to the planets (under leveled or already explored) you know and bring me more upgrade stuff.. ... .... If you can find it! muahahahaErm... yeha something like that but well it's kinda intuitive anyway but not giving you a path to follow is a low blow in my opinion, ""Liquids"" ""Paintings"" ""Wiring"" should be quest related rewards like before to evade confusion but as i said i don't think is such a bad change but for sure it isn't better...Last topic, Battles: Now the only difference between ""New"" and ""Pre"" are the combos, hit more than once and you make 3 different swings with your weapon.... uselessIf you try to not trigger the combo you'll do way more dmg with single hits since the second hit in the combo does half the damge of the 1* and 3* attack.Well that's it for me, i was so hyped about the full release of this game and now.... what a disappointment, is like they threw away all the good stuff from the pre-release and took back all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stuff from the early beta + they added some extra trash just because...The saddest thing is that they changed everything that was in the beta and gave me and (i think) a lot more players a giant suckerpunch under the belt and right on the jewels with no warning what so-ever i don't think that most of this stuff  was suggested by the community so... well i don't know i just have this feeling of bitterness.I hope that this long rant helped someone on his choice ^^"
,Not Recommended,211820,14036269,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,gabensparklebeard.jpg,"To those who've been patient with ChuckleFish, I salute you.  I know for many of us this was supposed to be the 'spiritual successor' to games like Terraria where ideas are expanded upon and the sandbox environment reaches a new tier of enjoyment and creativity.  I once believed that Starbound may well be this next step; based on my last playthrough as of roughly a week ago, I am closing in on the certainty that it will not.I initially played through Starbound when it was early released in the Early-Access 'Beta' (and to be perfectly accurate it was far cry from what I would have considered a beta game).  I fundamentally enjoyed some of the mechanics and certainly bought into the hype of what it would eventually become: a space-based exploration game with an element of combat built into it.It was interesting, it still was linear and boring in the end, but I knew that it wasn't ready for prime-time.  I had the serious expectation that it would be within some amount of time; after all, Tiy was involved.I've recently switched to the nightly builds and went through another playthrough of the game.  I frankly will say I'm shocked that the game essentially hasn't changed in the year since I've played it.  Sure, there's some reorganization of the quest system, the way in which progression proceeds changed slightly but overall the game was still in the same state it was in the initial 'beta' phase it was the year previously.  Some improvements, I'll grant, but certainly not to the level I would have expected of a 'full time commitment to development' as promised from ChuckleFish with a full year's worth of effort.It simply lacks focus and is still not enjoyable.  The combat has been reworked, reworked again, and then reworked again.  Numerous small additions (primarily in the in-game clutter department) have been added but fail to deliver any cohesive theme or point.  The planetary exploration has had random new bits associated with it (like underground mini-biomes that apparently house 'fabulous loot' which is generally procedure-generated garbage) that contribute very little or nothing to the experience.  The quest system is resolved within a few hours.  The upgrading of tiers are the same thing for each tier just with a new name.  The combat is still clunky and boring.  Sure, there's lots of new random items to craft (most of it useless, because it's still not apparent how or why I should build or craft anything in the game) but that's essentially it.  The towns, castles and sewers are still there but just like a year ago have no motivating goal to prod me to explore them.No unifying vision.  No known objective (other than the straightforward quest system).  Nothing.If its current state is soon to be labelled 1.0 then I would highly recommend you avoid.  I had hoped by this point that the development team would have centered in on what the game's purpose should be about and refined the experience but they have not.  I agree with most of the steam reviews that, aside from the few cheerleaders for the company, the progression of this enterprise has been lackluster at best.  Devs continue to blame their customers for not being patient enough while simultaneously - get this - have NINE OTHER GAME forums for other games that are either in kickstarter or development mode.  ChuckleFish had better, in the very near future, decide if they want to be known as a company that promises the world and delivers a gold-plated turd or if they truly appreciate the fanbase and buckle down on projects they commit to."
,Not Recommended,211820,10657563,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Abelard,At time of writing this game is in pre-release or alpha state. Development is incredibly slow and it seems that those in charge of making progress are unmotivated and full of excuses. They also have terrible customer service and public relations management. Avoid chucklefish.
,Not Recommended,211820,11364140,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Nastumi,"After spending hours in Terraria, I saw like a lot of other players in Starbound a dream coming to life. Seriously, Terraria in space, countless worlds to explore, different races to choose from, NPCs, quests, tons of items... That's some heavy stuff !After launching the game, the style is nice, and being in command of your own starship is exciting. The first quests acting as a mini tutorial are nice.And that's all, saddly the fun ends as you need to craft the antena. At the point, the game reveal it's true self, and the false sens of freedom is crushed by the Bosses acting as marks for you to go to the next tier. Ok, Terraria had Wall of Flesh you need to kill to go to the ""second"" part of the game, but it felt more like a fun thing to do than an obligation.Here, you HAVE to kill the boss to move to the next tier, and as soon as you do that, everything done previously become totally useless.Speaking of doing things, gathering ressources to craft or build is incredibly slow, and borring. What should have been one of the most important and fun part of the game quickly transform in a sad necessity. You have to craft, but you don't do it just for fun, you do it because the game tells ou to do it. Same goes for building : you may be tempted to make houses, or even towns, but it's useless, as your ship will quickly become your only house, as going back and forth between planets is useless, ressources and time consuming, and boring. So you end with a nice storage ship, leaving a planet to never set foot back again.Speaking of towns, it's fun to find random NPC villages and structures, but in the end, you just storm in, grab the loots and leave. No point to settle in, vendors most of the time only sell junk, it's like the whole ""random generated buildings"" purpose is for you to open some chests, and leave as fast as you came.But hey, we still have fighting ! I can still remember those super fast paced hard Terraria fights with crazy weapons, flying all around the mobs and proudly getting victorious of that damn boss/wave. In Starbound, it's the same, without fast paced action, weapons, and abilities. Yep, fights are you smashing the mouse against mobs jumping randomly around. And forget those guns, not only they are uber rare drops, but when you finally get one, it's most of the time weak, and consume ammos so fast it's not worth it at all. The bosses add a bit of a challenge, meaing they kill you faster, not they are actually fun to fight.Ok, so gathering sucks, fights are boring, and crafting is a pain... what's left ? hunting and farming ? sure, hunting gears stop being upgradable at some point, so you either come back to lower tiers just for that, or struggle to get some materials with a totally underpowered weapon... farming could have been a fun idea, but as nothing happens when you're out of a planet, it's pointless, and end in your spaceship, like the rest.Last point : quests and story ! I got bored of the game before I could see any real quests, past the tutorial-like ones. Not even some hidden stuff to do to have that NPC join your crew... Story-wise, you grab some lore here and there, and you can read them later in your ship...I won't speak about the public relations of the dev team, seeing the reactions of most of the people, I stopped myself from going to CF website, I'm disapointed enough with Starbound to add more.In conclusion, Starbound is a game that could have been a real killer, it had so much potential... Instead, we end with promises, and a sad game reminding us all that time what it could have been with a devoted team.If you haven't played Terraria, go for it, it's worth every penny. If like me, you played Terraria so much you have chests filled with every possible item, and would like to play a game like it.... send me a PM when you find one ;_;"
76561198025080498,Not Recommended,211820,12150147,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Dagobert,If you want to buy this game. DON'T DO IT!!! It's a deep alpha without any updates for months. Developers has simply taken our money and vanished. Don't support those who doesn't care neither about gamers nor about their reputation...
,Not Recommended,211820,11756326,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ZeroHindsight,"In its current state, it's not worth the 15 dollars. I have played this game since the first early access came out and while fun for the first few hours, you will exhaust all content in the game in a few scant days. It's been since April since their last serious update and I started the game again only to find out nothing has changed.Wait until the game is completely finished. As it stands, there's not enough content to warrant a purchase.Or you know, play Terraria instead."
76561197966790164,Not Recommended,211820,11644924,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Antronix,I'm very unhappy I cannot use a gamepad or change the default keyboard choices.  I fell like I was robbed of my money...
76561198072581105,Not Recommended,211820,11594364,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Shinji The Baka,https://imgur.com/a/QgkPtEverything wrong with chucklefish and starbound.Save yourself.
76561198057618416,Not Recommended,211820,11366216,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Palps,Terraria > Starbound
76561197970440607,Not Recommended,211820,12202109,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Twilight Raptor,"In its current state, the game has unpolished gameplay, unfinished story and interface, limited and clunky crafting, and relies entirely on rehashed and randomized worlds.  As it's been nearly half a year since an update on this ""early access"" game, this may be the best we can expect. I know I bought this game hoping that I could see it become better, but that hope has long since dried up.  Avoid this game, and avoid the heartache of another game not living up to its potential."
,Recommended,211820,8817246,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Unity ☣ | Vacation,A truly amazing game. The graphic style is unique and the HUGE amount of explorable worlds and a TON of items that are obtainable will provide a far better experience than games which are similar to this. It sold more than a million copies in its first stage of beta and there will be much more upcoming content for this game... Need i say more?
,Recommended,211820,8376217,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Codemanster0,"This is a fantastic game.  I know that a lot of people might be skeptical since it looks like Terraria, but as a long time Terraria player myself I can assure you that this is a very fun and unique experience. While it holds on to many of the concepts that made Terraria amazing and fun to play, it also adds plenty of exciting and unique features that make this game the amazing experience that it is, Starbound.Not only has it been very fun to play, but it has helped me out a lot with my YouTube channel. I have started making Starbound Shorts (humorous short videos of about 18-30 seconds) and it has helped me grow a lot.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=POLDypzXNmg&list=PL32apBHLNLfkyLLU_mSCeKt39pAnCFkDL&index=1The game developers are very nice and very open to input. If you ever want to contact them you can do so through Twitter or other social media and they are very good at responding.Everything considered, this is a fantastic game and I highly recommend it. - CM"
,Not Recommended,211820,12047725,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,The Funk Mann,Pretty fun to play at small dosages but after a while it just seems like a grind and loses the exitement due to the repeating of many small tasks. Would recommened with friends but with my own experience I will have to sadly not be able to recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,11871895,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Flonger,It wont ever starty up
,Not Recommended,211820,11354148,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Muffin,Devs killed game.
,Not Recommended,211820,11512441,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Wesley,"The development pace has ruined the game for me. Garnish that with an atrocious attitude towards their community, and you've got a bad investment. Almost everyone who buys this game sinks dozens of hours into it, but there is almost no reward. The gameplay is a non-stop grind, and it disguises this with the promise of adventure and exploration."
76561197961320463,Not Recommended,211820,11349062,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Lester,"Rip off, don't buy."
,Not Recommended,211820,11567544,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Dūmlūpe,"I bought this game when it first entered early access, becaused I loved it, incomplete as it was.This is not the game I bought then.What kind of game has less content at launch then it did in beta?"
,Not Recommended,211820,11748414,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Volk551,"This is nothing more then Terraria in space. their last update was about 4 months ago. todays date for this post is the 16th of August 2014. in this game you will not know what is a aggressive monster or a passive monster, untill it's too late. so for my answer to get or not get this game as it stands now. No, if it's ever get's finished then yes, but as of now. No."
76561198010232442,Not Recommended,211820,11879914,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Gretzky,"Developers got their money, while promising constant updates. We have not seen any significant updates that changed the the game a bit."
,Recommended,211820,8360351,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,hello,"If you put a bit of Terraria, a bit of the year 3000, a few penguins, and some of the best music ever, chuck it into a turbo-accelerating nuclear powered body oiling machine for twenty minutes on full oil,  and then place it in-between of 4 5km cubed fans, while being hit by a Jaegar (straight from the Pacific Rim) at 2500ppm(punches per minute) and then chuck it in a clothes dryer at full spin, and: Whalah! You have Starbound!"
,Not Recommended,211820,13077149,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,aaronhowser1,"The game is a YEAR behind schedule, and the last update that didnt ♥♥♥♥ your save up was months ago. We were promised a finished game by December of 2013. It is almost December of 2014, and NOTHING has been added"
,Not Recommended,211820,12113520,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,crimsonyte,"Much of what I have have to say about tihs game is already echoed by many others with much higher hours spent playing the game.   Having said that, Starbound, for me, is the perfect example for why one should not contribute immediately to early access games. At the very least, contributions to early access games should be done a few months into a game's development cycle. It is a complete gamble for the promise of a complete product.  I bought/supported this game when it was first avaliable for early access. At first, updates were regular and patch notes were detailed.  The community was strong and vibrant.  As time progress, updates started becoming less frequent and dialogue between the the developers and the community less so.  I can't speak for others, but the attention given to this game feels pretty much like the attention I give to a project I start and abandon when I realized I bit off more then I can chew.  I bought this game when it was first availabe on Steam and I am pretty annoyed. With the money contributed, I could've bought a finished product and enjoyed it more.  I can not imagine how the players, who originally backed this game on kickstarter and donated more money, must feel. At it's curent state, I highly do not recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,211820,11944152,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,TheNegativeZone,Play Terraria instead.
,Not Recommended,211820,11840053,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Basic Evil,Terraria texture pack with less content and terrible developers.
76561198060413759,Not Recommended,211820,11758175,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Artea Lightwind,"I bought this game expecting Terraria in space, honestly. It looked great and i loved the idea, but when i actually played Starbound it felt like i was lied to. The only way i managed to find fun in this game was by playing with a friend of mine, as playing alone would have been frustrating and just plain boring.The beginning of the game is a mad dash to either set up a farm or farm the monsters for meat, because starvation is a very real issue. Unfortunately, the monsters are very cutthroat in Starbound, and won't hesitate to destroy you as quick as possible. Once you get enough meat, you're free to mine down into the world without too much fear, except rapidly respawning monsters love to surprise you in tight corridors and murder you there too. It doesn't help that monsters are randomly generated, so it's hard to find out which ones are friendly or hostile until they're breathing toxic smoke or charging at you at full speed. This aspect does not get any easier or better later in the game.The combat is simplistic and boring. There is no strategy to any enemies because they all attack the same way, which is ""Rush the player and if i have a ranged attack then use that while rushing"". Combat boils down to swinging your weapon at the enemy until it dies, or shooting it until it dies. Dodging is hardly a factor except against the flying enemies on the surface, as underground enemies force you into tight corridors to make avoiding projectiles near impossible.Progression in Starbound feels lazy and uninspired. To get better equipment and to reach planets in other sectors, you need to beat certain bosses. To even fight these bosses, You need to craft a specific boss item that requires a great deal of investment itemwise. Pixels and your valuable metals are commonplace, but some bosses require even more work than that(Such as the robot boss, which requires a rare drop using a weapon that does annoyingly low damage). Most of the bosses are also pathetically easy. As me and my friend fought each one, the boss's sole strategy(With one exception) was the same as the monster's tactics of rush the player while using ranged attacks if possible. The 1st boss is th eonly one with a different strategy, and feels quite epic to fight the first time, but that only makes the coming bosses disappointing. The 2nd boss charges the player and thats all he does. The 3rd and 4th are easily defeated by simply making a thin cave of dirt. The 3rd boss can't break through it and the 4th can't either, leaving both open to attacks with no way of being a threat.Equipment-wise, Starbound fails spectacularly as the game progresses. Lets say you get the best armor you can at the beginning, and now the starting planet seems easy in comparison. You go to the next level planet, to get new ores and materials, only to find that it's like you're on the first planet with starting equipment. This is how it is ALL GAME. You go to the next level planet to get better equipment(such as titanium, or aegisalt) means the enemies now one or two shot you again, and your weapons aren't very threatening to them. Once you upgrade and are ready to go to the next planet, you face the same dilemna each time. It makes the endgame very unsatisfying, especially since the final boss(the fourth, in case you were curious) so far is basically the halfway point for gear collectors. it becomes a boring grind to get better equipment that means nothing at the endgame. It comes across as uninspired to just have the next planet be a gear check to the best you have. Theres nothing unique about later enemies or later armors, except for the armor's look.There are a few redeeming qualities about Starbound however. The planets look very nice, with beautiful visuals and different biomes. There are dungeons to explore and villages to trade it. These feel like where the real work of Starbound is. The villages full of friendly people and guards who will attack you if you come across as hostile. The dungeons that feel scary and unique and feel rewarding(at time at least). Finding my first Glitch castle was an amazing sight, though all of the enemies went down easily, and the treasure was lackluster at that point of the game. It was still amazing, seeing the unique decorations, the atmosphere of each dungeon, and the enemies that filled them. It's a shame the enemies have no real AI beyond the standard though. Would have been nice to raid an avian temple and find snipers or grenade traps instead of guards with guns that were hardly a problem for my two swords.Overall, the game is disappointing to anyone looking for a Terraria-like experience. Even looking at this as it's own game, it's bland and there is no real difference between the races besides visuals. The bosses are not a challenge, the enemy AI is overly simple, the equipment feels pointless, and progression is sluggish and frustrating. For this game to cost 15 dollars is insane, especially since Terraria is ten bucks and frequently on sale for a quarter of that. Theres alot i didn't cover, such as the pixel system(the currency you use in almost every recipe that'll keep you grinding), the weather system(Acid rain can bite me.), and the unique bits of planets at times(Poison water everywhere!? and now i'm freezing?!). Just.. Don't get this game till it's done. Hopefully it'll live up to what it promised, instead of being an overpriced beta thats only fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,211820,11437906,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Commander Tryhard,This and Day Z have convinced me to never touch an early access game again. The hype got to me and I'm an idiot for it. Don't follow my mistakes.
,Not Recommended,211820,12078643,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BellePelouse,"Don't buy this game cause it will never get out, they bite off more than they could chew and now there are using profits to develop other, smaller scale game."
,Recommended,211820,7978956,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,InfinitySnail,"I previously recommended the game shortly after it went into Early Access, but I have a more structured opinion of the game now. If there was a neutral option, I would set it.Starbound is basically a 2D No Man's Sky that got it mostly right. Freedom to explore as far as you want, wherever you want, whenever you want. You simply need to have fuel in your ship. The planet generation is pretty stellar - no pun intended. There could be all sorts of different alien monsters, a settlement of Florans, or a human military base - complete with lots of shiny loot.However - the main story is lackluster and cliche, revolving around the races you already know exist. Only the intro and the ending are at all interesting, and the boss fights are underwhelming,especiallythe last one. I suppose that's what you get for trying to insert story into a sandbox game.Starbound did hit the nail on the head with its exploration mechanics, and it does have an active roleplaying community should you be interested in that - however, if kicking butt and taking names while retaining sandbox capabilities is your thing, I'd recommend buying Terraria instead."
,Not Recommended,211820,11406542,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Rapscallion,"Scamedit july 28 2016:played for about 4 hours, almost felt like a completed game if a bit grindy.then the game randomly crashed and my character being irreversibly corrupt. same♥♥♥♥♥♥that happened to me two god damn years ago. maybe fix this♥♥♥♥♥♥before release chucklefish?still don't recommend this."
76561198068534122,Not Recommended,211820,11455207,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,ritianfitchett,"Now I've had some fun with this game for sure. Maybe even $15 worth. But I'm going to not recommend it here because of some big issues that will probably stop others from having much with the game. Glitches and other early access issues are not really problems with this game anymore. Honestly, I'm not sure why it's still listed as early access.First of all, you will discover very quickly that the game devolves into nothing more than repetition. Go to the new tier of worlds, get the new tier of resources, use new resources to go to the next tier. Rince, wash, repeat.The exploration is admittedly exhilerating for a while. It didn't get boring to me until after I got to the 4th or 5th tiers when I realized that all 5 million planets are essentially the same exact thing. When I finally got to visit exotic biomes like the tentacle biome, I couldn't even tell the difference between it and the rest of the planets. The same boring algorithm randomly generates all planets using the same pieces. Once you seen the pieces, exploration is never thrilling again, so enjoy it while it lasts.Lastly and most importantly, it's been half a year since I've seen a noticeable update to this game. I guess the devs got all the early access money they wanted and just stopped bothering.This game is just one of the many successful early access games I've seen, and contributes to a larger problem I'm having with early access games. Once a game goes early access, it never seems to be anything but early access. This is the problem with a business model where the customer willingly pays a game company the full retail price for their game before the game is ready. The company no longer has any need to continue spending money and time on the product because they've already been paid. Unless some sort of contrat legally holds the company to a set of promises, the early access model will continue to be a flaw in the industry."
,Recommended,211820,7955836,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Avianite,"This game is fantastic. There are an infinite amount of things to do on one planet, and when you're done, you can just find another! This is probably one of the smoothest betas I've ever experienced, and there's an metric♥♥♥♥♥load of content already."
76561198076571414,Not Recommended,211820,11098140,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,sticky pants,Not terraria.
76561198117979194,Not Recommended,211820,11267022,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Bizarro,does not work on woood
,Recommended,211820,8612120,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,RevolverUnit,"Kill space penguins, get glory."
,Not Recommended,211820,10013699,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Jenjaviopi,Just get Terraria instead...
,Recommended,211820,25699836,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,《ＧＲＥＥＮ》,"To give a good discription of why this game is good, I only need to say a few words.It's Terraria with space travel and a story. Also, it's no man's sky with content besides geology simulator.Now, that's just the surface of this glorious experience. You can be a human, bird, space gorrila, a tribal plant thing, a japanese fish, or a person that was a star. Oh, and I forgot to mention the feudal robots.There are space alpacas, penguins that are criminals, frogs, space nazis, space hitler, tentacle planet, (formerly known as earth), Giant spiders, giant holographic ape heads that shoot lazer fists at you, bird robot, proceduraly generated monsters, and worlds.Now, there's one more thing about this game, that can eighter; make it better, or make it much, much, oh so much worse. Mods. If you're going to mod this game, stick to the workshop. It has the quality mods, made by people who arn't bronies or furries. You'll get ship, weapon, meme, and cosmetic mods, with a few race extenders and races. There are some S.A.I.L replacements here too. But, besides the workshop, DO NOT, AND I REPEAT DO NOT INSTALL ANY MODS THAT ARE NOT FROM STEAM. From nexus, you'll get porn and fetish mods, and anywhere else, it's much the same. One more risk from instaling mods, workshop or not, you have the chance of completely bricking a save, because you installed it incorrectly, or you removed it. (ship mods are the worst in this regard.)In short, there's lots to do and see in this game, and if you ignore the existance of 75% of the mods for this game, you'll have a great time probably. Or your computer will just refuse to run it at a decent frame rate. That's a problem too."
,Recommended,211820,8618401,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Yes?,"Starbound is a stunning and fun game that is easy to learn and play by yourself, or even with others.You can choose your race and customise the appearance of your character. You are spawned in a random planet that is chosen by the computer from a variety of worlds.Similar to Terraria, you have to scavenge for supplies, weapons, and resourses to build a home and live in a safe, friendly environment. Except in Starbound you don't live on just one planet for the whole time.You can gather fuel such as xoal for your ship to run, and take you to a new, and completely different planet filled with totoally new generated caves, enemies, dungeons and many more.As Starbound is still in Early Access, i think the directors of this games have done and outstanding job so far. I think this game deserves a 8.5/10 based on the early access stage."
,Not Recommended,211820,17644124,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,darkmadness69,"This game has been released for almost 2years. I've only seen a few updates. It took them almost a year to update this game. It would have been nice to get the updates every month or so, but no. I was really hyped for this game only to be let down over time. Take your money elsewhere, or wait for the full release.... But i think HalfLife 3 will be released for this game."
,Recommended,211820,8285373,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Widowmaker55,You can fight space penguins in a purple thong!
,Not Recommended,211820,24605377,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,0oga,"TL;DR:- Cut content that was present in the beta and is absent from the final release.-The monsters and combat still feel very repetitive and unoriginal after around 2 hours in game.-Lots of stuff that was promised is nowhere to be seen-Pets still feel underwhelming.-Vehicles still useless and broken.I enjoyed playing during the beta, seeing how much potential this game had and what it could have become.Sadly, they decided to release the beta and sell it as the finished product.:: Cut content ::When I went to create my old character (which was obviously wiped) and start anew, I noticed that they actually removed some customization options (either hairstyles or various color options for different races), why they would remove content before releasing the game is beyond me.Furthermore, while they did add more biomes and dungeons, they also removed some (USCM bunkers, for instance).Every time you pick up any material (be it dirt or other kinds of terrain) it goes back to its default color, which is really not great if you wanted to export a particular planet's biome or whatever.:: Lore and character interaction ::They drastically changed the lore which featured deeply rooted hostility beetween some races and factions, which was completely justified given thatthe florans nearly brought the hylotl to extinction, but now they are all friends, hugging each other (this change is related to NPCs interactions).:: Hunger mechanic ::The new hunger mechanic is nice, except for the fact that you cannot stack food, and while this is not bad per se (imagine if you could just stack 1000 canned food per slot in your inventory, so much for survival), it makes farming crops extremely painful and boring, because you need to go back and forth ad infinitum harvesting the crop and storing it in the fridge (which also has limited capacity, so you need 10 fridges if you wanna have a decent storage of food).This issue could be easily fixed, in which case I'll update this review."
76561198007847377,Not Recommended,211820,25510008,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Doom,"It is an amazing game. Great visuals, relaxing music, and very cute art style.The problem is balance, progression and gameplay.Combat gets old quickly. Enemies use mostly the same kind of AI, and even though they look different, strategies are the same. The issue is that combat is unfun due to high damage dealt by enemies and low damage dealt by you.The game features worst kind of quests - ""search"" quests. ""Find unknown number of things for no reason whatsoever, we won't tell you where, though."" There are couple of quests where you're required to scan X items of race Y in order to complete the quest. THe quest usually says that ""They can be planed on planet of type Z revolving around star of type W"".... The problem is that the universe is randomly generated, meaning that when you find the star of the right type, it may not have the race you need, may not have the items you need, etc. It is extremely frustrating.Want to avoid ""search quests""? You can't. You have to progress through them in order to unlock shops, upgrades, etc.There's also the whole material progression nonsense, straight out of minecraft/terraria. There's material X, then there's material Y that is stronger than X, but is in more dangerous location, then there's material Z that's stronger than Y but is in even more dangerous location, BUT to get to location with material Z, you must first to unlock upgrade W, for which you need to find material Q, and even once you found it, you need to build upgrade B constructed on object A. There are chains of that nonsense.Digging mechanics, again. It is better than in terraria, but the game could use some mining explosivesThe game has some very strange design ideas. For example, upgrading your armor increases amount of damage you deal with weapons. It is very non-obvious. Last tier armor could upgrade your damage 5 times or more, and trying to fight enemies without it means plinking things to death (to your death, that is). You can't skill those.Speaking of which even tiniest enemies can deal truckload of damage and have a lot of health. Basically, you plink everything to death, unless you search half the galaxy for materials, do a very annoying upgrade chain, and get something that'll boost your damage but only against certain tier of enemies, and to face next tear, you need to hunt for materials again. Sigh.On unrelated note npcs love chasing you around only to stand in front of an interactive item you wanted to click, blocking it.The devs did a great job creating amazing aesthetics/presentation... but messed up with the gameplay, which is not very good. The problem with gameplay is that it often sends you searching for some item, except that in infinite random generated universe, you don't always know where the item is. Searching for needles in a haystack, again and again. Those searches pretty much destroy game pacing and ""immersion"" The intro mission is amazing, but when you're searching for one more thing in the infinite universe, it doesn't feel like that intro.I have impression, that developer's attempt to focus on ""survival"" ultimately ruined the game, because it looks like a lot of effort was put into making stuff harder to obtain. Alright, so you wanna grow a certain plant. You can't buy the seeds, you have to find them. You want to make a sword.... you can't buy the ore, you have to find it. You need a rare material for a cool building? You have to find it. Prices for everything are high, cash is hard to obtain, and selling prices for items is incredibly low. Heck, at least in dwarf fortress you had creative ways of obtaining materials, were mostly fine with lower-tier materials (rarer metal didn't automaticlaly mean stronger weapon) and could buy stuff from passing caravans.  20 hours in you might discover that you CAN buy the ore, if you do a quest for a merchant, and said quest, will require you to hunt through half of the galaxy for some plant seeds and crafting stations. Meaning it is ""To get A, find B, to find B, craft C, to craft C do X, and to do X, find Y and Z"". Oh, and if you want to sell fifty thousand tons of rocks you mined? Well, their selling price is zero.The experience is very uneven, searching for things in infinite randomly generated universe is very annoying, and many elements of gameplay feel strange. It is very tempting to just play on minimum difficulty and use cheats for any items you have trouble finding.---------In the end, it is a pity. Amazing visuals and presentation, ruined by flawed not well thought out gameplay component."
,Recommended,211820,29552201,Posted: 28 January,all,JokezOnU,"Hey, who said being a space cadet wasn't fun? Really though, once you get used to everything, building landscapes, secret hideouts, and exploring all the different stars is rather fun. Doing it with friends makes it all the better."
,Not Recommended,211820,20814858,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,[TSC] SneakyTigerZ,umm how do i play local MP??
76561198122541900,Not Recommended,211820,24563326,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Plazmadawg,"STALE TOASTPlease note this is a long review therefore if you are not the reading type then perhaps move on...I have been a huge fan for a while and this game has given me tons of hours of fun (Even though my game time indicates otherwise, I played a tremendous amount +/- 200 hours offline, the recorded hours is my multiplayer gaming) however since Starbound 1.0 was released, I was incredibly disappointed.A huge amount of content has been cut, so I'm a little perplexed and bitterly disappointed.The perfect analogy to explain this disappointing event is as follows :-What the menu saidThick Toasted bread with pickled onions, mustard, melted stringy cheese and roast beef. Topped with a side serving of gourmet salad or golden french fries and includes a bottomless drink of your choice.Starbound 1.0Stale ToastI must warn you as a buyer that this game was extremely exciting and had a huge amount of variety that slowly vanished and materialised into... well..stale toast.Here is a short list of mechanics and other things which were cut that made me frown:Large amounts of weapons and apparel have been cut which killed the diversity.The Dynamic Temperature System.Some awesome mobility options were cut (Flying).Weapons and items would react in so many diverse and interesting ways.We now we sit with no temperature system, farming planets for days to find theme-based equipment so everything is stratified, no flying and just meh...Quests and progression system is linear,simple and a bag of stale toast:Obtain ItemUse Item to get to point AObtain a different item at point B and then travel to Point C to make a new item.Use new Item to get to Point D to get even newer item when you arriveGuess what... now go to point E to... lemme guess, get a even newer item at point E... No sir, you getstale toast.The only cool thing about the aforementioned is the grass changes color as you progress through the planets and you may perhaps see an eyeball tree or two.The main story line feels forced and just meh... The reason why I say that is because I thought it was going to be a fun filled adventure, riddled with combat, mystery, excitement and unrestrictiveness. My initial thought was gunned down as multiple features, shops and so forth are locked from you, until you progressed enough in the story line.Thus I have to play the game their way so I can do Plan A. It immediately becomes linear and flat... I grow tired of finding the specific planets to scan things...stale toast. Further disappointment followed after it was incredibly short and not very rewarding.With regards to the side missions there isn't anything much more exciting than the main story line... The quests are really boring (MMO style) and you get three categories of quests:Go get thisKill this,Bring this to this person.To top it off the rewards they are totally not worth it, you generally receive ""surprise bag"" which contains either a M.M. Upgrade Module, a Tech Card or sometimes if you lucky...stale toastCrafting your weapons/armor is pointless and ultimately stale toast:Kindly advise the reason for the crafting system?It can be can be a tedious task to farm up resources for specific armor, however it ends up being easier to loot weapons, sell them to vendors, once you have saved enough pixels take the shortcut of just buying the armor.Therefore it renders the crafting system useless cause you can either buy that awesome looking armor a little later in game or you will most likely have a drop which looks likestale toastyet it has better stats than your badass super diamond handled laser axe!I've always enjoyed rare drops as I find it thrilling to kill a boss an he unexpectedly drops that axe you always dreamed of or go exploring to find that random box sitting there full of riches (this is in-game kinda) but this further diminishes the reason for this system to be implemented. Since day one of me playing Starbound I have ignored the weapon/armor crafting system entirely and have only used it when forced.Overall gameplay and other current mechanicsI found out that the moon (or in this case moons) are not made of cheese... it was crusty in texture, bland and.. well more likestale toast. Moons are nothing exciting you just go there jump over spikes 'n stuff to get to that purple liquid that is turned into fuel that allows you to arrive to another planet. So yeah that's it for them wonderful moons.... Giant, Bland, Lifelessm Fuel Stations kinda like the Shell Gas Station at 3 am.Colonies are fun to build but they serve no purpose... once created and you leave... that is it, your colonists just stand there or  walk around... there is no need for your return unless you left your badass super diamond handled laser axe behind again. All that hard work for no real purpose. Secondly if you create large colonies like me your frame rate tends to suffer. So I stopped creating colonies as it wasn't worth it. Plus with everyone just standing around doing nothing, their dwellings only containedstale toastPets bounce around and do a little fighting but yeah... after my second pet I abandoned this feature as there is nothing exciting about it other than providing a little extra dps.Starbound has this massive universe and I find it absent... its just missing that spark that it had in early access.The Crux:The game is priced well and it did have bang for the amount you paid but that was then.Beautiful worlds, drizzled with interesting concepts in large universe however this is crippled with not that much to do. Once one has built a large base and/or made your ship look bad♥♥♥♥♥you are left with a boring and short story line that is plagued with rinse and repeat mechanics. As I progressed I was shocked at the lack of content... it just became so uninspired... it all boiled down to traveling from planet to planet mining the next tier of resources and making stuff, stopping at this moon to get fuel. (Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥what about my colony, agh nothing happens so they will be fine... move you stupid cat I can't see what I'm doing!!! <meow>)Later you have to go around to certain planets in order find each of the six races and their civilizations, start clicking around for green highlighted objects to scan them, talk to this NPC then that NPC to learn more about them to eventually get the next mission and so on and so forth.Some of these missions are like little instances, with an objective and puzzles with monster dotted everywhere. They tend to entertain you for a little while, but after a couple the novelty wears off and its rinse and repeat.Make your ship/house look pretty, travel again, craft this, buy that, travel here to complete this... low and behold that is it.I am not jumping on the hate train however I was bitterly disappointed with the final product and this game was leaps back at version 1.0... the beta versions were far better and I must say the current state that it is in has curbed my enthusiasm for the for a while and will probably not play it again if it remains in this state thus I cannot recommend it.Starbound is certainly not the worst game I have ever played and had some really fun moments (especially multiplayer) however it is so large but it's atmosphere is lacking, current game content gets boring fast. It only took me a few hours to get bored of Starbound 1.0. It is a very sad day indeed for Starbound... Please fix yourself I miss you♥♥♥♥♥3/10 can't do stale toast again."
76561198027549301,Not Recommended,211820,22603057,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,rhino452,"I've finally decided to weigh in on this game. I really wanted to love it and have played it for what seems like hudrededs of hours. Like other reviewers I would say that yes, it needs a greater sense of purpose. It needs something to make me care after I have played it as long as I have. I have endured the game hoping the next update would make it the great game it could be.  Instead I have lost and had to redo many character because the game lives only in early access and continues to have  updates that erase your characters. I've gotten tired of messing with game files to keep my passed characters. I wanted  this game to crush Mine craft. Starbound has alot going for it, but it has taken to long to get here. The developers needs to  Stop creating new games titles and foucus on finishing this game Asap.  Give it purpose and you will have a winner. Until then I can no longer recommend this title. In the passed I have recommend it to friend I have even bought two copies one for me and on for my daughter. She like Mine craft better ahhhh."
,Recommended,211820,8293962,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ThePantsWizard,Excited. This game is really good!
,Not Recommended,211820,22850508,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Juice,"I played over a hundred hours of Terraria, it's easily in my top 10 favorite games of all time. I want(ed) more of that and was really hoping this game would deliver.It doesn't."
76561198150541988,Not Recommended,211820,20922310,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,\\ThatOneLamia,"Ok I'm going to be honest this game seemed like it was going to be fun when it was in early access.And it was. In fact it was one of my favorite games that I owned... Now look at it. Its just a huge mess. The developers cant take any form of criticism and if you say something is wrong with the game, Its your fault.Pros+ Awesome music, It really is wonderful.+ Lots of races to pick from+ Adventure around the universeCons- The game isnt really good 3-7 hours to finish- The devs ruined the game with the 1.0 update- The devs are cry babys- The price is to high- Gets boring after you finish the game- They ruined the combat system with the combat update- Bosses can be really easy"
,Not Recommended,211820,25506460,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,lakin.wecker,"The 6 levels of progression are like a single game with new game plus. Each progression is identical. Explore a different planet for new city, click everything in site, mine for a small amount of material that's conveniently located on the same planet, build new level of boots, chest armour, helmet and breathing pack, fight slightly different looking boss that's mind numbingly easy.If you like the building/exploration of terraria then buy this game. If you're looking for space themed digital lego with unlimited, but exactly the same, content, then this game is for you. If you're looking for an actual video game, with some amount of problem solving, challenges or enjoyable boss fights, then look elsewhere.I enjoyed Terraria - but this game ruined everything that I enjoyed about Terraria and made everything ridiculously easy.Boring.Ps. Multiplayer doesn't make it better. It's like you are all playing your own game, but can randomly drop into the other person's game if needed. But you won't, because what's the point?"
,Not Recommended,211820,24697107,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Dérak,"Underwhelming is the only word needed to describe this game as of 1.0I have ~100 hours in this game, and 80 of them are just screwing around in multiplayer pretending to have fun.  The only reason I didn't stop at 30 hours was because I got a few friends on a server and I enjoyed hanging with them. We weren't playing the game, Starbound was just the chat platform we used.The story is against the very nature of Starbound. It forces you to be the good guy. Ontop of that, it's literally just 5 repeated ""go fetch this to fight boss"" quests that ends up in a game-ending boss that's stupid hard to solo but a walk in the park for 2 players.The ships are too different. Novakid' ship has (personal opinion) the coolest design, but it's probably the smallest one even after it's fully upgraded. The developers said there would be different advantages for the different races, but so far, the literally only advantage one race has over all the others is that it glows in the dark. But actually, all races glow in the dark, for some reason. There's no reason to choose any 1 race over another. Adding game-changing advantages to each race would allow for 7 different replays, right now there's just 1 playthrough, and after that, you've seen all the game has to offer.The enemies are incredibly boring and generic. Every enemy is a reskin of another enemy. There are basically 2 enemies in the game: flying, and not flying. Everything that flies just dashes into you from the air to deal damage. Everything not flying runs into you to deal damage from either side.Every planet is the same under the surface. The dungeons are boring. The celestial system makes no sense. You can find ice planets in close orbits around ""Fiery stars"" but around the very same star, there's a magma ocean way further out. It makes 0 sense.Do not be fooled by the ""Procedual generation"" everyone is talking about. The universe is the same to everyone. It may have been generated originally, but if you start over with a new charachter, it's the exact same universe. If you go online to a server, you'll find the exact same planets at the exact same coords and each tile is placed exactly the same.Basebuilding is pointless because you can have everything in your ship. Engineer crewmembers are overpowered to the point where it's not even funny. I have 1 single engineer, and he's upgraded my ship so much without me doing anything that I can fly from one star to another without using a single unit of fuel. That's right, I use so little fuel now that it rounds it down to not using any fuel at all. That ain't fun.EDIT: Crewmembers are no longer overpowered.Moons are boring. They have 1 feature that makes them attractive: fuel for your ship. That's it. Moons are useless once you have an engineer and 2k units of fuel (see above).And to round it off, here's just a warning for you multiplayer lovers: Do. Not. Group. Up. With. Strangers. You will find that your ship is raided and destroyed before you can even do anything about it. Your ship has 0 protection against randoms from just click-and-draging their Matter Manipulator over all your crates, effectively stealing and despawning all your loot and crafting material. What's the point of multiplayer if you have to risk everything you've worked for up to that point just to play with other strangers. On the other hand, if you don't want to grind through the game, just join multiplayer and raid ships. Free loot with no consequences!http://store.steampowered.com/app/105600/"
,Recommended,211820,23206010,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Tidus,"Edited:I've been playing Starbound since its Early Access days, and let me tell you that the game has seen many changes since its debut alpha/beta launch. I've lost many characters due to updates, patches, and game overhauls, but alas that has yet to stop me from enjoying the game. With the full release of Starbound, the game is more fun than ever!Chucklefish has done a wonderful job in bringing us a space themed crafting/sandbox game. The story is good and the infinitely generated universe keeps the game fresh and appealing. Your exploration of planets will be well rewarded with a vast loot system of weapons, armors, ores and items. Each planet is unique in design and may contain settlements, dungeons, ruins, prisons, research centers, trading post or may be void of life all together. In addition to planetary life, you may also encounter enviromental hazards as well that can constantly put you in danger! Crafting, upgrading, survival, mining and randomly generated quest will form the base of your gameplay and it is a rather rewarding grind.Overall I recommend Starbound to anyone who enjoys crafting/sandbox games and enjoys grinding for rewards! I also recommend the Starbound Sountrack as well!10/10"
76561198102938506,Not Recommended,211820,23041342,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Wrath,"Honestly, the game is great. It takes a little bit of getting used to but that's normal I suppose. It's a lot of fun if you can muscle through searching for info, resources and weapons. The only thing that I truly have a problem with is the ridiculous slowdown and lag that the game constantly has. I know I don't have the best PC in the world, but I know I can runs games much more taxing than this. The fact that a game as simple as this drops to 5fps is inexcusable. I should be able to run this MUCH faster than the likes of Dark Souls 3 or Skyrim at max settings WITH visual mods.Do I want to recommend it? Yes.Will I? NoThe Devs need to work out the slowness issues and the fact it only uses one core."
76561198078633225,Not Recommended,211820,22848918,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,C0mbustible Cark,"I used to ♥♥♥♥ing love this game a couple years ago. I forgot what update ruined the game, but all I know is that the Sector system (Alpha, Beta, etc.) was removed in the update that just made me forget this game. It used to be a blast, going around planets and trying to find new gear. There was actually a reason to build on land. It was a great game that I still remember to this day.Today it's not even close to what I remember it being. The quests that NPCs give you seem so childish and just bland for the theme of the game. The, ""AIs"", for ships don't make much sence to me. The ship upgrading ruined the need to look for a good planet to call home. The game is far from what it used to be: Fun. I understand all the negative reviews. I feel the same nostalgia that they do as well. If there was a way to go back to older versions of the game, I'd still probably be playing it today. The updates just made this game horrible."
76561198014832815,Not Recommended,211820,17587064,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,KrapnoV [QC],"""Early Access"" ; The magical term that absolve developers such as Chucklefish to be accountable for their complete disregard of milestones, announced features that never materialize in-game and the less than likely chance that their paying customers might obtain a completed product somewhere down the line.I did get several hours worth of fun out of this game, but the fact that this is still being sold in such an incomplete state and that they continue to refuse acknowledging that this project is D-E-A-D is shocking.Don't believe those silly pixel arts ""screen shots"" they keep showing in place of any actual progress."
,Recommended,211820,33141107,Posted: 2 July,all,NepNep,"Play starbound like stardew valleyMining ores, harvest crops and take care animals.10/10"
76561198095903113,Not Recommended,211820,9613825,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Yuan-Xi,"Chuklefish isn't putting much time and effort into Starbound, and neither should you. But why develop content for a game that you've already sold? You cant sell it twice. I feel that they are leaving too much to the modding community, and not focused enough on delivering a solid, stand alone Game. Maybe they dont' want to release any patches that hamper the modders freedom to customize the game the way they like it, but who knows.My only major gripe is that the game being incomplete makes me feel that at any time all my works will simply vanish; the way my ship locker did. I have no desire to build at the moment, because they will wipe the worlds again when they finalize the universe map.When progression is changed to center around various hazards that will be found on the planets, it will probably be safe to build again. I cant' complain about the lack of content too much since the game simply isn't finished yet, but they really havn't made much progress towards their ideal, randomly generated game structure; as the current quest line ends after the first boss. Progression after the fourth boss is so fast, I'd really have prefered they left out the remaining levels.The game is VERY FUN and addicting, right up until you hit the ""Impervium Wall."" A damning blow that launched all my friends out of the game, and confined me to my ship. The game will need much more substance than what is currently available before I could recommend it as it is now. That all being said; dont' buy this game YET, but you'll definetly want to play it later on. Starbound will have far more, longer lasting appeal ONCE ITS READY for showtime. If you get it now, it might spoil the fun.    also... their other games are looking pretty decent too."
76561198060186396,Recommended,211820,29851072,Posted: 11 February,all,Brainhacker5,"S/O To my friend Nick for buying this for me, minor spoilers ahead.Long read ahead, so here's hoping you stick with me on this.I played Terarria once, did not get any enjoyment out of it. 2D games aren't really my go-to when I look for something to kill time or play with friends, so naturally my first instinct when getting it was, ""Oh, great, this sucks. Another generic building game in 2D.""I've never been so wrong in my life.There is a story to this game, the original lore being cut out after an update some time ago. There are several races, Floran, a species of primitive plant people, Hylotl, the fish-esque peoples, Glitch, medieval robots, Apex, smart moon gorillas, Novakid, glowing gas cowboys, Avians, the religious fanatics, and the master race, Humans. Each race get's their own unique ship when starting and must repair it. As time goes on, you will be able to upgrade your ship as you attain crew members through quests or colonies (which will be mentioned later).  The main storyline is a ton of repeat, which really was boring, but the boss fights were very interesting.Much like other survival games, you need to gather blocks and resources to build houses or bases, or if you're like me, find settlements on planets and steal their items. I never was personally able to start from scratch, as for me, my friends who had some nice gear had chose to help me out with gear and weapons and whatnot right from the get-go. There are two kinds of armor in the game, cosmetic and stat armor. Cosmetics are just like they sound, good for looks, not so much for stats. Stat armor can be found from vendors on planets or made at a forge that you can either create or..steal. Weapons range from sniper rifles, assault rifles, Semi-automatic and full-automatic pistols, swords, axes, and ballbusting hammers.Once you progress in the story a little, you will find the main hub, be sure to mark the teleporter once you get there, otherwise you'll be looking for the way back again. Here you can find ore vendors, a general store, personal mounts, and other things that you will need come later in the game.As I said, colonies are a thing. My two-cents are as follows; My friend, the very same person who bought me the game, said he started a colony. Now I had plenty of decorations and stuff from an Apex place and decided I wanted to become a scientist. So I teleported to my friend and began building. He gave me a colonial deed and told me to place it down. Since then I've been obsessed with making places for people to live in this game.To start a colony is pretty simple, find a planet where it's said that there is no life, and begin building. Get a colonial deed from the outpost, and have fun.By the time of completing this review I finished the main story and have started another colony with my other friend. I'm still having fun with it. You can easily put plenty of time into this game.Final rating? 9/10. Story wasn't really that compelling and side quests get just as repetitive, but I could follow. Fantastic with friends."
,Not Recommended,211820,10912315,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Talon,"Starbound is a decent game, but if you have played Terraria the game just doesn't compare. The game has been released for quite some time, yet they have released very few updates. I doubt Starbound will be finished for 3-4 years, if at all. Great consept and design but lazy execution."
76561198147563209,Recommended,211820,29219325,Posted: 13 January,all,Darth Sevaren,"Starbound has been around a long time now, I remember hearing about it, looking it up and thinking, it's Terraria.But no, I was pretty damn wrong, this game combines the best elements of terrarias building and world generation and Cube worlds dungeons and looting systems, Coupled with an expansive lore and easy to run asaettings you can easily belt 200+ hours into this game and still have time to explore new lands and grow your own huge city.There is something for everyone in Starbound, Great building, Developed dungeon/Looting systems, a huge collection of lore and Constant new randomley generated worlds to explore, This game is not a copy of Terraria in the slightest, If anything it's a great improvement and something unique.Starbound is completely worth the price and i guarantee You'll have a great time playing."
,Not Recommended,211820,13396512,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Rinzler,"This game really tries to be like Terraria in space, but it comes up short in content.With the absense of updates and the devs being quiet, my money feels wasted on this.So tl;dr I know this will get downvoted into oblivion, so save your hard earned money and buy killing floors or divintiy original sin instead"
76561198117599818,Recommended,211820,9645464,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,⎛⎝Lucifearus⎠⎞,"This game rocks. Starbound, Skyrim, Terraria, and Dark Souls are by far my favorite games ever."
,Recommended,211820,8282626,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Supershot,"This game is good. Some of the weapon names could be a little less... Stupid, but other than that 10x better than Terraria hallelujah."
,Recommended,211820,17279015,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,◢猫Eftann◤先輩,game is awesome! You have to do a lot of things like exploring or doing quests. If You have friend with who you can play game is even more fun!But there some problems first:you cant change mouse sensitivitysecond:you must edit game file to disable vsync and get more fps.
,Recommended,211820,8970463,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Hubicorn,I am a planet traveling robot. 10/10
76561197999107339,Not Recommended,211820,11735253,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Captain Awesome,"First of all let me start by saying... this game can be fun. It's pretty bug ridden and it dries up fast as the game is not complete but it CAN be fun.However, I can not recommend buying this game and supporting these developers. People like this are the cancer of steam early access, eroding away peoples trust in the program. SO many broken promises and SO much hate directed at the customers from the team. I don't need to link evidence as this review section is covered in it, and it is disgusting.Do not buy this game. I would go so far as to say do not buy this game even when/if it is completed in the year 20XX. Use the only vote that matters and don't support this kind of behavior with your wallet, if I had known it would end up this way I most certainly would have steered clear."
76561197970622563,Not Recommended,211820,11845294,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,LambdaNamNam,Gets boring fast. No updates. Terrible community (+devs)
,Recommended,211820,8729228,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,InsertNameHere,"Has quickly become one of my go-to games to just pick up and spend all day exploring in. Like other people have been saying, it's like Terraria but in space, with a larger story line (that isn't fully implemented yet as it's still early release), greater variety of environments and of course, space and your spaceship. The developers are constantly adding new content and ever expanding the starbound universe as well as being extremely active in the community. You get to visit new planets, explore them, upgrade and create new equipment/gear, and mine though planets, and coming across civilizations (both hostile and friendly). The exploration aspect is the most fun (in my opinion), just spending hours mining and discovering settlements, new creatures, finding new decorations and gear, exploring asteroids and moons, all while enjoying one of the best soundtracks I've heard for a game. There's also a very large mod community supporting the game, that the developers are quite active in taking part in or implementing those mods officially into the game.This game has had a couple character wipes/resets so far, and it's so enjoyable, I ain't even mad. I just shrug, and get excited that I get to start a new character with new planets and new things to explore/discover all over again. I really can't recommend this game enough, it's absolutely fantastic and even more fun playing with friends. A great game that I absolutely can't wait to see the finished product of."
76561197970684612,Not Recommended,211820,11573136,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Tomato,"The game had some good ideas, but in general there is nothing to do. You travel from planet to planet and just mine for resources so that you can complete the one quest that will let you travel to a new tier of planets (and thus unlock some new craftable gear). This makes the game very repetative and boring in the long run. Its good fun for about 3 hours after that its just more of the same."
,Not Recommended,211820,12225634,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,xXx360_nosc0pe_BrexXxit,Abandoned game
,Not Recommended,211820,26554604,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,ActionPoohole,"I've put in about as much effort for the final version of my review as chucklefish did for their final release. I just got lazy and couldn't be bothered to finish it. I'll say this: Fun game till you realise how poor the end game content is... You'll be downloading buggy mods and entertaining yourself rather than letting the Vanilla game do it for you.Repetitive content which doesn't seem that apparent till you realise it's like playing in just a couple of forests in the world of pokemon (Which you can catch but they get stuck everywhere and are pretty much useless) ... There aren't many different creatures in the world and that is a boring facet of gameplay due to the rest of the game being too easy and a repetitive let down.Overall it's a good experience to begin with but fairly lacking in longevity.Yes, I've got lots of hours into this game but a lot of it was sitting in menus, revisiting existing content or building a town which in the end got really boring due to the lack of furniture.There's also no survival aspect apart from hunger which is rendered irritating at best once you have a decent farm going on.There's not much to do with pixels at all apart from to buy 2 different vehicles with almost zero utility and furniture from the pixel printer. Uninspired story and average game.I had really high hopes for this game, but after travel through various planets I realised quickly that the random generator didn't have very many assets to generate with leading to a frequent feeling of dejavu... Often you'll swear you've been places before.. Even across the galaxy.It's okay for a while but gets boring and requires mods for any long term enjoyment. If there was a ""maybe"" button I'd just click that, but because promises from devs were not delivered I have to say I do not recommend.5/10 - 4 Years of development should have provided a better and more inspired experience."
,Not Recommended,211820,10150345,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Feindbild,"This game is even less than just ""unfinished"" and development has been dead for months. Basically they already sold to most of the interested buyers, so there's no need for them to continue development. Instead they're working on some other game."
,Not Recommended,211820,11437969,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,[BDHs] Darth Sidious,"I have about 20 hours into Starbound and from what I've played it is okay.  I feel like the weapons are all cookie cutter, nothing really seems unique. There doesn't seem to be any events that take place that might test your home location defenses. The lack of healing over time bugs me. I spend more time in a bed/tent then actually exploring/mining. As the game stands right now in Beta I would not recommend it, your money would be better spent on Terraria with it's much wider range of content/weapons/building/events etc."
,Not Recommended,211820,10783517,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Adderall Admiral,This game is a cancerous abomination. It's a terrible attempt at a Terraria clone and I would actually reccomend mass genocide over this game.
,Recommended,211820,8035746,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Bafooba (soontobeback),"(This review was written a long time ago, there has been a HUGE content update since then.)Since Christian wrote KIND OF a one sided review I'm going to tell you all you need to know about this game before you buy it.(it sure seems for everyone of these pros I need to put an asterisk by it.)First the Pros.For a game that's not nearly finished there is sure a lot of content and a lot to do.The artstyle is great and colorful for the most part, everything's distinct, you're not gonna get confused or overwhelmed.The space travel has potential and early on you'll be having fun with it.The music is wonderful, it's like if Halo and TES: Oblivion's composers got together on this because some of the music sure reminds me of those games.If you want difficulty, you're sure going to be dying a bunch early on in this game because there's a lot of things to contribute towards death; hunger, heat, creatures and whatnot.-The difficulty isn't forced and if you die you felt like it's your fault.Now for the cons.While early on you'll be having a blast, it soon gets repetitive once you've played enough, every planet feels the same and it bores you. I really do savor the moments when I find something interesting, like a military prison that has been overrun by its prisoners or a temple full of angry florans.But finding these things takes chance and by 15 hrs in the game you're on the wiki looking for cool places to visit.The music feels off. The game is very sci-fi-esque and they've got the music set to a fantasy world.It can fit in the right planets but most of the time it feels like you're playing death metal while frolicking in the flowers.Tediousness. The game feels like you're just grinding way too much.Scouring the land in search of coal JUST to fuel your ship just feels like busy-workHaving to create a beacon for a boss fight JUST to die and have to create it AGAIN.It's infuriating and certaintly takes away from the experience.It's unfinished. Now mind you I know this is early access but this review is for someone who is wanting to PURCHASE the game.No It's not riddled with bugs.Yes if you play it enough it gets dull.I've heard they are adding new things like space combat.But if you are wanting a FULL game stacked to the top with content then, you may or may not want to hold your cash.So that's my review, it's a good game, not the greatest albeit I did enjoy this game a lot more than Terraria.I'm really hopeful in the future of this game."
,Not Recommended,211820,11348384,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,TickDickler,"http://www.reddit.com/r/gaming/comments/2ba95x/starbound_denying_refunds_without_a_reason_even/Not my post, but seems legits."
,Not Recommended,211820,11355428,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Boston ✓,"The game has still yet to be finished even though they promised it would be dont in 2013 no matter how few or how many people preordered. Even though they raised 4+million dollars, they still may not finish the game by 2015. I feel that since they have recieved probably about how much would have been recieved after the game was complete they feel they don't need to continue making the game since they already have the money from it. They are throwing the users and backers under the rug."
76561198137875876,Not Recommended,211820,24692517,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Spicy Pumpkin Meme,"This game showed so much potential back two or more years ago. The game didn't take a super-computer to run (much, anyways,) and the game was very fun and easy to play. Eventaully, things began to evolve, and as they should, but this game, as of 1.0, is NOTHING like the game I played two years ago. The game I played two years ago felt infinitately more fun and polished than.....this. The UI is awful, the performance potato, and the game itself....just feels more empty and hollow than it did. I'm glad that they've implemented an offical workshop for mods, but I feel like all of the changes they've made over the years have slowly dulled and uninspired the game for me.I do not reccomend. Unless you're a time traveler and can go back a few years ago, when the game was better."
,Not Recommended,211820,24662728,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,chipz_,"This game is fun, but too repetitive.Find CivilizationScan itDefeat dungeon bossrepeatalso, ending sucks♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211820,33232765,Posted: 4 July,all,alexgameygames,"Excellent game. Love the quests, crew system, and the music. I've played a lot of Terraria before, and while some mechanics are conceptually similar, I find Starbound to be a little less tedious especially when it comes to mining and crafting.What I would like to see more of:1) More inspired weapons:  I wish there were more interesting weapons in the game. Terraria weapons are outrageous, while Starbound weapons are a bit dull to me. The setting is out-of-this-world and crazy, why not throw in crazier weapons into the mix.2) More variation when it comes to level design/layout: Yes, maps are procedurally-generated, I know. But I do find myself going to planets that only have minute variations from other planets I have visited before. Dungeon layouts and some locations are often repeated too.The above are just minor gripes of mine. Overall, I find the game to be extremely charming and engrossing. Definitely a must buy if you like exploration/mining games."
76561198036298947,Not Recommended,211820,24796759,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Inkidu,"On paper this seems fun, but most of it is just bland saminess that it gets boring before you even leave the first planet (which takes far too long to be honest, especially if you die with the plot cupons--which you can use up if you're not careful). I'm not going to say it's Terrania in space, because I've never played the game, and I know I might not have played it a long time, but the reason I can't recommend it will make that clear.It's about as intuitive as a brick is to breadmaking. Yeah, you can probably do it, but you might smash your fingers a few times and break some dishes doing it. The game has a very sparse tutorial that doeesn't really teach you what you need to know to do any of the basics. It might not take you a while, but it is annoying.You don't have many equipment slots so mining, harvest, crafting, and building are all beta-worthy slogs that take a long time, and a lot of fiddling in the inventory, which doesn't pause the game. Seeing as several of your inventory slots go toward weapons or a light source that means building anything involves opening the inventory, which blocks a lot of things. It's a constant click juggle. It really made me appreciate Minecraft's systemAlso the game has (and going by the forums never will have) no real way of setting the display to higher resolutions. So it forces you to use low res (which makes the game look worse than something from the 80s) or you play windowed, which sets the resolution at still kinda bad.It might be worth tolerating if the experience wasn't just so bland, boring, and hemogenized.Update: After playing a lot more (most of it offline) because Steam refused my refund. I have to say my original review was spot on. This is a bland, frustrating mess and it's not worth the asking price. I'd also like to add the lack of any kind of helpful encyclopedia. You're going to go to the Wiki for this one a lot."
76561198145578027,Recommended,211820,24483643,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Falcon,"After playing starbound for a while before 1.0, I ended up leaving starbound, waiting for the inevitable 1.0 which was always 'coming soon!'. As time went on I became increasingly skeptical of both when 1.0 would come and how much of a difference it would make. Well I can safely say  1.0 ended up being a significant game changer.There is a complete story, crafting is far less strenuous, farming is more viable,  the game in general is bigger than I ever remember it being... on top of all that they added steam saves, steam integrated multiplayer and achievements! now is a great time to get back into/buy starbound. Better than its ever been.pros:(starbound 1.0 specific)*multiplayer is streamlined(Starbound 1.0 specific)*steam cloud saves(Starbound 1.0 specific)*Items automatically crafted, now with a button to stop the auto crafting*fully featured story and cutscene*easily hundreds of hours of content*tons of items*excellent infinite sandbox*fun unique bosses*interesting locations*dungeonsCons:*some technical glitches and performance issues still present*story is pretty cliche(intentional?)*new objective system makes the journal less useful than it was beforeAlso on a side note:NOVAKID FTWEdit: some things to point out that didnt particularly bother me, but might bother others:*Saves from prior to 1.0 are deleted for compatibility reasons*cant teleport from  underground, making digging back up to surface a bit more strenuous"
,Recommended,211820,7929721,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Azor Ahai Reborn,"Terraria + Star Trek = Starbound.If that's not good enough for you, then I don't know what is."
,Recommended,211820,8607383,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Cheesehead604,"Starbound brings to life what games such as Minecraft and Terraria couldn't. The world presents itself as a magnanimous, peaceful haven with birds chirping and the wind blowing. Your character has the freedom to dig deep, deep down into the planet you've landed on, or search in either direction for goodies in caves and randomly-generated establishments. While the option for customization in terms of aesthetics isn't mind-bogglingly large, the game offers a wide array of materials, colors, and clothing options to choose from. Maybe not on the level that Minecraft has been famous for, but it's enough to complement the game's beautifully serene and awe-inspiring landscapes.However, at nighttime, creatures of all kinds stalk the surface (and underbelly) of each planet. The game, too, gives you a selection of weapons to choose from, each with their own statistics and features.There is enough here to purchase the game: from the jaw-dropping mountains, caverns, lakes, and forests, to (personally) one of the most relaxing and beautiful soundtracks to a game I've ever heard. I have literally felt my shoulders ease up tension and relax from listening to the title screen song.Nevertheless, the game is still in development. Yes, you will come across useless items with no current purpose. Yes, you may encounter a character wipe as a result of a patch. And yes, you will grow tired of the redundant mining, chopping, and crafting necessary to get the momentum going in this game. But in the end, it is all worth it, because when your character lay there in the bed you've crafted under the warm glow of a finely perched torch in the dark of the night, your home will seem more than just pixels on a computer screen: you will feel a sense of impending happiness and accomplishment in your tangible self for having created something so unique from the recesses of your mind. You will feel part of a planet, of a solar system. This game could be argued as a metaphor for the insignificant-yet-significant impact humanity can and has made on this planet, and, heck, maybe the next one over.Explorers, get this game. Thinkers and creators, pick it up ASAP. Adventurers, don some armor.Starbound is not a revolutionary idea in any sense in terms of gaming, but it is a fresh start to the void of game development games have seldom crossed: limitlessness.It is unlike any Minecraft or Terraria knockoff you will find on the gaming market. It is a personal, transcendent experience with the great beyond, right here on your computer.It's an entire universe, and it's just begging for your attention."
,Recommended,211820,7988517,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Archangel,"Terraria in space!!!!Starbound begins with you fleeing your homeworld in a space shuttle, just as it's destroyed by an unknown enemy. With nothing to guide it, the escape pod shoots into space without direction, becoming hopelessly lost in a sea of stars. As luck would have it, the space shuttle makes contact with an abandoned space station and an adventure begins that will take you hurtling across the universe. Starbound contains both quests and story driven missions, buried inside its vast sandbox universe.The space station in Starbound is sprawling and full of potential. Throughout your travels you'll find ways to upgrade and repair it, restoring it to its former glory. You'll need to find a crew, conduct research, catch rare creatures, and unlock its multitude of facilities. From a factory capable of producing mechs to labs where captured enemies can be studied and trained, the space station contains everything you need to explore the universe."
,Not Recommended,211820,24521535,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,The Red Scarf,"All the hype around this game and my general interest in a space exploration game in which the player can do as they please on top of the fact that it was recently fully released finally compelled me to play Starbound. And guess what? It's♥♥♥♥♥♥You're able to farm, build, fight, explore or sell things in this game. I couldn't stand playing it for long enough to try farming but from what I've seen it looks pretty dull.The building mechanics are actually decent as there's a good amount of options that allow for the player to really make whatever planet side structures they want. Sure, it would have been nice to be able to build things in space but it's too much of an issue.From what I've played fighting is a fairly mixed bag. The diversity in the weapons and the special abilities they each have is pretty cool and it was always quite exciting to finally find a new weapon to use. Problem is, the actual combat is... lacking. It's a desperate flurry of spamming left click in the hopes that your weapon will make contact with the rejected pokemon charging towards you. It's so imprecise that it just becomes a chore.Exploration is god awful and by far the most disappointing aspect of the game. Each planet is just a reskin of the last and there is quite literally nothing to do except trade, fight and get loot (and build, of course.) After adventuring around a couple of planets with my mate I was beginning to suspect that there really wasn't much to this game at all.Which just leaves you with selling. To be honest, I don't think I need to go to in depth with this one: You drag and item into a UI panel and press a button.So what else really is there? Well, mining of course!At the start of the game you get chucked onto a boring Earth-like planet and have to find 20 ""core fragments"" in order to get into the space part of the game. There is only one tiny little problem:Hunting for the core fragments is the most soul crushingly dull experience I've ever dragged myself through.It really comes down to running through a bunch of empty caverns in the hope that you can get deep enough into the planet to find a cluster of orange flowing tic-tacs in the ground. ♥♥♥♥ing riveting stuff. Add to that that you'll be dying from huge drops into empty caverns and hoards of the rejected pokemon chasing after you and you've got one hell of an irritating start to a game.For one the ""100 best games ever made"" you must be thinking that this game has some kind of saving grace. Well, there is one more thing... the story.And my god is it dreadful.Imagine the most generic science fantasy story line just being straight up told directly to the player instead of letting them slowly uncover the game's mysteries for them self. And that's the story. It's just some vague way of stringing together the quests you get given in the game.So surely, surely there has to be something here to enjoy, right? Right?Yes! There is! The art direction, graphics and animation quality are excellent. It is a really beautiful game. The soundtrack is also quite decent. So if all you want is a pretty slide show with cool music, then go for it!But if you're looking for a game with real substance and content, stay away. At best, it's just an average Terraria-esque game with space bits tacked on. At worst, it's slow, repetitive and just really empty.""In Starbound, you create your own story - there’s no wrong way to play!""Yeah... not quite.Final verdict:45/100"
,Not Recommended,211820,12998527,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ovicior,An odd bug where I cannot go into fullscreen with part of the screen being cut off. Very inconvenient and I seem to be the only one with the issue.
76561198058257182,Recommended,211820,29909273,Posted: 13 February,all,Yato,"I bought this game for me and a couple of my friends and we all have had a great time playing! All the hours you see I have is just from me playing with friends. It's a great game if you have nothing else to do and you want to play something. The artstyle, soundtrack, freedom, and exploration make for a great experience! All in all I would give this game a 9/10."
,Not Recommended,211820,13043735,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,HappyTuna,Nothing's changed in 11 Months.Guess I got scammed again.Never again Early Access. Never. Again.Gg wp ChucklefishHope you spent my money on something nice.
76561198241254572,Recommended,211820,23492587,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Stale meme queen,"Clearly while this game has alot of love put into it, it still has alot of work still unfinished before it is finished and becomes the game people really wanted it to be,An immersive space adventure/building game."
76561197967228093,Not Recommended,211820,12124398,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Jacob_V,"Let me start by giving the folks at Chucklefish a huge round of applause for drawing me in to this game.  The trailers, videos and other media for this game all looked epic.  Here was a true adventure game!  Something to revigorate that awesome Terraria feel, but even better!  An amazing tale of discovery and rebuilding!And then you bought the game, started playing, and realized - it was all a facade.Starbound has one of the worst put-together progression systems I have ever seen in a game.  It goes like this - find materials, combine materials, fight boss, next stage.  Rinse and repeat for not 2 tiers, not 3, but 10 FRIGGIN TIMES.  And after the fourth teir, there aren't even any more bosses.  Dreadful.Mining is useless, since caves are incredibly rare and usually contain nothing of use.  And anyways, you can find everything - yes, everything - you need just by walking around on the surface.  So that's almost 70% of the world that is simply useless.  Dungeons are huge and...that's it.  They contain almost no loot, and present no challenge since almost every room is the same.  Just fighting my way through Terraria's single dungeon was more fun than all the dungeons I have gone through in this game put together.  Dreadful.And, quite possible Starbound's worst offense?  Let me give you the fast version.  In a game with an insane, morbid cult, a devastated human race, and a race of mutated apes who are under threat of extinction, there are ten times as many terrible jokes, fourth wall breaks, and other things that ruin your experience.DREAD-FUL.Simply - do not buy this game.  Go spend your 15 dollars on Terraria, or Minecraft, or any other sandbox you can think of.  Don't let Starbound's clever advertising get to you - this game is nothing it says it is."
,Recommended,211820,9223061,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Loud?,I gotta say i was scared of buying this game since i had a bad time with terraira.But i found this game to be ten times better. If you gave me this game didnt tell me it was in beta i wouldnt be able to tell. It feels like a full game and the things this game can do is insane millions of planets with different biomes. Some biomes being impossible to live on with acid rain and lakes of lava and some easy going. You can also make them safe by making a survival system providing oxygen.Also this game supports mods with its own mod folder just put them in and when you want to unistall just take them out. Also so the easiest portfowarding ive ever done this game is great for mulitplayer and also solo.Bottom line- Buy this if you wish Terraria was better and your bored of minecraft
76561198052906750,Not Recommended,211820,12151122,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,SkySheep,"Not enough content, about half an hour's worth of gameplay before you're maxed out and finished.Developers haven't updated the game in over half a year, so...Starting to look like the next ""stomping land"""
76561197970676461,Not Recommended,211820,12993295,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Oranthal_J_Simpson,"Blame Terraria. Amazing game. Starbound- empty garbage rip-off. Don't buy, very annoyed how much money they made off association with greatness.Devs appear totally out of their depth. Only consider if you watch some youtube of the finished product, when your retirement might pay for it."
76561197994470056,Recommended,211820,8909969,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,An Unfuckable Chud,"Be space bird-man, build giant space phallus, live the space dream"
76561198047215293,Not Recommended,211820,24764979,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Eddie,"As someone coming from Terraria,This game is fun for about 5 hours and then you realize that its just the same things repeated over and over. The quest are stale and boring, getting loot is not interesting, and the ""vast universe"" is pointless because once you visit a planet once, you never go back. What annoys me the most is online though, anyone can look through your ship's storage and and greif your ship. There is really no incetive to help each other because the game is TOO EASY.I would recommend buying when ever its on sale though. This game will only get better with time but for now, its not fun."
,Recommended,211820,9002214,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,CI_Munchnplay,"For all you Terraria lovers ,and if youve never played Starbound it offers endless adventures, countless planets to visit, and play alone or with friends, same survival aspect with a open [world's] rpg like game play. craft , survive , adapt to your worlds , get tired one visit another . build where ,what ,and when you want.Very user friendly game helps & tips all along the way. This game is a must have for a indie game lover or you want to add to that awsome collection of games.I dont look back this purchase is worth it! get it."
,Not Recommended,211820,13041705,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Jet Riza,I honestly had high hopes for this game but with no updates in site. I have lost hope for this title and perhaps the developer. this was my first and maybe last early access game I will buy.
,Not Recommended,211820,26007628,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Wesdabest,"Not a bad game, but I'm surprised by the lack of depth after so many years of development."
76561198092131163,Not Recommended,211820,17063494,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Harold,lacks content and ability to join friends via steam
76561198037864828,Recommended,211820,9267256,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,≡DSN≡ Scheitan,"What to say about Starbound?Well, it´s amazing. In many ways. You can do everything, nearly unlimited. Settle down on one Planet? No Problem. Grab all Stuff and just wander from one planet to millions of others? No Problem. Build up a high-tech fortress to defend you from all evil? No Problem. And many many more.In my opinion this is a game I always have been looking for. Easy to learn, difficult to master. But lots of fun because you live in a real sandbox universe. Build and explore? No, better build and/or explore. Or do some Quests. Or battle the evil. Or battle the good. Or just dig yourself a huge cavern. Or explore them. Sigh, so much to do and so less time.Pleasy be so good and buy it. Just hit the buy button, you can´t do anything wrong. Early Access? More to come? They should give out divorcement coupons ^^"
,Not Recommended,211820,28767245,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,IndustryStandard,"I don't have an excessive time in it, but my experience with what I have done with the game so far was so bad that I refunded it.Let's give some context here, Here is a game that is no longer in early access and with system requirements that my computer easily exceeds. So why is it that whenever the game decides it's going to rain my FPS has to completely drop to 30 or lower? Why is this a normal occurance that this community just accepts? Performance is all over, it's overall playable I guess, but if what I hear is true, once you get to populated planets or a hub the framerate is terrible too. This rediculous, and these positive reviews were not covering this as if it didn't matter??But I'm Me, I played on an Intel HD 1000 for a long time in the past, low fps is something I can handle. But the UI, ohhhh my goodddddddddd. The UI is awful, I mean this is not a subjective thing, it IS DREADFUL to use, it is so jarring to play games like Terraria, Minecraft or most any PC game and then go to this game. You find it's clunky, difficult to find anything, difficult to navigate and so on. It's digusting how bad a PC games interace is. And it does get in the way, you WILL fight with it. Why can't I just right click crafting stations, storage, doors etc like every other PC game of this genre? You instead have to hover over it and press E. Because of course, the slower route is basically the only route right now.Add onto this, crafting is annoying, it takes time to craft things, and you need to keep the crafting window open which can be annoying to watch, but I guess this is a survival game technically. By like the furthest definition of it. Which brings me to the food meter, that doesn't get explained to you in the tutorial until your close to starving, I seriously didn't even know it was there, it's just a bar sitting up in the corner, it doesn't have a food icon or anything. It feels like such a tacked on feature that doesn't have to exist, and wouldn't lose anything by getting rid of it.Finally the games melee combat is terrible, especially against multiple enemies, the sword doesn't just swing like it should, it does a little combo animation thing over and over, which looks nice but doesn't keep enemies back even if you are backpeddling away from them. It also doesn't strike smaller units that manage to be under the sword when you are striking and it feels very unfun to use. Terraria did this much better by having swords arch down more.I know my hours don't show much, but this was enough to make me refund the game, it feels very unprofessional and I have no idea what is in store after I leave the beginning planet, and quite frankly I don't care anymore.If these seem minor to you then pick it up if the other reviews convince you, if these could bother you, then maybe check into workarounds or wait to see if they get fixed."
,Not Recommended,211820,11315039,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,M. Vegad,"Devs are lazy c*nts who once promised a game which will be actively updated but we got nothing but a game that's barely finished. Also the starbound community is f*cking disgusting. Its whole population is furries, bronies and weeaboos who will bash and even ban you for not accepting their crap. It's so infested with furries that I got permabanned from here for asking them to stop posting furry threads. You can see how f*cking ugly, hopeless and asocial these people are.http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/what-do-you-look-like.16198/http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/unofficial-offical-therapy-thread.31519/http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/anime-3.18037/http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/furries.80776/http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/wyrd-organization-of-furries.6414/http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?threads/wyrd-order-of-furries-x2.63511/Typical starbound player:http://community.playstarbound.com/index.php?members/pyrolun.191840/""Pyrolun: back to writing gay tails/sonic fanfiction""To note he's friends with another furry admin Jonesy. Hopefully these people die from cancer. Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,9576505,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Hollowsong,An impressive leap of design since Terraria; Starbound is headed in the right direction. I hope in time it fulfills its goals and fleshes out its content a bit more. There comes a point where it's a bit repetitive and it seems like the weapons/monsters scale too harshley... but it's early in development. Definitely worth playing and even more so as time goes on.
76561198057238992,Not Recommended,211820,16971281,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,__V__,"I bought this game for the multiplayer. I played a little singleplayer and had some fun but it wasn't enough just as I expected. So I tried to get on multiplayer. After going through 2 days of digging and pleading and reworking and backtracing and downloading and errors and uninstalling and redownloading and searching and quitting and trying again and teamwork and almost prevailing and then not prevailing and loosing time and loosing my life and loosing my mind to Starbound & Hamachii i've come to realization that the only people who gave thumbs up are loners or liars. The multiplayer would be so much simplier with just server browsing like Killing Floor or any MMO. This game sickens me, but I'm going to keep trying.Oh and keep in mind when you look at my hours, I only spent 4 playing. The rest are me starting and restarting and joiningg and rejoining only to have it fail and error EVERY SINGLE TIME. This is the only review I have ever made at this time but holy crap it is worthy of it's place. **** you Starbound, it's not like your gonna be done ANYTIME SOON"
76561198038840474,Not Recommended,211820,13040060,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Adsteel,"Well, I have to say it's a very promising game, but I strongly disagree with the developers' practices. I bought Starbound a year ago because they had a very clear development plan and, frankly, I give up on waiting. After many months without a update, Chucklefish has lost all credibility I had trusted them.And that goes beyond Starbound's quality. It's about good business practices, which is the reason why I don't recommend buying it. At least, wait a few months (or years, who knows) until the game is finally released."
76561198015032962,Not Recommended,211820,12880126,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Kancer,Game is permanently in early access.
76561198268222464,Recommended,211820,31264987,Posted: 20 April,all,IICOREII,"Really Fun Sorry to say I had got the cracked version at first to test it Loved it sooooo much!!! I bought it for me and my wife on Steam, If you have a creative mind this is the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,211820,20689684,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,76561198020845329,"-Latest starbound update is out, review may be massively outdated, will update after playthrough--The game is early access so this review is subject to change as the game does, it was a positive review at one point in the past-Pre review TL;DR:It's finally out after several years of ""It's coming next year!""http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=663980799&fileuploadsuccess=1Most of this review is being reworked, ill get back to it soon so dont worryPros: (unfinished)+The song and instrument system is fun to play around+Tons of modability and now has steam workshop support+Swordplay is nice and funCons: (unfinished)-Very little ""randomness"" to map and mob generation, you can easily see all if not most of the biomes in a single playthrough-Exploration is slow and for more boring than it used to be even with hoverbikes-Damage on contact has improved since glad girrafe but still isn't as good as co-ordinated attackshttp://steamcommunity.com/app/211820/discussions/0/485624149170915501/-Server lag in single player, slow loading chunks. mobs suddenly freezing, lag opening and interacting with chests, ect.-Crew system is terrible"
,Not Recommended,211820,12797085,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Fish,"Don't even think about buying this ****in game. Not a single update in 10 months. Let me make it more clear, NOT A SINGLE UPDATE IN 10 MONTHS. I DONT GIVE A **** THAT THEY UPDATE THE NIGHTLY BRANCH. There has been no offical updates in 10 MONTHS. Do yourself a favor, DONT A SEND A SINGLE ****IN PENNY TO THE DEVS. I wish I could get my money back."
,Not Recommended,211820,24586709,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,WAAZZAAP,"This game completely trashes its own potential.-Story is dogshit, feels super rushed, replaying feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing chore-No racial traits whatsoever.-Lack of content after YEARS of development.-Building houses serves zero purpose, all you need is your ship.-Bosses are crap overall, no challenge, no good music (same song is used in like 4 bossfights), no good visuals.-Where's the interaction with NPCs? All you can do is mash E to get random ♥♥♥♥♥♥ responses.-No ammo for firearms, instead it eats your energy. A very dumb system, in a game like this what you would want is sustained fire.-Mob variety is poorly done, you can meet slimes that you find on your first forest planet on a radioactive snowy planet later on, i don't think it would be hard to add more enemies after years and years of development considering that most enemies are reskins anyway.-Death animations are... what the ♥♥♥♥?-NPC settlements are the same across every planet, a floran village in a jungle biome is no different from a floran village on a scorched planet with extremely hot temperatures, even the NPCs look the same (no protective gear)-Exploring is a joke, you just walk left/right for 15-20 minutes, might come across a village that you pillage because once again there is no interaction with the NPCs. ♥♥♥♥s sake, they don't even react to theft.-Vehicles are poorly designed, the terrain was also not made for them. You keep bumping into things and you have to build bridges to drive over gaps with your scooter bike thing, on sea you always need to get out of your boat, cross the island, spawn it once again, rendering boats pretty much useless - you might as well just swim. Also no submarines or anything to be able to travel fast underwater.-No jetpacks/anything that provides airborne mobility. You'd expect things like this in a SPACE THEMED game, but still there is literally nothing of the kind.-""Novakid"" have zero lore, despite the promised ""full integration into game's lore""-Very few quests, NPC quests ""fetch this kill that"" are ♥♥♥♥ing disgusting-Co-op is bad, there is never enough loot for two people, let alone THREE people (and we had the pleasure to play as FOUR)Chucklefish, sell this game to someone more competent."
,Not Recommended,211820,20631651,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Papa Palpatine,"This game is great and interesting for the first 24 hours or so of playing it. After you've played it for a period of time it starts becomijng repetitive and the quests become some what boring. I really want to write a good review for this game but now, it just sits there in my Steam Library."
,Not Recommended,211820,12768931,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,erac,"This game. I would not recommend it (at least right now) AT ALL. This game. Has so much potential. But here is a quick run-through of stuff it needs to fix:-You can only make private servers on hamachi without spending a bajillion dollars-There's no real goal to accomplish in the game-Base building is somewhat difficult an the point of a home planet is stupid-It takes forever to get off your starting planet and when you do there is little to no feedback on where to goI'd give this game a 3.5/10. If it really interests you, get it, but keep your hopes down."
,Not Recommended,211820,13022178,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Texture,"Last stable update was...February? February.February 2014.Fun at first, but currently not recommended."
,Not Recommended,211820,21398656,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,TwistedDude,"I bought Starbound because it looked like a game id enjoy.  I was having to deal with iratating continuos lagg(even playing offline) And also to mention the games been in beta for 2 years ! No wonder the player community in this game is small,"
,Not Recommended,211820,24784627,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Ruga,"Honestly, what a let down. Two and a half years past its original supposed release date and the game feels like they've hardly made any progress at all despite leaving early access. Give this game a pass and pick up Terraria instead."
,Not Recommended,211820,12731240,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Shadow Step,"I have been with this game since the first couple months of development. At first this game was a meaningless grind for nothing but exploring a world woth virtually nothing to do. Now this game is packed with things to do but it doesn't feel like anything new. I've seen all of these things before in other games in the genre and I'm starting to get sick of it. You have about 10 hours of fun with suviving but then you overtake the planet and move on to another and explore that one to find some enemies with slightly different looks and attacks. After another 5 hours of declining fun with the gear you've been using since the beginning of the game, you decide to get new gear. You craft and craft but run out of pixels. You then kill monsters looking for them and get enough for whatever you needed. After this the problem doesn't fade away, it worsens as you enter the never ending grind for these irritating little blocks. So this game is minimally buggy and runs great but those that appear are pretty big like the ground disappearing and turning clear. The quests at the beginning of the game are GARBAGE. Get me coffee. Make me coffee. Get me a cup for my coffee. Get me sugar for my coffee. Just a pain in your butt for the first several hours of the game. I'm trying to like it but can't and would only recommend it to someone I don't like and want them to waste their money. Multiplayer is in pretty bad shape at the moment too. I give this game a 4/10."
76561198058771620,Not Recommended,211820,12796111,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Goofer,"People keep on saying the devs abandond this game but that is clearly not true when you go to their web site it shows how much they want it to be perfect when they update it to the baseline game. Regarding gameplay if you have played more that 70 or 100 hours of this game wouldn't you say that is worth $15 all in itself. I will say that as it is now is shallow in the sense that i can get to top tier items in less than 3 hours now, so I would have to say don't get it now wait a bit longer until it comes out of early access."
,Recommended,211820,29780347,Posted: 8 February,all,Arsenic Flask,Better than No Mans Sky
76561198097740526,Not Recommended,211820,24467332,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BOT Michel,"Played for 3 hours straight. Really good experience, but suddenly had a crash.After opening the game up again, my save data is gone.Congrats about the 1.0 version and all, but please do integrate auto-saves into the game if you can't seem to handle all of your bugs yet. nothing is gonna give me these 3 hours back, and as much as fun I had, this is unacceptable."
,Recommended,211820,7994497,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,[F!] Aldershot,Great game! 35+ hours in 2 days. obviously the game is amazing!Check out my impressions video on the gamehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Idi89F-dIhg
76561197999128815,Recommended,211820,9158048,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Torvaak,"Explore, Fight, Build, Fight, Explore, Fight, Fight, Build, Customize. Its wonderful, Terraria but different."
76561198061768956,Not Recommended,211820,9984237,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Cat Plant,When i saw this i was hyped but after 5 months of waiting for the cool features i felt annoyed and sad because this a unique game but the devs decided to make a game that can make them get a quick buck... oh well i geuss a 4/10 is how i would score this update scarce game.
,Recommended,211820,8033387,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Matt (Dimension 47),"Honestly, I haven't got very far in the game but it is Indeed fun, I do recommend this to anyone who can afford this and It may be hard at first too get Materials but as you go along, it gets easier and easier,Good job Developers, this is truely, a Fine game and I hope it continues too Impress me as it goes,~Captain Matt"
,Not Recommended,211820,10951547,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,zygomorphism,"X_Y's highly-rated negative review basically captures what's wrong with this game (as of now, anyway). Once you've seen one planet, you've seen them all (reskinning notwithstanding). This could potentially be fixed by a large influx of new content, but for now, this game feels kind of soulless."
,Recommended,211820,8857803,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Juice,"It will be nice once they stop wiping game files.  This game has potential, but it's a bit frustrating to have to restart everytime an update is released."
,Recommended,211820,29222419,Posted: 13 January,all,Heinz Doofenshmirtz,"amazing soundtrack, thats all i need to say"
76561198074052933,Not Recommended,211820,12651116,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,cbradbeer,I SPENT $15.00 ON THIS GAME. PERSONALLY I THOUGHT THEY WOULD UPDATEMAYBE ONECE... I GUESS NO.  THIS WAS A REAL DOWN GRADE FROM BUNGIES HIT SINGLE... TERRARIA
,Not Recommended,211820,13041545,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,your cool dad,"I bought the game in August, and three months later, there still hasn't been a ""real"" update. Sure, every day the developers work on their nightly build – which is comprised of every single thing they want to add to the game, regardless if it currently works – but it seems that the developer's focus is to add every cool thought that they have to the game as a soon as possible and make it actually work later. The consensus has been that, if you want new content, you have to use the nightly build which they preface as buggy (it doesn't even open for me) and may risk losing all of your saves.Its up to you. Personally, I would rather have the devs focus on a specific idea (i.e. new character, quest, etc.) and make sure it works, instead of them adding everything at once."
,Not Recommended,211820,13073766,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Luxbu | Game Gamut,"I bought this game well over a year and a half ago. While it had potential, it hasn't even moved out of the stage it's in and is nothing more than a knock off of Terraria at this point. Like I said though, it has potential to be a game like Terraria, but completely unique in its own sense. However, the devs ripped me off. I wish I could have my money back."
,Recommended,211820,19552940,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,`Oral | Nagisa,"Fun as heck game, in my opinion gameplay- and graphicswise waaaaay better than Terraria (Though Terraria still beats the game when it comes to items and bosses), it also is more original, in my opinion. It has original ideas, items and it is science-fiction with weirdly medieval races thrown into it, the artstyle is enjoyable and the planets look amazing, and so does the weather system.Sadly, the game's community does seem to die off rather quickly, the last year, mostly due to lack of proper server support, it seems. Also updates have been all over the place, though, they added a lot of content.Overall, it is worth the 20 bucks I spent on it back when to kickstart it, and it is still worth that today. A nice reccomendation for the people who enjoy Terraria and science-fiction!"
76561198237501084,Recommended,211820,32890311,Posted: 27 June,all,Xenafar,"I love the game Starbound and have put in many hours with no regrets, this game is fantastic to play with friends (especially with the cool mods the community has put together for everyone). I would definitely recommend it."
76561197984055650,Recommended,211820,7974243,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ashram,"At the time of this writing, the game is in it's first stage of beta/early access.From the offset, it is hard not to make comparison's to Terraria, seeing as how it IS the spiritual successor to Terraria.  That being said, the game is increadibly good, and surpasses Terraria in many ways.  From the start, if you don't like the planet your on, you can pack up shop and fly on outta there to another planet.  Large, small, mid-size, snow, jungle, moon, it doesn't matter.  The choice is up to you.  Add on top of this, that any planet you find of noteworthiness can have it's coordinates shared with friends (both online and offline), so that adds an extra flare of an exploration feel that simply wasn't available in Terraria without a non-Steam related server.  The game is a 9/10 out the box, and a 10/10 when it's fully completed.  Get it now, in case they raise the price, because it is worth more than the asking amount now."
,Recommended,211820,9278818,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Polygon,10/10 You can be a bird.
,Recommended,211820,8639885,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,EluTran,"I love this game already, and I'm excited to see how the developers are going to continue. I find the lore interesting and it's pretty good, incomparison to some other sandbox games, such as Terraria. I feel the game's beginning to become unique enough to stand on its own, and it'll keep on moving away from what the general populace compares it to (Terraria.) It's already a great game, although with some pacing issues. However, it's still in beta, and I'm absolutely sure it'll be much more polished when it's officially released. It's up to you. If you want to contribute a bunch and help with feedback, definitely get it now. If you want to get the intended experience, wait for it."
76561198059901088,Recommended,211820,8614668,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,adeemin,"Please don't buy this. Just save your money and spend it on your wife, your kid, your girlfriend, your grandma.It's not worth the pain. Just have some common sense to not get into this."
76561198146105648,Recommended,211820,32910402,Posted: 27 June,all,ChocolateWafflesWithWhippedCream,"3 Days, 29 hours of game time.  I even had to work on 2 of the days as well.Starbound has utterly consumed my life in the past couple days,  and will probably continue to do so.10/10 Someone help me."
,Not Recommended,211820,11744651,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Furbodo,"Meh at best. Looking forward to see what will become of it, but I am not getting my hopes up to see anything close to the quality that Terraria is.UPDATE 1.0 Review:Seems all they did was cut content, add a few things and slap the 1.0 sticker on it. Blander than it was already, with less content. Don't bother."
,Not Recommended,211820,24661277,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,37Beers,"I can't say i've enjoyed my time with this game. I've put in a solid 7 hours across 3 play sessions, and I have not been interested one time. The combat is incredibly dull, it could get interesting later, but if it hasn't in 7 hours then that's asking too much. I've wandered across 5 planets with not much interesting to see. I beat that first real easy boss the Eldrich Horror which was just some platforming to avoid really slow energy beams to press 4 buttons and flip a switch so some machine can do damage to it. The one bonus I saw was that there are some really high quality furniture peaces you can collect, like rotating security cameras, or other static pieces like sciency equipment, barbed wire, and chain link fence. This could offer some very interesting base building options.I came into this game after 370 hours in Terraria and was hoping it could give me the same feeling but in a different way. I quickly realized these two games aren't that similar at all, but I cannot say that I think Starbound is an interesting game in it's own way at all.Do your own research, watch videos and see if it's something you'd like. I don't feel like this was a good purchase."
,Not Recommended,211820,12226753,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Old Man Ganksalot,no. just don'tEDIT 1/29/15still no
,Not Recommended,211820,13425106,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Etheriane,I've never seen a game with some much issues concerning netconfig to play .. We tried to forward ports for an hour and it's impossible to log in to play multiplayer !! FIX IT !!!!!
,Not Recommended,211820,13441964,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Thumplex Bumpitron,"The premise had me psyched, the implimentation let me down. ""Now find the things you need to make a bow"". Ok, well, how the hell do I do that? I have one thing in my inventory, you sort of figure out how to collect trees, but plant matter? It doesn't follow any sort of logic. Tooled around trying to figure it out and I could not. Just ended up dying a bunch with no hints. I would like to use more obscenities in my description of this game, but Steam should be family friendly. ♥♥♥♥ I hate this."
,Not Recommended,211820,21244093,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,do not touch borf,Terraria 2 with more biomes and less fun
,Recommended,211820,32900584,Posted: 27 June,all,Spooky Boye,Basicly terraia but more expanded with technology and space
,Recommended,211820,20445366,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,someoneguideme,"Wonderful 2d game. No words, only emotions :0"
76561198062949580,Not Recommended,211820,11361894,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Jrazer98,"A horribly under-developed game that was promised to be finished by fall 2013. The developers even go as far as to blame its customers for the lack of significant updates, while ""censoring"" the negative ideas towards this game."
,Not Recommended,211820,10247504,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Epixtome,"After months and months, there are still uncontrollable lag and framerate issues. Unplayable unless you have the patience of a burning candle."
76561197999775722,Recommended,211820,8795164,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Siberian,"This game has hooked me beyond what I thought was possible! I played a bit of Terraria and liked it but didn't fully get into it. With Starbound, however, I was immersed and craving more after the first 10 minutes, it's a a superb design with gorgeous music. The crafting system is intuitive and easy to use, albeit a bit confussing to start off with initially. Starbound took everything that made Terraria great and made it better!"
76561198041578884,Not Recommended,211820,11773882,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Puff the Magic Adder,"It's honestly hard to recommend Starbound to anyone that doesn't like Minecraft clones, but to be honest, I wouldn't even recommend it to those that even do...or at least, not now.It's essencially a 3D Minecraft a.k.a. like Terraria but not really, but there's substantially less to actually do. Even after a few updates this game is lacking in what people go play those games for; and that's to have a significant goal that doesn't get old. Basically, there's not much to do in Starbound. Planets are randomly generated, so you can travel to them to find materials or treasures. But you can't really make anything besides weapons with them. No furniture or anything like that, which you have to find and steal from other places. There's a lot of weapons to loot, but why bother when every weapon you can craft is 3 times stronger most of the time? Digging deep doesn't reward you with much besides small amounts of money, which you can't even trade or buy decent weapons with. Not a lot of explenation or exploration, average graphics, boring landscapes, boring combat with not a lot of divercity...It's probably best to wait until Starbound has something a lot more to offer. Until then, stick with Terraria."
,Not Recommended,211820,11620718,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Celery Juice,Broken promises and crushed dreams
,Not Recommended,211820,24671439,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Sid,"I really wanted to like this game, I've been looking forward to its release for quite a while. I have played in early beta and soon after they added the Outpost. But I just feel the progression is too slow and too linear. In past versions of the game you could be out exploring the galaxy pretty soon into the game, but now you have to do a lengthy series of mundane quests  involving scanning objects and getting to the end of a tedious handcrafted dungeon.The game is hampered with a boring main quest about Earth being destroyed by a giant space monster. Even if you are a native of another planet, it starts you off as a graduate on an Earth academy, This means you character is not a blank slate but is instead an Earthling most likely. Even if you skip the tutorial you have to sit through a long cutscene once you have reached the outpost where an old lady tells you about the fate of Earth (I don't care about Earth, I'm a beep boop alien robot for the Creator's sake!).The game shows you everything you can craft so far, even if you don't have the materials. This is pretty good, plus mining and exploring the planet is fun, even though the lack of randomly generated monsters does hamper the sense of danger and caution when exploring a planet. However, movement abilities are pretty weak, you get a dash after you give the Outpost tech-guy 10 copper bars, however this dash is barely a metre in distance and has a long cooldown. You can upgrade this dash to an air dash but this is also pretty weak in comparison to other platforming game's movement options.It took me a very long time to repair the FTL, which requires the completion of the linear dungeon I mentioned earlier. I am still gathering resources to be able to breathe on the moon, so I can mine it for FTL fuel to actually use the FTL. This progression is really slow and I don't like being stuck on the starting planet for that long, I have already explored all of its surface and the mine area. To get the best gear you have to complete these scanning quests to populate the Outpost with more NPCs, these scanning quests require traversing the galaxy hoping to find items of that race, you then repeat this for every race and call it the main quest.Overall I can't really recommend it as a game you open up, sit down and explore,craft and mine in. The open end sandbox of the game comes after an extremely long series of quests and you will be stuck on your starting planet for a while, so you better like mountainous green planets because you will have to stay for a while."
,Recommended,211820,33150563,Posted: 2 July,all,｢Dani｣,"SPACE/10 ""SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE""-Space core"
76561197994109452,Not Recommended,211820,12203479,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Ion,Dont buy this game! The Game dont get new Updates since over 6 months. This Game is already dead and will never be finished.
76561198083942406,Not Recommended,211820,13618000,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,skroteman,"no screw this game, my missions are glitched i cant even progress through the game no matter how many time i reinstall the game. this is so stupid gg starbound i hope the devs get their balls cut off."
,Recommended,211820,32879912,Posted: 27 June,all,SteelRaven,Terraria but in space :D
,Recommended,211820,9656208,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Krunnel,"This game is still very new and to be honest one of the best games I have ever played. With awesome things to do you don't get bored at all, There is still a bug here and there but ran very smoothly on my Windows 8 Lenovo Laptop, With features from tekkit, and terraria it is a well crafted game and I would recommend it to any one that wants a great game for a great price, over all I would rate it a 9.2/10 I would rate it so highbecause of well great gameplay , fun ,ect But still there is bugs and a few minor flaws hope you liked my review rate it up !"
,Not Recommended,211820,10002418,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Clay,"People call this an overglorified Terrarria. It is, its not worth the time and honestly it has alot of potential, but the devs really screwed up. The controls are confusing, the first boss is a Penguin in a UFO, that hard to beat unless you have a bunch of good stuff. Mining is impossible since ores are so far and few between. You never know which animals want to be friends or eat you, so getting jumped by fluffy monsters is really misleading. After the first 20 minutes you sit back and wonder ""Why the bloody hell am I playing this, back to CS:GO"""
,Not Recommended,211820,11964581,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,1StpKloser,업데이트 안하냐 시발놈들아
,Recommended,211820,33274924,Posted: 5 July,all,Super Drone - Muse ( ͡° ͜ʖ,"add Steam Cloud, its hard if u own 6 pc without steam cloud."
76561198055625185,Not Recommended,211820,24558042,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Spark The Dragon FDF,"Maybe I'll try it again sometime. A friend recommended this game to me, but for the short time I played, it felt like a slower, clunkier terraria/minecraft clone. Its a very neat idea, but it comes across as bland, and its just not fun.Thats my main issue, I do not have fun with this game, it feels like a grind to do anything."
,Not Recommended,211820,11357725,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,YUH AY,THES GAIM ES LEIK MINCRAF I LEIK MINCRAF CUZ THER IS PEGS ND THER IS TINGS IN DIS GAUM
76561197997672546,Not Recommended,211820,12979951,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Zero,"Because of Starbound, i will no longer support any Early Access Game on steam. This game represents everything that is wrong with indie games development. Broken promises, months of no feedback or update from the developers. You're essentially purchasing an incomplete game that at this point does not seems like it will ever be complete. There's plenty of other completed games deserving of your money on steam, go buy those instead."
76561198049352946,Not Recommended,211820,12582934,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,NeO tha 2rd Subscriber,This game suckzz
76561198067796177,Not Recommended,211820,12587670,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,S_KA_T,Tldr review this is a good game at times bad at others basically terraria in space and they are also fasly advertising 7 charecters there are only 6... 6 doesnt equal 7
76561197977764685,Not Recommended,211820,24513315,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Juffo-Wup is All,"Starbound does a lot of things well, or at least acceptably well.  Unfortunately, it fails in one of the most basic and critical ways, which is providing good controls.To be clear, when I say a lot of things, I don't mean everything but the controls.  There's a lot of other problems with this game - the very shallow pool that the procedural generation draws upon, the grind and repetition, and the fact that the game tries to both be a survival/building game and a classic platformer and fails to be really good at either."
,Not Recommended,211820,17427792,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Katapugon,Skip it.It's stuck in alpha forever.protip: it doesn't take 9 months to move to a new office you lazy ♥♥♥♥s.
,Not Recommended,211820,24466751,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Holo The Bad Wolf,"Just buy Terraria its cheaper and has far more content and wasn't a slimy ripoff for 3 years. I bought this ages ago and was promised it would be finished in 2013, I log into steam and see that it is finally being released 3 years late and that should tell you something about the game."
,Not Recommended,211820,24560548,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Heartland,"This game has been a bonsai tree.It started out very unrefined with great potential, and throughout Early Access it was pruned. There were moments in EA where it was beautiful. But no, it needed more pruning they said. Snip snip snip! Sorry, did you like that feature? Whoops.This happens alot with Early Access games. Why do I not recommend this game? I don't think you should pay $15 for a twig. That's what it is now. It's straight and narrow, just like progress through this game. The sandbox features are the dirt this twig is shoved into. What a shame that it came to this, but too much pruning for too long has led to this.P.S. Personal rant: Most of the developers were agreeable, but the few that were hostile to criticism totally soured the whole process. I hope that those individuals will learn to accept criticism in the future, otherwise they are doomed to alienate people with good ideas and constructive feedback."
,Not Recommended,211820,12996506,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Anti-Mage,This game isn't good now and it probably never will be. Go play terraria instead.
76561198048170421,Not Recommended,211820,13041875,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Mr.MojoRising,"As much as i would love to like it, its just no fun, though i loved terraria."
76561198028701423,Not Recommended,211820,20171542,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Berozz,This game should serve as a reminder to NOT buy Early Access games. I will take another look at this game upon its release and see if it deserves a recommendation then.
,Recommended,211820,8643027,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,[L|G] ™ SHADY,"Very cool game , Will only get better."
,Recommended,211820,32893375,Posted: 27 June,all,TcSenpai™☪,"It's a good game. I enjoyed it rather well. 10/10""Is that good enough? Can I get those Summer Stickers now?""*sigh* ""Fine, here you go."""
,Not Recommended,211820,25791421,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,TSx* Naxer,"So... I've played this game before it was fully realeased. It was... alright, to say the least. Now it is... alright yet again, just a bit better.The thing that made me buy it was space, and the fact it has exploration and sandbox features. I always wanted to have a sandbox game where I can do whatever the hell I want in the infinite universe, and Starbound is that game.""Then why do you give this game a negative review?"" You might ask.Let me first tell you what's great about this game:1. You have your own spaceship where you can travel wherever you want;2. There is some nice variety in planets, monsters, biomes, weapons etc.;3. There's the story, which isn't really deep or complex in quests, but it's good IMO;4. Each race has history and culture... except for Novakids but that's because they don't care about history;5. There is a lot of stuff to upgrade, collect, buy etc.;6. You can play on instruments and form a band;7. A lot of other things I don't remember...Now with the issue that just makes me get bored in this game really quickly:...I honestly don't know. I just don't want to build anything. Just a thought of it demotivates me from playing, so does collecting stuff because I know that stuff like fish or cooking collections will just end up being a chore.I didn't even get myself to decorate my ship. All I did was to upgrade it to maximum size and then just left it half empty...I keep trying to guess what deters me from building in this game. Maybe the game is too small? Maybe there are too much furniture to pick from? I don't know... And I have the similar issue with Terraria, though there I also have issue with how it is unfriendly towards newbies (more on that in my Terraria review).Now, it was a hard choice between recommending the game or not. My personal experience is just slightly more towards no, but that's just me.If you had similar issues in Terraria, then you will only have fun doing main quests, you'll get bored after that. If you play Terraria a lot though then by all means buy it, you won't regret it.Now for those non-Terraria players. If you like space and exploration, then I guess you'll like this game. If you are also creative and like building, then you should give it a try."
,Not Recommended,211820,11344787,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,loll_loll,"Written in 2014I'd say this game, Starbound, is a good one. It brought me tons of fun in the first 20/30 hours. But soon I got to the very end of the game, tbh I was quite disappointed. Given that this game's still in early access, this seems not to be a problem. The problem is, ages have passed since its last update. It's been quite a long time for an EA-state game without a single update in several months. Therefore, I do not recommend it. It is fun to play but not the one I thought it would be.Edited in 2016I used to love Terraria so much, so I thought I'd love Starbound too, cuz imo, this game should be a big advance. But it failed me and it will do it again when released. Its idea's still fascinating, but we've already waited too long hoping it can finally turn out to be the game we desire. It failed us and Starbound atm is like nothing but a combination of pieces o' crap.TL;DRScrew you devs! I'm out."
76561198005465634,Not Recommended,211820,12681959,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,SCARP,"I have been waiting too long for this game and it never got the update that it deserves,i bought it at the first day and its still the same"
,Not Recommended,211820,13027545,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,konichiwa,WARNING: DO NOT BUYIt's a literal Terraria clone with only one addition gimmick that doesn't even provide any significance in the game. The devs also do not seem to care about the fact that it's been 2 years sicne they said they would finish it. Question about this gets you BANNED from their official forums and they CANNOT handle ANY kind of criticism that takes them out of their stupid little hugbox of a developer team.I cannot STRONGLY enough recommend against purchasing this atrocious piece of shovelware.
76561198040969163,Recommended,211820,8035987,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Antares,"I will start off by saying that I never played Terrarria before, so my closest experience was Minecraft. I was overexcited when I started the game and begun building my first shack, then I decided to explore my new homeplanet (as apparantly Earth got destroyed). First, I have encountered an well-guarded prison with extreme level of detail, which I decided to clean up. I walked further and found some ancient ruins, which led to my first gold ingot. As I went further I got more and more excited... and then I walked into my home from the other side - end of the planet.From my personal point of view, planets are very different and each flora and fauna is unique (though frankly, every planet is habitable). Any Star Trek admirer will appreciate some visual similarities to the worlds from the original series. However, each planet falls a bit short. In my opinion, it would be great to have at least a few ""special places"" on each planet. Equally, until I have crafted a Platinum pickaxe, I was ocassionally getting a bit bored while mining the more or less ""advanced"" resources.I guess one of the best parts of this game is that you can actually travel to other planets on your spaceship and you can do it with your friend through multi-player :) Many people complain about absence of LAN, but according to several sources, the game developers are working on introduction of local network cooperation.Enjoyable and it gets extremelly addictive once you find out how to travel to other planets and constillations! Happy hunting! :)"
,Not Recommended,211820,20751847,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Flippo,"This game is still in beta, and I mean, the concept is really cool (planets, a cool spaceship, chose your ""species"",...) but the fact that this game only has 4 bosses bugs me a bit. This game just lacks content, I recommend buying other open worlds such as Terraria, but for the moment do not bother paying for this game, wait for it to be finished and I'm sure this game will be the bomb"
,Recommended,211820,24600875,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Sgt. Kuro,"I have no idea what it was like before ver. 1.0But i can tell you this, it's fun and it can take hours of hours of your time since you can get lost in some kind of cave or what not.I intially bought this game to pass time while waiting for No Man's Sky but i kinda enjoy this game much more than i expected.It's like a mix of minecraft and terraria, whether you like it or notSo, of course, i recommend this to anyone who loves exploration/sandbox games.9/10 - 9 cause no controller support."
76561198037832621,Not Recommended,211820,24532547,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Doctor Frohman,"Gonna copy what a guy already said online because goddamn he made every point correctly.The game started out with an intresting premise. Multiple differenct races each of them explore space for its own reason with its own goals, it's own allied and enemy races, its own tech and it's own special abilities, exploring to find the reason why they left their planet in the first place.Sounds intresting no?Well, what we got now is everyone is happy, everyone is united, no conflict, part of a united federation type deal, all races are the exact same with the only differences being cosmetic and plot devolved to ""Cthulu is coming to kill us because he hates all life, we must unite (despite being already united) and kill him!""Since beta from more than half the special abilities or techs (like nullifying gravity, flying, teleporting, FTL dashing, mechs ect) in the game got gutted for no reason at all, the game went back to use a terrible ""Damage on contact"" combat system.Also, in the 4 years that it has been out the devs never gave a ♥♥♥♥ to properly optimize it so it'll run at more than 10 frames per second on gaming PCs."
76561198096094950,Not Recommended,211820,12406939,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,The Masked Man,"i had high hopes for this, as well as many others im sure, but after waiting about a year for an update, i have given up on it, still in beta...not in a good way, no constant updates/fixes, many crashes, not enough content, do not buy this, even on sale... go play Terraria or Edge Of Space"
,Not Recommended,211820,10497318,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Fistula,"Imagine terraria, but it sucks."
76561198163828357,Not Recommended,211820,18007449,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Air,"I chose no because there is alot of gameplay until they say hey now you can explore the universe! It was fun and creative but there needed to be more of something, maybe boses stuff like that other then the quests to upgrade your ship. it wouldve been a yes seeing that terraria is cheaper and more fun then i soon realised that damn i chose the wrong game. so if you want to get a game and you are set saying i want starbond like me then you are better off getting terraria or some other game that doesnt follow the same genera. P.S. if i didnt state enough there isnt alot to do after quests and when i said bosses i meant ones you encounter or summon."
,Not Recommended,211820,17292588,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,cheatfreak47,"Starbound, Starbound, Starbound...Read the full reviewhere.Fair warning people- it's a long one."
76561198043875652,Not Recommended,211820,25488524,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tony Nowak,"This isn't a negative review where i don't like the game, more leaning in the direction of I don't like where the game went. before there was this emphasis on exploration, but a strange vagueness to it all that could be cleared up if you decided to pursue it without the game telling you you have too. Since 1.0, a half baked story starts you off holding your hand instead of just plopping you on a broken spaceship stranded above a planet (a scary scenario, and the game made you ask a lot of questions). And since 1.0, I can't even play the game, the performnce dropped so bad I was shocked, I wonder what happened..."
,Recommended,211820,16527708,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,JanickGers0,"Sometimes it's a problem to be a massive fan of a game like Terraria, the 2D RPG-Platformer-Building masterpiece. I say this because the hunger for more similar games that meet the expectations often leaves me disappointed. There are so many Terraria clones out there that, plainly, suck balls. So when Starbound came along and it seemed to not suck like most clones, I really wanted to try it out.Turns out that this clone does not suck, at all. It's difficult to innovate in this genre, because there is not a lot more to add to what Terraria has done. Starbound takes this to a new level: there are virtually infinite worlds to explore, as opposed to the one in Terraria. Granted, these are smaller, but the variety in them makes it incredibly satisfying to fly from one planet to another and find a completely different place, with different enemies and different loot to find.The RPG aspect of Starbound is also top-notch. You can choose what race you want to be from a wide pallet and based on that the quest system and the upgrades for your equipment will be different. So yes, you have to play the game from scratch several times to enjoy all the content it has. And keep in mind that this version is still early access. It only gets better from here on.I have to address also the fact that this game has been in early access for almost two years now. The developers are taking it slow, perhaps too slow. Take that into account when buying this game: the released product may be very different from what you will get now. But in the mean time, you can enjoy a game that takes Terraria and expands it to a whole universe. It's the same, but different at the same time. If you love Terraria, you will love Starbound. Maybe not as much, but it sure is enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,211820,24515199,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,mkl,"I'm currently replaying it and that's what I have to say for now: FOUR YEARS and this game feels emptier than before, somehow. Content lacking and poorly optimized release, nothing like Tiy promised. This game may look complex at first, but it is shallow and empty.I mean, this game is great if you wanna roleplay or something, because there's no real objective besides the main story as far as I know, everything you do after that is personal gratification."
76561198086428913,Not Recommended,211820,13534691,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Mindhorn,This game is a complete waste of time and money.Play terraria.
,Not Recommended,211820,12907183,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Anicetus (SH),It's been in Early access for years. No updates. Not worth $15.
76561198014795308,Not Recommended,211820,12732220,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LovelyStuff,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198338179136,Not Recommended,211820,29168098,Posted: 10 January,all,Marmite?,"I honestly love these types of games. 2d, sandbox, with a story. In fact, the story is why I bought this game. Which is why I have a refund pending. One word. Bosses. The bosses in Starbound are incredible, but are only fight able through the mission portal. The mission portal doesn't work for me. And I'm not the only one! On top of that, the newest update makes me not able to start the game sometimes, and I can't get five minutes of playing in without it breaking. I like this game, I really do! I just can't recommend this to anyone until these issues get fixed."
,Not Recommended,211820,10049204,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,jmomo,"EDIT: 1.0 released. The care is long gone--Starbound is an unfinished game, and there is no grantee that it will ever be finished. Even if it is ever finished and reaches a 1.0 status release, I don't think it will ever be the game it was hyped up to be.While the game in the current state is playable and initially showed strong potential, development progress has come to a near standstill, and there are significant problems in the existing product. You might get 20 hours of play time from Starbound, but it doesn't have much replay value.Since the game was published as Early Access in 2013, there has been very little progress in game development, programmer (Bartwe) and artist (Rhopunzel) have left the company, and there have been a number of serious incidents which call into question the honesty and moral integrity of Tiy and his company. In mid-2014 there was a nine-month period with no updates at all. 2015 has been fairly similar.The amount of progress which has been achieved over the years is damningly small. This is a company that took in millions of US dollars in pre-orders and has at least a dozen staff members. What are they doing all day?Chucklefish has a blog where they show off development progress, but it's mostly PR and photoshop mockups. They hope to convince players that progress is really happening and that some day, the magical update of their hopes and dreams will arrive.There have been incidents in the past where they would publish updates which had wiped characters and destroyed items, ala the Feb 19th 2014 ""chest apocalypse"".The events including the repeatedly broken delivery date promises, Bartwe and Rhopunzel's departure, Omni's mass-banning incident, other censorship and community dishonesty issues, the nine months with no updates to the game, and other toxic community drama should scare any reasonable person away from this title.I've gone from hope to pessimism to just moving on and leaving it behind. Starbound will almost certainly never be the game I had hoped it would be."
76561198202390846,Not Recommended,211820,25913741,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,WeebName.exe,"It just makes me sad to see a game with a really bright future be destroyed.Sure there were a few problems here and there but, it was still in early access.I loved it even after I killed all the bosses in game and my friends and me(I started on a friends server)still have not explored all the planets and only one of them had a hover car.I really enjoyed the game I was extremely happy with the game when it was is EA I was so exicted about the final realease but,I found out half of the stuff was tooken out sure there where mods but barely helped.My main problem with the final realease it took away armour diffrence and racial perks and debuffs such as the glitch having armour with the most defense and how they where slowed by water.Overall just disapointed."
76561198151985791,Not Recommended,211820,24615227,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shun The Witch,"The game released with more content cut than what it actually shipped with, half the time doesnt work when starting up for many people still and many people are going though character corruption like crazy. either wait a few months and watch it closely, grab it on a sale when its maybe 5 dollars at best. or just simply dont get it. repetitive play that makes even a lot of people who enjoyed the game before leave, racial differences are bassically null and void unless its a modded race. get terraria instead honestly atleast you can get an actually complete game and a ton more value."
,Not Recommended,211820,11249380,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,a calamari?,"LMFAO.I ♥♥♥♥ing love how butthurt You Shitbound fanboys are. Like, wow, LOL, You guys are ♥♥♥♥ing cancer.But guess what ? You mean nothing. Nothing.♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, been in early access for two ♥♥♥♥ing years.This is the next big scam after Cube World.Edit: IT'S BEEN IN EARLY ACCESS FOR FOUR YEARS WOOHOOWE'LL GET 1.0 IN 2020 WOOHOO"
,Not Recommended,211820,18422464,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Kreegath,"Starbound is one of many Terraria clones out there, with a lot of ideas going for it, but lacking the content and polish to fully realize them. This game has been under development for years at this point, and with an initial release date set at ""late 2013"" I personally don't think it's ever going to leave its ""early access"". When initially pitched, I'm sure it had lots of innovative ideas and solutions that Terraria lacked, but as the years passed it by, it's gotten left behind by the very game it's based on.What Terraria has that Starbound lacks is firstly consistent theme, a reason to progress, a natural progression of gameplay, a difficulty curve, story and motivation for constructing things. These are all core pillars of the genre, and why I don't recommend you pick up Starbound for anything but a 75% off deal.The game is very much unfinished. There's nothing storywise connected to the gameplay, so you just gather what you absolutely need to get to the next set of armour and crafting tables, ignoring 99% of everything on the planet. When you reach the quest hub, game content takes a complete nosedive as it devolves into fetching seemingly random items for NPC's. If you divide the game between starship upgrade levels, you might conceivably spend five to ten hours on the first upgrade level, then maybe two hours on the second, then you'll spit out the rest in under an hour, easily. That is, playing the game for the first time, without knowing what to do, without reading ahead in any wiki or forum, without playing/talking with someone who's played the game beforehand.""But wait, that's a lot of hours, still"" you might say. Consider what those hours entail. Not constructing anything, not fighting epic battles, not exploring vast underground caverns to uncover mystical artifacts. It's digging a hole to find the next level mineral. It's planet jumping to run around on the surface in search of the correct medieval village of bird people to get a certain placeable. It's all the busywork with none of the satisfaction.There's just nothing holding you to any one world, and since you constantly need materials from other worlds you end up jumping solar systems, never getting the feeling of belonging anywhere. Since you never stay in any one place, you never get to build up a base, which nullifies the vast majority of all items you *could* build and place, except for the space you've got on your starship, which works as your main hub for storage, crafting and traveling. Also, since your ship is personal, you can't show it off to people unless they're invited to your party and specifically go there, so you can't land your ship on a planet and have it work as a base of operations for your entire team, nothing like that.The difficulty curve of the game is a complete flatline. You never need to worry about enemies, the only thing to look out for is falling damage and lava pits. There's a lot of monsters, but in reality there's like four or five different kinds but with tons of reskins, all of which are fought in the exact same manner of hitting/shooting while walking backwards. There are challenge rooms, but they're not in any way connected to the stated difficulty of a planet, they're just randomly chosen from a fixed set, all made so a character starting from scratch could finish it. These challenge rooms also don't contain loot bound to the stated difficulty of the planet, so you will enter a challenge on a ""difficult"" world, breeze through it with the character implants you've acquired, then get 6 bandages, 40 pixels and a useless, common weapon. After realizing this, I stopped doing challenges entirely.Bosses are another problem, where they're not in any way connected to the actual game itself. You literally start a scenario where the boss is located, fight it and teleport out. The difficulty curve is way out of whack, where me and a friend died to one of the early bosses multiple times but breezed through the last couple, some we killed before even realizing *they were the actual boss of that map*.There's a huge problem with the tone of the game, where the majority of doodads, just atmospheric stuff like equipment, placeable objects and interior/exterior are not science fiction-themed. It's chiefly a medieval-themed game, like Terraria, and that's a BIG missed opportunity to set itself apart and draw inspiration from. The robot race is themed after Arthurian knights and squires, the aquatics are themed after feudal Japan. The bird people seem to be themed after the Maya civilization. The humans are based on modern times, which I guess is better than nothing, but having the apes as the only race that are future-based is so disappointing in a science fiction game.Starbound also completely lacks a story to cling on to. I read on one of the wikis that the story is ""you're escaping from your planet being blown up"". That's never addressed in the game itself. The story could almost literally be anything, as it's got zero impact on the gameplay. In Terraria, atleast, you progressively fight and build your way to a boss, prepare for it, fight it and then react to the changing world around you. Bosses were integrated in the game itself, ""go to this area to find this boss"", ""gather these materials, go here and summon this boss"", ""talk to this guy in this location"". That's a story being created around you as you play. In Starbound you dig, gather some resources and move on to the next planet. *That's* the story.In conclusion, Starbound lacks the motivations for building stuff, the cornerstone of the genre. It lacks interesting fighting mechanics, another genre cornerstone. It's a sci-fi game, but almost everything in it is fantasy. It's atleast three years in the making and it's not nearly finished, dropping heavily and progressively in content after the first chapter, ending abruptly with nothing concluding what-so-ever. It's ""early access"", but it's been sold both on Steam and in preorders for years now, the developers have started multiple other game projects, and it's had an initial release date of late 2013. I believe it's never going to be officially ""released"". It's been released, and this released product is unfinished, with the finished parts unpolished and dated.If you haven't played Terraria, buy that game instead. If you have, then *only* get Starbound if it's on sale, like 75% off.Release addition: After playing through the game again with the 1.0 version, the arbitrary patch that Chucklefish decided to call the release version, I still cannot recommend the game. There are some things that have been improved, like the boss scenarios that have been given some insular story and platforming. Also on the positive side is that the main quest line now has a real ending, with an end boss to fight. However, the boss itself is a big disappointment, as is the ending.The release patch also brings on a couple of problems. In this version, I had much bigger problems getting a dedicated server going for myself and my friends, much more so than when we originally played Starbound. Also, the game lags. Badly. It's a new problem, slowing the game to a crawl as soon as you get colonists walking about one of your builds. It's very frustrating and should not happen, did not happen in previous versions.In conclusion, I'd say the 1.0 patch is an improvement overall, but the performance issues in colonies, camps, bases and dungeons drags down the enjoyment. My original recommendation stands, pick it up only if you're a fan of the genre and it's 75% off."
76561198080248411,Recommended,211820,8850873,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,"poison ""poison"" moth","This has a HUGE world, with so much exploration. There are so many planets, so many monsters, so much decoration, so much stuff! You should get it if you like sandbox games."
76561198141402327,Not Recommended,211820,13099220,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,ScootyPuff_Sr,"So i seen that a few updates have been dropping lately, so i fired the game up to have another try. See what they are up to. New game begining and a new race... nothing special about any of that... just filler junk. So i play on trying to ""fix my ship"" which i think is much worse than the old turtoral. But i play on. same exact game play. Few new crafting items, but once again nothing actually new or exciting. Finally get enough resources to get a pick axe and really start exploring... NOPE they break in just a few swings and i cant seem to  find a way to repair them like you use to. Thats really dumb. REALLY dumb. What a waste of time still."
76561198059142802,Not Recommended,211820,24509896,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Muzak,"Pros-Extremely beautiful pixel art with cute characters and breathtaking environments.-Extremely beautiful music.-Good building mechanics.Cons-Huge lack of content.-Uninteresting and unoriginal Plot.-Shallow.-Empty.-Boring and extremely repetitive randomly generated fetch quests (take this A item to this B dude and return to me)-Not sure why people say it's a sandbox, if you consider gta v or elite dangerous a sandbox, then yes, it may be a sandbox for you.-Few survival elements that end up just being a annoyance. (cold and heat management have been cut off from the game.-Souless characters without personality.-Every race feels the same. No racial weapons, no racial food, same story. Only tiered racial gear without any special bonuses, just cosmetic.-Few uninteresting weapons and abilities, all randomly generated. Don't expect a Terraria here.-There are few biomes for each planet, which end up looking the same.-Eventually you'll find some kind of shockingly easy and BORING ''labyrinth puzzle platformer'' dungeons that add nothing to the game.-Slippery movement that doesn't make platformer mechanics better.-You can see all that the game has to offer after an hour of playtime.-Everything in this game seems like a placeholder. It doesn't feel ''finished''.-Boring boss fight mechanics, some are incredibly easy, other ones just annoying.-Novakid race, at the moment, has zero background lore.-Too many items that are just cosmetic or/and funny.-Every village you find looks exactly the same. (villages have different themes for each of the seven races.-Not very smart AI behaviour-Grind, grind, grind, die, grind.-Vendor npc and shops can be quite useless.-Shallow colony system.In general terms, it's great on the artistic side, but it's not a good game in my opinion, still amazed at all those positive reviews."
,Not Recommended,211820,24818670,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,piratesbooty,"So.  I put in 25 hours total in early access and now 1.0 (most of that time being in 1.0).  It's fun though inventory system is a mess.  But the reason I can't recommend it is because of game breaking bugs.  I had several flags in several systems (checkpoints to teleport to) including my home base planet, the ark (the npc and story zone), and much more.  Loaded up the game today, all gone.  Can't get em back.  Can't progress through the story.  Can't find/easily get back to my home base system.  Just kind of screwed.  Cool.Bottom Line:  Still seems in Early Access.  Game breaking bugs.  Don't buy til fixed."
,Recommended,211820,28681119,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Roxas,if you like taming monsters this game is for youif you like adventuring this game is for youif you like campaign this game if for youif you like grinding this game if for youif you like city building this game is for youif you like farming this game is for youif you like 2D pixel games such as terraria this game is for you10/10 would recommend this game! <3
,Recommended,211820,7974321,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,RussLowm,THE BEST
76561197997045189,Recommended,211820,8081544,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Karcist,"This game is incredible.  Even as an early Beta this game is more complete than the last 3 Creative Assembly releases (Rome 2, Shogun 2, and Empire).  Regardless, if you aren't willing to deal with occasional glitches, some currently unbalanced aspects, or missing object descriptions, coupled with the fact that there will be character wipes before the game is released as a finished product, then you may want to wait to play.  So far I have logged almost 80 hours in this game and I have barely scratched (pretty good for a $15 investment) the surface.  The prospect of losing that progress doesn't even bother me because the purpose of the game is to explore, constantly finding new content.  If you get tired of the scenery on one planet, start digging, when you get tired of that, fly to the next planet in the system, and if that gets old, there are currently 4 ""finished"" sectors and one that encompases everything that will ultimately be in the game by the end.  Looking forward to the final release of this product."
,Not Recommended,211820,24506540,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Sunderstorm,"I have a 980ti/4790k/16gb ddr3/144hz monitor and this game drops to 10-15 fps, basically rendering the game unplayable through some core sequences. Framerate is also capped at 60fps even if you turn off vsync. Basically if you find frames per second important then stay away from this game."
,Recommended,211820,14347218,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,therontheron,"Starbound was an amazingly fun experience, capturing the freedom of Terraria while giving you the vast expense of the universe to explore. Infinite replay value, would definitely play again."
,Recommended,211820,8990660,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Proud Blackman,"REMOVE AVIAN remove avianREMOVE AVIAN remove avianyou are worst bird. you are the bird idiot you are the bird smell. return to alpha sector. to our hairless cousins you may come our contry. you may live in the zoo….ahahahaha ,avians we will never forgeve you. space rascal ♥♥♥♥ but ♥♥♥♥ astro bird stink avian sqhipere shqipare..avian genocide best day of my life. take a bath of dead avian..ahahahahahAVIANS WE WILL GET YOU!! do not forget avian-apex war .avians we kill the king , avians return to your precious alpha sector….hahahahaha idiot bird and flying smell so bad..wow i can smell it. REMOVE AVIAN FROM THE PREMISES. you will get caught. apex+human+floran+hylotl=kill avian…you will war/ president big ape alive in miniknog, president making album of banana. fast thought president apex. we are rich and have gold now hahahaha ha because of president… you are ppoor stink bird… you live in a nest hahahaha, you live in a nestpresident big ape alive numbr one #1 in miniknog ….♥♥♥♥ the avians ,..♥♥♥♥ space birds no good i spit in the beaks face of ur flag and contry. president big ape aliv and real strong wizard kill all the bird farm aminal with space magic now we the avian rule .apex of the zoo presidant apex ♥♥♥♥ the great xenu and lay egg this egg hatch and avian wa;s born. stupid baby form the eggn give bak our coal we will crush u lik a skull of baby. apex greattst monkey"
,Recommended,211820,8635171,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Lamp,"Clearly Starbound owes a lot to Terraria, and it's probably safe to say if you like one you will like the other. Even in the beta stage, however, Starbound has a huge amount of content to recommend it, and so far it seems to have more replayablity value than Terraria did for me. The interesting differences between the infinite number of planets you can visit in Starbound have kept me coming back for more, and I’m excited to see what this game becomes when it gets out of beta."
,Recommended,211820,9143873,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Radfa,"This isnt just Space terraria it's a whole new world out there for you to explore and/or concour, raid, colonize, trade with ect. This truly is a beutiful indie game and did I metion the music?"
,Recommended,211820,12283076,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,plankton,"Turkish:Starbound'un geliştirilmesi neredeyse 2 seneyi buldu ve oyun hala beta sürüm devam ediyor. Burada büyük bir yanlış var. Bu sürede içerisinde ekibini genişletebilirdi ve daha bitiremedikleri oyun yerine yenisini duyurdular. Hatta aylardır da doğru düzgün bir güncelleme gelmedi. Birde bunun üstüne  9 yıllık gelişim bütçesi topladığını duyurdu Finn Brace. Kimse kusura bakmasın ama bu tarz erken erişimler büyük firmaların tatmin olmasından başka birşey değil.-Fakat bu işinde zorlukları yok değil. Özellikle aynı çalışanlar ile devam etmek çok önemli. Bu mesele hem bütçeyi hemde projenin dengesini kesinlikle bozar.English:Starbound is developing almost 2 years and beta version of the game still continues. There is just a huge mistake. During that time, they could expand they team, thereupon Fill Brace announced new game instead of starbound whose fans waiting for responses from the producer or programmers, whatever. Even for month they didn’t update thoroughly. After that, they announced the good news for themselves that is “Chucklefish could fund the development of Starbound for another 9 years at least.”.It's easy to criticize but i know that that is more complicated than we know. (work with the same staff; maintain a certain budget; if hire, the challenges of new employees taken, and so on..)"
76561198046612873,Recommended,211820,9041886,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Michael Rosen,"This game is simply amazing. This sandbox game has attempted to go over an obstacle that most sandbox games suffer from, the feeling that you have nothing left to do. And let me just say, the developers have done this beautifully, instead leaving you thinking of what to do next. The best thing about this game is that the developers are willing to listen to suggestions from the community, something as a game developer you need to take advantage of.  If you enjoy games like Minecraft and Terraria, you NEED to check out this game."
,Recommended,211820,8990543,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Polkka,The real No Man's Sky we were promised to have.
,Recommended,211820,8073678,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Kem,"Absolutely brilliant, tons of RP oppurtunities, Exploration is beautiful and balanced so far, Survival is complex but not hard enough so that a bigot couldn't understand what is going on. Wonderful progression that doesn't feel rushed or slowed, but rewarding and properly paced. Plus you get to play songs with your friends. So yeah, buy this game before they have enough sense to ramp up the price."
76561198045849079,Recommended,211820,8755886,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Cookie_Crusader,"Get it!Starbound is such a good, fun, exiting game and is definitely worth every penny. Starbound is like terraria but in space and soooooo much better as you can have a home planet and a home on your spaceship. You can craft, mine, fight(monsters minibosses and bosses), build and much more. There are many different planets to explore collect resources and make homes with beds, chests, windows, lamps, pictures and lots more. Overall a definite 10/10 and must buy.If this review has helped then give it a thumbs up so other people can see!"
,Recommended,211820,8958268,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Xocezert ☑,Awesome. Just Awesome.What are you waiting for? Get it!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H5b2ybvOPHE
76561198073261011,Recommended,211820,8174402,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mattics,"This game is really fun. You may think ""Oh well thats basically Terraria"". well trust me, its not. The only reason it would be similar to terraria is the fact you can build, mine and fight monsters. I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,211820,29591911,Posted: 30 January,all,jens,pretty good
76561198329746603,Recommended,211820,29191572,Posted: 11 January,all,Bumbled Mumbled,"I've racked up over 50 hours in the past two weeks. Not something I want to brag about, but for the game, I feel that is a large selling point. After all my time committed, I am just now beginning several gigantic projects as I planet-hop to spelunk and raze planets. Just to finish my three biggest active ideas, I am anticipating a good 75 hours before they are complete. I haven't even completed half of the actual storyline, as well. The game becomes what you want it to be, and I love that. If I get bored of building, I can return to combat. After that, it becomes an online RPG. Then, a questing game. After that, perhaps back to building! Worth every minute."
,Not Recommended,211820,25816834,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,s_,"The new update made space travel even more tedious, since you can no longer select a planet and automatically go to it and be in it's orbit. You have to go back and fourth, select the system and travel there (wait a few moments) then you gotta select the planet and travel there (wait a few moments) and then get in its orbit which again, takes another few moments. Its annoying.Not to mention how easy it is to get a noob-friendly Mech right at the very start of the game for free.The game isnt fun anymore, I'm not having this feeling where it pulls me in and keeps me interested. You're constantly moving from planet to planet so there's no way you can make a permanent settlement on a single planet and develop an expansive colony. Everything takes time to obtain, so I just gave up and downloaded the item spawner mod from the workshop.The sound design is relatively weak. They all hang around the mid-high frequencies with barely and low frequencies to emphasise impact. Every swipe of a sword feels like Im swinging a soft pillow. The combat feels weak and clunky in general.I think there should be an update where we can return to our solar system and explore the planets we're all familiar with. Imagine swimming through Titan's methane lakes with Jupiter looming in the background. Imagine returning to a decayed and ruined earth, but with the ability to restore it somehow, just to how it was in the tutorial level.This game just felt like No Man's Sky. Fun for the first few hours and then it just.. fades away"
,Recommended,211820,15638390,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tr4nzNRG,"A very nice ""Terraria"" clone that with some extra twists to it. Developement isn't really fast but the game is slowly getting into shape."
,Recommended,211820,8084060,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Nuptup,"It's like FTL met Terraria at some point and had a childBut this time, you can explore different and countless worlds in a greatly, revised random generating world engine that encourages you to explore ever last detail, every nook and cranny, and every chest. Truly a fresh gaming experience to have fun with friends and progress your character alongside the story, and from this point onwards, the game can only get better. I can't really wait for this game to become a phenomenon like terraria, dayz & minecraft."
76561198042545107,Not Recommended,211820,24647391,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,AcidicHalloweenie,"Before I get on with this, I think this game is great gameplay wise. Fun with friends but also solo. That said, here is my reason for why you shouldn't buy it.The crashes. The bugs. This game has been in early access since 2013 and just ""Released"" a few days ago. It still has the same major bugs it did long ago. There are so many crashes that I wonder if the devs even cared. You can also lose data after a few crashes, but I also happened to lose data just by exiting the game. No crash or anything, I just exited and on my return, all my teleporter data was gone. If a game requires you to make a backup constantly just to play it normally for more than a day, that game has some serious issues to look at. Especially if these issues have been around since it's early beta period.Final word: If you can handle crashes and backups regularly, go ahead and buy this. If you don't have the patience for that kind of thing, wait till the devs fix it (I doubt this will happen though), or go buy Terraria.[Edit June 18th 2017] They still haven't fixed half the bugs that have existed, so I'm sticking with this."
76561198060851635,Not Recommended,211820,24752329,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,JrBrig,"I thought the game was fully released? Have they just decided to keep the practice of wiping characters in the full game too? After the full game release update my brother and I decided to play together. Over the course of a few days everything was normal. We took a short break on account of me working and when I boot up my starbound today my character is gone. Game is fun and all but i'm pretty upset about this and find myself demotivated and I don't want to deal with this outside of beta. It is worth noting however, whatever kind of bug this is did not affect my brother."
,Recommended,211820,20589474,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,PickPig,"3rd most played game on steam, and had it before the full release came out.There is so much replayability in this game. Pick a different race after you've done your first playthrough and change your playstyle. There are loads of ways to play, for example you can gear up first and then do a giant boss rush at the end of the game, steadily go through the story so each battle is tough, or completely ignore the story to build and farm, doing quests for your villagers. Probably the most diverse sandbox/exploring game I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,211820,10203276,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Cupcake Confectiomancer,"DO NOT shell out for this until it's in a later, later, later stage of development (For an estimation, I'd say about two years in the least).At first there's plenty to do (or rather the illusion of such,) with the various materials and planets you can pillage, working towards advancing on the gear scale. However, once you've hit the loot roof, that's it - there's nothing else to do. Building becomes tiresome, and the combat is non-existent. Tackling old bosses has no reward factor. Visiting old tier planets introduces you to a set of cut and paste biomes, with each planet likely having some pre-generated buildings or village. Yes, I realise this is not a handcrafted universe but a generated one - and it shows. None of the planets have any special nuances, and the layouts for things like glitch castles and avian villages don't seem to differ at all. I'd rather eat a small cake that's well prepared than stuff countless, hastily baked cupcakes into my face.Things do not improve with online play - you are just introducing the same, boring lack of gameplay onto a multi-person stage. The game simply doesn't have the functionality of Minecraft or the soul of Terraria to make it worth coming back to in its present state (and likely for a long, long, long time to come).Most of the roleplay communities I've visited over the course of my Starbound travels are simply awful, infested with 'demons', early teenagers who too busy roleplaying 'oh we are suddenly in love', or just erotic roleplay. Else, there's simply people making use of the game as a chatroom, imprinting modern day culture on what should be an alien, exotic environment. Granted, this isn't one of the problems I can blame on Chucklefish - independent servers and their populations are out of Chucklefish's control. Regardless, my encounters with those communities have been less than fulfilling, making the prospect of using Starbound as a roleplaying platform grim.Ultimately, this game at present is just a set of bones which doesn't need anybody else's money being pumped into it. The 12 million Chucklefish already has should be enough to fund their work, but evidently the mistake of giving them dosh before the game's release has fostered a group of indolent, whinging babies, who think they do not need to live up to their promises of FREQUENT updates (thick and fast? an adequate description of the disappointment myself and other like-minded consumers have developed, and with good reason).At the same time, they're working on other game projects irrelevant to this one, and publishing the games of other developers no doubt so the CF dev team can accumulate more money that they won't use for game development. It's a shame, I like the look of some of these CF published games - but that this excuse-making, undeserving bunch would reap some of the profits makes me kind of physically ill.IN SHORT: Do not think you are going to get frequent updates, do not think you are going to have a lot to do, and don't expect any (re)playability. The game is so very far from even nearly completed, and Chucklefish's abyssmal management won't solve that soon. Let them use the money they already have to do something with Starbound, rather than whatever they're doing to♥♥♥♥♥♥it away at the moment.EDIT: Also they need to sort out their launcher so that it closes by itself - I suspect a lot of 'time played' for people is being falsely attributed to them neglecting to close the launcher, even when the main game window is shut down. I had to launch the game from the .exe directly in order to bypass that pesky, misleading launcher."
,Recommended,211820,8983509,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Oyasumi,"The most epic game survival/action of this year , great variety of races , many tech and infinite planets , great variety of biomes and monsters that make your game unique . Many coordinates that can be used to discover others galaxies  and new weapons , powers and recipes . Great boss battles and epic bosses , great sub-bosses . Marvelous Soundtrack , match perfectly with the combat.Positives- Soundtrack- Mod support- Free update- Multiplayer- Animations-  Massive gameplayCons- no story ( and this game deserve a good story to go on )- updates dont come faster than we expect- Can be complicated to use everything on the game if u never played terraria or minecraft"
,Recommended,211820,8450288,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Drunken Tiger,"Starbound is easily an addicting game. I assume it as Terraria's successor, with better graphics and a much larger world. I was instantly hooked on it. When I litterally first started the game there was a bit of confusion on what to do, but after I found the small tutorial they give you I recovered and actually started playing. You litterally feel like your exploring the universe through a spaceship, and you techniqually are...this game is HUGE. On a side note I love the instruments, that was a hilarious, yet beautiful touch. I even enjoyed the comical responses my dim-witted Floran had for nearly everything.Building is very nice and simple, too, and you can find some really nice stuff! from giant bird artifacts to golden toilets. Who wouldn't want a golden toilet to match their throne room?But...After beating all current bosses, gaining the best armor, and flying to only level 10 planets, I find the whole process getting very repetitive. I would like to see more storyline behind all the races.This is only a beta for now, but I am very, VERY pleased with the results.I would rate this game an 8/10, the last two points missing from the grindy feeling later in the game. Hopefully they will fix that and give the players something to do once they get all the good stuff.If you enjoy exploring in videogames the most, you'll find this game a good grab for your collection."
76561198044410877,Recommended,211820,8360346,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Space✘,"to who liked terraria, this game is for you."
,Recommended,211820,8993167,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,「Suu」,"""Starbound is just a terraria rippoff"" Is what i've heard by many different people, well i say they're wrong. The freedom to fully interact with your characters in several different ways, including mods that will add more races and story to the game. Well, i would also say that gameplay is way different too, both in feel and in skill. I mean, when starting a new character you might end up on a fairly challenging planet instantly, acid water, acid rain and monsters that has various attack moves. The lootable items from mini-bosses and chests has an unique function, they're completly random. Even if you kill the same looking mini boss there's a minimal chance that you get exactly the same item. Also i would say that if you look at the different planets visual design like backgrounds, biome and wildlife. You also see that this varies by which planet you visit, even if some changes and difference may feel small.The soundtrack is simply glorious, but i would apreciate if they added more battle themes.The Current version does NOT include custom ships, which means you can't expand them or move any original parts that was in the spaceship in the beginning thus offering a very limited space.Overall i think the game is ""working"" as entertainment which means it can be interesting from time to time since it can feel repetitive.Right now Starbound would need the following: More Quests, The possibility to re-arrange the spaceship and more content in general and Somekind of multiplayer item protection (Making people unable to steal from other players)"
,Recommended,211820,8697905,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,[DeNo] The Wicked Viking,17 hours past 2 days says it all!
,Recommended,211820,8104780,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,G2 Extaasi ツ,"I love it. I like minecraft and terraria but this, This have something Special!"
76561198292285323,Recommended,211820,32916520,Posted: 28 June,all,wombat2041,"fun game ,amazing mods and cool loot ,what more could i ask for?"
76561198052120013,Not Recommended,211820,24482386,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,TitanTZ,"I usually don't write reviews, but this game frustrates me and here is why.The game has much potential and I will list 5 pro's below.- Many customization options- Lots of references to sci-fi material- Extensive crafting system- Decent story serviceable to the game- Decent gameplayNow I will go into the negatives why the game doesn't work for me. The game feels bloated, it has a lot of ideas and content but it doesn't feel coherent. There is too much cluttered together and though I feel an RPG or a similar game should be extensive. The core components of the game should be streamlined, yet it feels like a mess.This game has taken forever to come out, and I felt it would only be honest to review it once the game is officially released. I have seen builds come and go of this game and the final product is dissapointing even compared to the earlier versions of the game. It plays unbalanced, frustrating and just a chore to get through.Now I am sure there are a lot of proponents for this game, all the more power to you if you enjoyed it, I didn't and this is the first game I have reviewed ever, yet I felt just to write a review for this game just to inform you. Buy it if you really like Terraria and you look for something similar, otherwise don't waste your money and time on it. Because how often i have tried i can't enjoy this game."
,Recommended,211820,32844174,Posted: 26 June,all,Dykyco,"When I purchased this game, I thought that it was just going to be one of those boring games that comes for an insane price that I would just end up uninstalling. But when I stepped into the world of Starbound... I couldn't contain myself. I found myself completely swooned by my nerdy instincts and was ready to be strapped in and taken for a ride I could never forget. For the first couple seconds of me playing this adventure, sandbox, survival, indie, game I realized how immersive a game like this could be and I craved for more. I instantly skimmed through all of the races you could be and I loved them all.  I quickly pressed ""Novakid"" and started my adventure through this vast, open, expansive, world. I was drawn into the story and was emotionally attached to the characters at the outpost. I completely loved the whole concept of upgrading your ship, it's an absolutely fantastic idea! I love the boss fights, the furniture, the races, the planets, and especially the space ships! I also love the space station system, it is quite breathtaking to be in a big space station in the middle of wide open space. Every single pixel in this game has so much detail in it, and it just makes me hyped for more. The multiplayer mode for this game is magnificent, truly ""well-met kingsman."" The mechs are exquisite and are an overall sleek feature that they added to the game. The game runs very smoothly and I haven't had a crashing issue whatsoever. I indeed love this game and the people who work on it. The people that work on this game have amazingly genius minds and I really hope to see more with their work on this game in the future. -Dykyco ""Peace Out"""
,Not Recommended,211820,24565456,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Dymhsa,"If ""Waste of Potential"" had its own word and was in the dictionary, Darkest Dungeon would be pictured next to it. Below that would be starbound.Starbound is one of the few games which was more pleasurable to play during beta than release. They took out things that made the game interesting and fun to explore like temperature, randomized planets, and randomized creatures. Those are all gone. Now we have a bunch of in your face drama story that tries to force you along with it by content locking you out of certain things until you do it (This was in beta, but you were pretty much free after the first planet and a mission. Unskippable cutscenes and dialogues full of useless schlock about a run of the mill elder gods story that has any semblance of being mysterious obliterated by shoving it down your eyesockets.I wouldn't say it's bad, but boy did the development team huff some paint when they decided their open world survival and exploration game with a skeleton story needed quest gating and less randomization."
,Recommended,211820,8980568,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,the big kahuna,"Starbound is one of those games like Terraria, you just want to keep going and expanding. The differences between Terraria and starbound are what make it stand out. For example, the music! Oh my god the music is so wonderous! I mean, don't get me wrong; Terraria hadgreatmusic. But in comparison to Starbound, it stands no chance. another thing I like about the game is the motion, jumping. And character movement and action physics. The jumps look fluent, the movement actually defines what a body would look like running, and the other movements aren't blocky; they're smooth. Overall, I love this game and will see myself loggingAT LEAST100- 200 hours."
,Not Recommended,211820,11703300,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,BySplitDecision,If you want to play this game just pirate it. These developers do not deserve your money.
76561198081541821,Not Recommended,211820,24523390,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,🖕SaltLord🖕,"It's a bit boring to be honest. The combat controls feel clunky, the controls in general are bad. Inventory management is a chore, looting things from chests is a chore (no option to loot all using a keyboard button, have to click for everything). Mining takes too long. Imo the matter manipulator should be able to mine at max speed from the beginning. Making mining slow is anti-fun. Just boring. And this is coming from a newcomer to the game (I have not played early access). It's too bad I went over the 2 hour limit for steam refunds. RIP 15 dollars. I had 4 hours at the time of writing this but... I'll play some more to get my money's worth, maybe i'll come to like it like Stockholm's syndrome idk."
,Recommended,211820,9090363,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Strawberry,One of the best games ive played so far!! 10/10
,Recommended,211820,28656292,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ItsLeAshton,"Dude this game is absolutely amazing, I can barely speak.This game is like a mix of No Man's Sky, Minecraft, Terraria, Poptropica, Earthbound, Zelda 1, Zelda 2, and so many other games!WOW. This game is a ton of fun. It's basically a space exploration game that'll save you about $45 if you were to decide to buy No Man's Sky.Sweet game dudes! Check it out! :O"
,Not Recommended,211820,26061710,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Doctor America,"It's okay, not nearly as good as Terraria though.  I just can't get as invested in this game as I'd like to."
,Not Recommended,211820,24488860,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,[MoeGamer.net] Pete,"I really didn't like this game when it was in the very early stages of Early Access when I last played it, but since so many people seemed to be picking it up now it's finally hit version 1.0, I thought I'd give it another shot.I still don't like it.Atrocious combat, tiny icons that are near-indecipherable and very difficult to distinguish from one another, vague objectives with little to no guidance on how to actually accomplish them and the mind-numbing tedium of digging out a thousand blocks of dirt painfully slowly just so you can get back on top of the hill you fell off... not a fun gaming experience for me, I'm afraid.The pixel art is lovely (albeit tiny at high resolution) and the music is gorgeous, though, so that's something, at least.I can't recommend this in good conscience to anyone but the biggest fans of Terraria, which is a pity, because the concept is compelling and there's a serious dearth of old-school Starflight-style ""explore the galaxy and find stuff"" games in the modern arena. Unfortunately Starbound just doesn't deliver in this regard, placing too much emphasis on the ""mine and craft"" aspect and not enough on trekking across the galaxy -- at least in the early hours. But I feel most people will probably lose interest around their seven thousandth dirt block well before they get their ship to a respectable state and start doing more interesting spacefaring things; I certainly did."
,Not Recommended,211820,25186187,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,^FF^Killerspider I,"I've spent a bit of time in this game exploring all side missions and goofing off with my friend and yes we've had great times on this game but as of now I cannot bring myself to recommend Starbound and here's why :Pro's:- Sandbox, you may alter the environment and lay waste to procedurally generated neutral towns as much as you desire- The tech system eventhough there isn't a whole lot of options in it currently (9 upgrades) adds some great secret areas that can only be traversed with the upgrades- The randomized challenge portals are a heap of fun and actually are very diverse from platformers, to trap challenges to actual arenas- Unlocking the markets in the Outpost gives a good sense of progress in a similar way where in Terraria you receive new NPCs- One of the two vehicles in the game are very fun to play around with (the bike), leap over terrain at will!Con's :- Becoming landowner and building a village for rent has the most mundane rewards imaginable. we built a town in a volcanic planet for the higher rewards there and we ended up with incredibly rare and low amounts of pixel payouts and absurd quantities of food, bandages, seeds, ... which didn't seem like much of a reward at all- Random planet generation isn't all that random with each terrain of planet having a gauranteed type of one civilization and slightly different organised village of said type of civilization (Floran, Apex, ...) you'll want to find a neutral and hostile type of each civilization- The main storyline quest is repetitive always following the same recipe: Scan 5-10 objects of the next race, then visit that race's capital in a special 5 minute mission. Do this 5 times, congratulations you have completed Starbounds main ""story""-line.- There are other things being omitted from my review for the sake of not listing the entire contents of the game (such as limited armour, weapons, ...)P.S. If you haven't tried it out yet, Terraria, Craft The World, ... have a LOT more content than this game!+ Approved by friend"
,Not Recommended,211820,24676696,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dekar_Serverbot,"It's my life... it's now or never...I loved the early access version, even if all intro was just a paragraph explaining DIFFERENT origins. Early access was full of life, landlord managing, struggling combats, 3D printing and a department store. Release version has instead a dragon age 2 intro, void walkings, no terraria management, useless weapons, low inventory spaces with no way to create your stuff and an abandoned square.Just like my real life this is not funny and depresing, look i know this has absolutely nothing to do with the game but i will point it anyways: Before i went to college I was like Alex from Stardew Valley. You know, full of hopes and dreams, always smilling and working out like a psycho. After College I became a broken hearted drunkard full of pessimism that just plays videogames and have sex sometimes with a girl or two, just a carcass of an undead vessel. THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT HAPPENED WITH THIS GAME, IT WENT TO COLLEGE, MEET A DREAM GIRL, BROKE IT'S HEART IN PIECES, ABANDONED EVERYTHING IT LOVED TO DO AND IT'S JUST UNDEAD.When i modded this game before was just because I wanted to see other races, maybe having the chozo weapons and prismatic stars as a plus, now i had to MOD IT TO JUST PLAY IT. It was cool that the hunger metter is back, now i have a reason for farming, but what was NOT COOL was forcing minecraft play in order to get that metter, good thing i got a mod that disables loot drop on survival. Miss the old temperature system, and the USEFULL skills like breathers, bounce bubles and such. I had to MOD IT AGAIN to dismiss fall damage in order to beat the first boss.When you have to mod a game TOO MUCH to be enjoyable is not worth your money, third party unsalaried people is making it fun, not the one who is getting your money. Do yourself a favor and don't buy this... is just a carcass of a great early access game.What makes this even worse is that developers are just morons that instead of working on the huge issues in the game keep adding collections just like trying to emulate Banjo Kazooei, but banjo kazooei was fun, had charismatic characters instead of generic ones, and ran smooth. Avoid this at all costs, there are cheaper games like terraria that are light years beyond this piece of spaggetti coded pseudo sandbox."
,Not Recommended,211820,21599301,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Cent,I had this since it came out. Still in ''Early access'' RIP starbound. :/
76561197984786018,Not Recommended,211820,10077348,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,『 空白 』,"Barely enough content to justify a purchase.The devs promised a lot, but so far the development has been on a stand-still for 3+ months and I would advise anyone considering a purchase of this game to rather set their eyes on Terraria which is a more fulfilling experience.Be careful about the vast amount of positive reviews for this game as there has beena) a lot of hype at the beginning of the gameb) a lot of circlejerking concerning the devs promises and their great communication (which essentially came down to diplomatically justify the delays)Some people have compiled an interesting list of 'development' steps so far:http://pastebin.com/jAWKJnHy"
76561198056049976,Not Recommended,211820,16913933,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Dendisaurus Rex,"Ok so me and my girl stubbled upon this game. It was cool i actualy liked it better than terreia. But one day 2 weeks worth of pogression just vanished, completely vanished. So we where♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ we later played again and same thing. I still see people complaining about this sissue. Still in early access? I mean 2 years for a game like this? Not worth time and money until OFFICIALY FIXED AND RELEASE."
,Recommended,211820,7932685,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ra'Senché,its awesome... an i think you should definetly get it... maybe wait till closer to the official release tho. if you liked terraria then definetly get it...only problems i got atm is that if you fail the first boss fight its a reall pain to farm all the items needed for it again... you would have alot less of that if multi player is up but at the moment i dont see how to set that up yet.. isnt really clear.however this is an Early Access Game so that;ll definetly be improved at the official launch.
,Recommended,211820,8061746,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Hong Kong Sniper,"This is terraria with planets, space travel, more♥♥♥♥♥♥in general, and evil sentient penguins that fly ufos into your face. Buy it now or face my wrath."
,Not Recommended,211820,11761988,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,ChiruChiru,Don't even touch it. Its bloody awful.
,Not Recommended,211820,11626151,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Mr. Nux,bad
,Not Recommended,211820,11703194,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,JovialReaper,"When I bought this game, it was advertised as a Beta that would be receiving thick and heavy updates, almost daily.  The stable, playable game has not been updated in many months.  I would not have bought the game knowing the progress would be this slow, rather than the stated rate.  It may be something fun one day, and I hope that day comes, but after this experience I won't be buying an Early Access title again, most likely."
,Recommended,211820,17736885,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,BIG OUNCE,"I personally L0VE this game.Everytime a new patch comes out I love it to just f*ck arround and do whatever I want.If you think about getting this game, just get it. The music and gameplay fits together soo good.If you can get a server and play with your friends, I promise you, you wont regret it9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8715348,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,torgon1,better than terraria... MUCH BETTER!!!
,Not Recommended,211820,24677645,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,jimbo turkey,"Starbound is a decently fun game.Let me say that if you have played Terraria and fully enjoyed it, this game will probably put a bad taste in your mouth. I know that these games are not the same, but they are similar in many ways. They are both adventure games with an open world to explore. The problem with Starbound is that the game does not feel like an adventure. It feels like a massive chore after the first 2-3 story quests, and that is mostly due to boring and repetivitive scanning quests where you scour planets for literally HOURS if you are not particularly lucky looking for quest specific items. These scanning quests are given to you every single story mission, and trust me, they do not get any more interesting or fun. Just stale and annoying. The point of them is to bring you to explore the planets and go on adventures, but adventuring has its own issues.Adventuring is really crippled by the fact that going underground deeply or anywhere below mini dungeons is a huge pain because of boring loot, repetitive enemy types, and the lack of a minimap. It is very easy to get lost underground, and since the loot is mostly worthless, why bother? The loot in this game is mostly just bad due to the procedural generation. The staffs, 1-handed weapons, shields, grenade launchers, shotguns and hammers get outclasses by broadswords, assault rifles, and rocket launchers. The only fix I could give about the boring enemies is to make a larger variety of enemies. A lot of the enemies either charge at you or shoot you. If you stay on the surface and go through the mini dungeons and just collect chest and crate loot it will yield the same result for the most part but feel less tasking.There are many other overall issues with the game outside of the problems with adventuring. The game is optimized really poorly. The only options to change related to video settings are resolution and the option to use v-sync. My friend who also played this game has a very high end PC and he even had FPS drops during heavy rain and boss fights. Continuing with the multiplayer, it is pretty bad from my experience. If you do not have excellent ping, the multiplayer will be extremely laggy due to more poor optimization. My ping is around 40-60 on average and the lag was still unbearable for a majority of the game. The world also unloads itself after crossing loading zones, so there are many times where you will be standing at an edge of the world waiting for the world to finish loading in. When you get the speeder bike vehicle sometimes the game just becomes a choppy and laggy unplayable mess, and you might as well just get off of the vehicle.If you do not have a problem with poor optimization for multiplayer and video settings, unfulfilling adventuring, mostly repetitive quests and enemy types, then the games good aspects, which include compelling and challenging boss fights and attractive visuals should do you nicely. Is Starbound fun to play? It is not super fun to play after the first 10 or so hours, but it can still drag you in to finish the story. After finishing this game, I would rather have done another Terraria playthrough."
,Not Recommended,211820,24691896,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,MisterHitter,"Basically its like terraria 1.0. Fun game, but definitely not as much fun or content compared to its newest version, if you're teetering between buying or waiting, wait until Chucklefish adds back in content that they stripped from the beta and push a couple more content updates through."
,Not Recommended,211820,24691846,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,AccademicJimbo,"There's only so much false promises, cut content, and incompatability that I can put up with.  I had not bothered but if I did write a review sometime last year it would have been possitive - a desparate cling to hope that saner people abandoned years ago.Few games challenge the merits of Early Access as a concept as much as this one. An arbitary legal shield to hide behind lies by means of the ancient english Common Law ""caveat emptor"".Ignore the ~90% possitive reviews, many of those were prior to the repeated backstabbing of Chucklefish and not revised to reflect those scars. But I do find it suspicios that despute the volume of recent reviews there is not a ""Recent:"" Rating as well which would paint a very bleak picture.Oh and those requirements you see on this page? Ignore them. To run this game in 64-bit mode you now need Visual Studio C++ 2015 which may or may not have issues intalling on your computer based on the issues of prerequisite windows updates which may or may not have installed properly, or that your computer for other reasons outright can't process. But even then it might not be enough to avoid the constant frame stuttering at full screen regardless of how powerful your machine is.The first world you land on now is so toned down it practically gives you the resources you once had to actually prepare for the trek to dig to the core of the world. Beyond that so much content was cut to the point where this feels like 0.1 instead of 1.0. Other reviews go into more detail on this, I suggest you read them.Mods feel more like vital content patches rather than superfluous user created things.  Yes, I know some people will make that excuse, but mods are not part of the game. The extent that modding feels ""necessary"" is just  a testament to how bad of a developer one is. So I won't recomend the game for what extra labor and research on your end will improve it to be, I'm recomending on what this game actually is upon initial installation.If you haven't yet bought the game you might still have fun with it since your mind is not tainted with years, years of false promises, cut content, and character wipes.But wait until like 2018, this game is still Effectively in early access despite the arbitrary 1.0 label and even assuming something that could fairly be described as ""complete"" and somewhat optimized for performance would be finisehd this decade is being too generous.Nothing good is worth of particular note: yes a neat soundtrack that's been there for years. A ""16 bit"" look that will struggle to render at constistently tollerable framerates regardless of your computer's high specs.tl;dr - you aren't getting less-chibi Terraria with a space opera, you're getting disapointment."
,Not Recommended,211820,24696376,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Anihillator,"This is a great game. Really, it's great, don't look at ""Not recommended"".But it's not an adventure-boss-fighting game. It's more of ""make your goal and play stardew valley"".Battles are too boring. Random weapons look cool... First few hundred of em. Eventually you get some ubersword and finish rest of the game with it.Bosses dont even have a second phase (except that one or two which got some new attacks).Plot? Eh, regular ""save the world"" thing, it's okay for sandbox game like that.And on the other hand theres TONS of decorations, different looking blocks, clothes, even some roleplay elements. There's lots of things to do- but you don't need it!Why buuld a house if you can fit everything inside the ship?Why get NPCs if they are almost useless? You can get ship upgrades even without em.Why do farming or mining if you can walk around the planet and get handful of food and ore?-------So.It's a game about farming. If you like stardew valley, if in terraria you always was the guy who builds stuff- buy it.But if you expect a lot of action and cool battles- go back to terraria.Gg.-------A lot of stuff got straight removed since earlier versions.Random mobs? Nah.More tech? Who needs it?Race bonuses? Pfft. Meh."
,Recommended,211820,9967451,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Momo ♣™,"Its fun and amazing. It has good graphics and its got some sweet mods and classes. If you like games where you can make your own character and do what you want to different planets and sectors, This is TOTALLY the game for you!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24589916,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ZEF STAR,"I guess it's cool the devs pushed through to get this game out of Early Access hell, but the end product has a very mediocre progression to it. Exploration is great! But the combat is lackluster and construction is more tedious than Terraria. Some mechanics aren't explained well and don't make sense. Much of the game is unpolished and full of fluff that means nothing. Spent plenty of time in it, but just burns you out because the content is wide, but shallow. You run around and experience a bunch of cool new things, only to realize that there just isn't much depth to any of them.Worth $15? Yeah probably.Reached its potential? Not by a long shot =/"
76561198097163686,Not Recommended,211820,12471916,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,The_Rui_N00b,The game is s h i tThe devs are s h i tThe community is s h i tumad
,Recommended,211820,10116275,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,strato,"It's been out 2 years since I reviewed this game, so I figured i might as well go and update it. Once again, I find myself getting into Starbound, even after the hundreds of hours i've invested during EA. Starbound really is a magnificent game, and it's got about everything one could want and more as a sandbox-survival game. For those who compare Starbound to Terraria, in terms of content at the moment I'm not sure but i think Starbound has more, while as on the other hand Terraria is extremely polished in what it does have. But keep in mind that Terraria has gone through constant iterations as it is currently version 1.3, while Starbound just released and is 1.0. I really like how the devs added a story as well, and the updated hud looks great in my opinion. The gameplay is very similar to Terraria, except for the fact that Starbound contains missions, which are essentially dungeons you fight through with a boss at the end. Combat is really enjoyable and with the energy system, it ends up being a lot more than spam clicking or holding your mouse. I find the game really fleshed out and I have to give my hat off to the devs for all the hard work which can be seen on the Starbound blog. 10/10 I would recommend."
76561197962368459,Not Recommended,211820,9879645,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Lupus,"Starbound is a nice game, but it is one of this early alpha games where the developers promise fast developement,but then nothing happens. It´s really dissapointing to buy a half finished game and you can´t see any progress formonth."
76561197993311991,Not Recommended,211820,12119127,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,ListerOfSmeg,"I wouldnt recommend anyone buy this game, or any other from the developer. The game is very far from being complete and they have done nothing to the game in almost 8 months. Now they announce a new game they have been working on, so they took the money many of us spent on this game, and used it to create a whole new game, rather than finish the one we paid for.I will never buy another product from them again, and I urge others not to support such a low class developer."
76561198019584864,Not Recommended,211820,28650722,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Devorlast,"So I got this game some two years after playing Terraria, and I was expecting somewhat similar experience from it. At first I was pretty happy with Starbound as it has a story and clearly defined objectives where Terraria was more of a sandbox and ""figure it out yourself"" kind of game. I spent hours in Terraria digging and upgrading my gear as everything I crafted felt like it made me more powerful, in Starbound most crafted items are worse than what you find looting settlements. There is no opposition to stealing anything not bolted down in this game. You go in to some race's city and loot every container you can find, you can even take their appliances and furniture without a peep from the owners. This has made crafting nearly obsolete, the second thing that hurts crafting is the material progress. To get better gear you have to go to later plantes which you unlock only though story quests. In between story quests you have to farm (ore in Starbound is scarce and spread out at random underground) materials to get a set of next level gear or you will get obliterated by the next story quest boss. Rinse and repeat multiple times to get to the story final.This woudnt have been so bad if it wasnt such a chore most of the time. combat is not about thinking but gear and reflexes, weapons mostly suck and the most effective way I have found to defeat enemies is dual daggers simply because they can ""stunlock"" enemies due to very fast attack speed. Purple items are more of a curiosity than actually useful weapons. And final mechanic that killed the game for me was fall damage. I dont remember if Terraria had it at all, and if it did it did not seem to bother me, in Starbound I died ten times more often from falling than the medicore fights...Not worth the money, even discounted. Wish I saw that before I hit the 2 hour mark and lost my refund option."
76561198091509772,Recommended,211820,17745918,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,C.L.0.U.D,"This is an awesome game, i bought it before the last update when it was much less awesome. I must say, you really should get this, especially if you are on mac and cant get terraria, this is a great game that i hope will one day beat out it's sister game."
76561198068430109,Not Recommended,211820,12450836,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Cursed,"disapointing really, it looked at first, like terraria but super epic. the game is monotonous, go to planet, dig stuff up, raid npc's, new planet"
,Not Recommended,211820,12989397,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,I have chronic depression,I have played less than 5 hours and i am already sick of it. Normaly i wouldn't waste my time writing a bad review about a game but this game is honestly really boring. I wouldn't recomend this game. Only get this game if it is on sale.
76561197993846315,Not Recommended,211820,12498387,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,b4ry,Curse this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,24486223,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,corrosivechains,"Just get Terraria and save yourself some trouble.   Doesn't really add anything new to the table, and it seems that the release has taken more out than it's put in.  This isn't even going into CF's terrible customer service."
,Recommended,211820,24478758,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Old Smeg,"New update is awesome, the game feels like, for me, that it has progress, as before the 1.0 update I just felt like I was exploring, but with this new update it feels like there is a story (Because there is now with 1.0) especially when you start off, the beginning feels like a throwback to Dead Space, and it’s just really awesome, also it feels more smooth and polished, as before there was stutter for me, going between 50-60 and sometimes in the 40's but now it’s a solid 60 and way more enjoyable, if you like Terraria I would really recommend this, I did everything in Terraria (On console so don't think I’m lying because of my steam hours) and this game in my opinion feels better with more content, so if you don't have this game and like Terraria then I would highly recommend it!EDIT: As you can see from the reviews, the community has been split since the 1.0 release"
,Recommended,211820,35007204,Posted: 16 September,all,Lvkas,"The Best Upgraded Sandbox.Reminds me of Terraria but in Space Version ,Even its more Enjoyable with friends in Cooperative.Soo Yeah Guys if you love the Sandbox games like Terraria.Even with friends then you should try this one:)"
76561198023133803,Not Recommended,211820,24508430,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gir Fan,"DisappointingI enjoyed Starbound in the early beta phase. New planets ment new creatures, new dangers, a new meta of engagement with each planet. With the new cookie cutter creatures, that went out the window. Now it is the same boring creatures every few biomes.Imagine playing Dark Souls where you are one hit away from killing a boss. You had grinded up  to prepare for the fight. Just for you character get killed from the game freezing up. That is Starbound every ten minutes. Grind, grind, grind, hoarding, death, then restart. Base building is decent, but Starbound needs a lot more work and optimization. Declaring flour and eggs a cake doesn't make it one. The developers need to realize that"
,Not Recommended,211820,28708816,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pikachu,"I heard most of the gamers around me saying ""Starbound? Pff... Don't bother with it. Play something else instead, like Terraria.""So I didn't bother with it until I played Stardew Valley (which is also developed by Chucklefish). SV was in pretty good shape and I enjoyed playing it, and by the time I got enough of it, I heard that Starbound had massive patch. So I thought 'yeah, SB should be in a good shape by now' and started playing it.So, was SB in a good shape? Well, hardly. There is small annoyance everywhere which bothers the player, and those annoyance altogether makes player frustrating. Here are pros and cons (there were errors with my previous review regarding hunger system, and I added pros after playing more, 17/1/1).Pros:1. Lore-friendlyIf you like collecting in-game lore and like reading storylines and books, Starbound provides much better experience than Terraria.2. Delicate pre-generated worldPre-generated world contains buildings such as medieval castle, Japanese style manor, western style village, apocalyptic backgrounds, and many others. They are in decent shape too.3. Pokemon! Um... wait, Starmon?You can catch hostile monsters and neutral creatures. Monsters can be summoned to aid you in battle and both monsters and creatures can be displayed for the sake of... well, displaying. It is always fun to add new creatures and monsters to collection.4. Relative ease of getting boxesIt looks like many boxes generates closer to surface, not deep dark underground. So you do not have to dig 30 minutes to get a single box which contains useless junk. Boxes do generate in deep dark underground too, so if you like digging, you can still dig.5. More NPC interactionsYou can do quests and hire non-hostile NPCs, and they actually do help while you progress through the game. Only thing I don't like is that once you dismiss your hired NPCs, they are gone for good, and there is no way to retrieve them.Cons:1. No minimapAre you serious? No minimap? I died while navigating through underground lavaland, and it took me bloody 40 minutes to get to the deathpoint. I almost deleted the bloody game. If no-minimap play is intended by the dev, I have no idea how no-minimap can make SB more enjoyable. If it is not intended, but is just not there, well, what a horrible dev we got here.2. Hunger systemIf well used, hunger system can add decent amount of tension and challenges to players, and gives extra contents to do of course. I think a game such as Don't Starve did great job at doing so.Is it well used in SB? I do not think so. It is horribly annoying to see your character starving while you are shopping in the middle of town or managing inventory in your house or spaceship. What makes it worse is that most of the food (if not all) and more than half of the ingredients won't stack. Which makes food inventory management one tedious chore.Yes, you can turn it off by choosing easiest difficulty; and you lose solid contents by doing so. Devs could make it less annoying by applying differentiated hunger-gauge depleting system, and more enjoyable by reinforcing food buff with different ingredients. If there were glow buff, I would eat it all the time, but right now, the only buff I care about is speed buff.3. No pauseThere is no way to pause the game. So if pizza delivery is at your front door, you either need to exit the game, or use console which makes your character invincible (/admin), or let your character stand in the middle of dangerous planet, hoping no monsters show up and massacre the character. If you want to grab a drink from a fridge or go to bathroom, you either need to exi... well, you get the point.4. BlueprintsGathering ingredients itself is already hefty amount of work, and you need to farm blueprint also. Acquiring blueprints is based on rng, so good luck farming the blueprint.5. Boss playUnlike Terraria, you do not summon bosses. Instead, you go to pre-set boss stage, and the path is guarded by minions and traps. Of course, you cannot dig through or add blocks to the stage, and the process is a lot like the good ol' Megamen. Buuut, you know, if I wanted to play such game, I would go and play Megamen instead - which is solely dedicated to such playstyle, thus more refined - not Starbound.So, if you wanted to build grand arena, and have deathmatch with summoned bosses... well, sorry pal, there is no such content in Starbound.It is not that I do not like such playstyle, but solely providing such boss is just disappointing for a game which is heavily focused on dig & build.6. Limited mobility and sightI can understand limiting the mobility and sight until midgame. But if the limitations persist even after the player reaches endgame, it is just annoying. Even with all the tech upgrades and best gears equipped, you would feel like you are crawling if you played Terraria.Sight gets better with Light EPP Augment, but in exchange for other awesome EPP buffs you can have. And in certain areas, it is really hard to tell a difference between background and real blocks.There exists difference between tension and annoyance; former one makes the game more challenging while the latter makes game like a mixed chunk of anger and frustration.I feel like the dev made SB feel like annoyance, not tension. Games like Terraria, Don't Starve, and Darkest Dungeon did great job at creating tension. From such games, the dev should learn the difference between unnecessary annoyance and challenging tension.Right now, I'm spending most of my playtime catching monsters, building grand colonies, plantation, and monster zoo; and those are relatively enjoyable, except that I constantly suffer from blueprint farming, no-pause system, and hunger alarm. If someone asks me if I would recommand Starbound, well, I would recommand if (and only if) the person has nothing else to do in Terraria and can withstand playing Terraria with lowest tier wing and hook, and without waterwalking / lavawalking / featherfall."
,Not Recommended,211820,26083976,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,grimmjoww66,"The game had more content in it when it was in its unfinished state... I can't recommend this game at the moment, the story is weak and there is very little to do end-game. Pick up terraria instead."
76561198050849894,Not Recommended,211820,24508228,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Heimboy,I bought this game fairly early in the develepment procces and got to see it change but this newest one i hate crafting takes time now whoever thought that up should get fired you may think you can deal with that you will just browse whatever else you want to craft but you can't click off of the item you are crafting you have to sit there staring at somthing and wait for it to craft. mining is still boring so there is that food doesn't stack anymore and in combat your better off just building a wall around whatever it is that is attacking you the pros are there is a story and now you can craft just about every building block so you build a cool house after you craft everything one at a time.
76561197970578059,Not Recommended,211820,17245795,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Dignan,"This ""game"" is barely a game at all. Its Tereria without the polish. I'm glad I got it in the Summer Sale, since I would be very displeased if I even spent $15 on it. Don't waste your money, the developers clearly don't have any plans to finish this ""Beta"" any time in the next lifetime. Get Tereria or even Minecraft instead.2/10"
76561198164108182,Not Recommended,211820,24700953,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,snarfblam,"Is it any good? How would I know? Admittedly, I have an old GPU, but for a 2D game I am downright impressed that Starbound manages to overheat my GPU to the point that my computer shuts down to prevent damage (100C within a few minutes).  The problem is markedly worse as of 1.0. Probably an edge case; it's probably doing some random thing my GPU happens to not like, but it's pretty garbage that there is (no longer) an option to choose between DirectX and OpenGL. Don't know if that would fix anything because I can't check. With a 2D, single-threaded game, though, I somewhat expect that I should be able to run the game perfectly even with software rendering, so why is it setting my GPU on fire?"
,Not Recommended,211820,24728587,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Trypan,"Bought this during early access because I thought it was going to be like terraria. Exploring sandbox with some roleplaying, great music, combat, bosses and so on. What I got was something... completely else. At least what it feels like.Where do I begin? A cons pros list?Pro:Music is fantasticA lot of planets(somewhat) living world with NPCs giving you questsBuild a colony on a shipLots of instrumentsModsLots of biomesCons:Combat is awfulMovement is awfulSidequests to make a colony are very very repetative (kill x, transport this, talk to this guy, find and craft x)Main story is SHORT. And by short it's really shortBoss fights aren't even engaging, it feels like all bosses are pretty much the sameLast boss is just a bulletsponge. Nothing remarkeable, it's just the same pattern over and over again with other monster spawns.There is one boss (the first) who has at least a unique way to defeat it. The rest is just whack it until it diesUnskipable cutscenesWeapons barely differ. There are only a few weapons that actually are different and even then, the armor is what makes the big difference of weapon strengthIt takes only a few hours to get the best armor in the game and thus almost maxing your damage output and character progression (Get 2k pixels, buy 1 fire and 1 ice fluffalo, kill some enemies for a living root and poison sample, you can now access all EPP'S and thus get all ore within a 2-4 hours)Monsters aren't that... diverse. It's pretty much the same over and over again with a new enemy model.The shallow combat, boring bosses, fast character progression and the repetative just does not make the game fun at all. I found it pretty comfy to make a base in my ship but that's about it. Mods might make the game better but it's just not good enough on its own."
76561198123511970,Not Recommended,211820,24917330,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,AquaBison,DO NOT BUY After 6 hours my character was deleted. I started a new one and he was deleted afater 14 hours with no back up. to make matters worse I can't even refund this pos game don't buy way to buggy
,Recommended,211820,16411751,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Reiji,"I don't use the launcher and would probably already have over 1,000 hours if I did. This game is pretty much the definition of procedural/random generation. The weapons are random, the enemies are random, the NPCs are random, the terrain is random, even the color of the dirt is random. Y'know, except for some important bits that aren't random. And it's only going to get even more random as it updates.And it can get even MORE random with mods. I would know; I've written mods myself. And it's not too hard to reverse-engineer the game files and write your own mods, either. Almost makes me wish Minecraft or Terraria modding was as easy.If you've played either of said game, or pretty much anything sandbox-like, you'll feel right at home here."
,Not Recommended,211820,13677796,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Noosey,"Devs openly complain about the community, there is no cohesion amongst them, and they have a borderline mental ill patient as the community manager. Having a problem with the game? Well prepared to be ♥♥♥♥♥ed at by a girl who thinks she can never be wrong.The game is a grindfest. Every mission is just a repeat of the last grind plus some, and a different boss. Honestly, don't trust these people rating the game as positive, the absolutely have no idea what goes on beyond building their little houses. Did I mention the dev also asked reddit for help with coding some simple 5 lines? Incompetence all around. Plus the guy bragged about making 6 figures a mointh, so there is where your money is going. His pocket, not developement."
76561197966086689,Not Recommended,211820,24567719,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,warpzone32,"Update to 1.0 somehow managed to turn a boring game into an absolutely tedious game.Let me start by saying I supported this game in Early Access.  I love the idea of Terraria in Space, and I've had a lot of fun playing the beta over the years.But you have got to be kidding me.Remember how the hunting bow wasn't really powerful enough to kill anything in less than three hits?  Good news everyone!  Now it still takes three hits, but you have to lead your target because you can't just fire at an enemy right in front of you, you ALWAYS have to do this stupid indirect fire ballista thing no handheld weapon has ever done in real life before!  Oh, and you can kill five enemies in a row and it still won't drop any meat.Remember how they tried everything they could think of, from making wooden platforms randomly collapse to bribing the player with resource veins that lead back to open tunnels, to stop players from drilling straight down to skip past the tedious, tedious intro planets?  Good news everyone!  Now they suggest it right there in the tutorial, but because wooden platforms now cost PLANT FIBRE, you have to♥♥♥♥♥♥around on this useless planet for literally days of RL time just to grow any.Remember how virtually EVERY scripted sequence in Starbound history, from the ""build an item to summon a mini-boss"" phase to the release of the zombie moonbase, was always an exercise in painfully linear frustration that instantly brought the crafting and upgrading to a screeching halt?  Good news everyone!  Now the game STARTS with one of those, and you literally CAN'T GET YOUR MATTER MANIPULATOR until you go through this stupid intro sequence.  There's a ""skip intro"" button, thankfully, but why isn't there a ""skip the game's artifically-imposed limitations"" button?Remember how the Man of Steel movie ruined the Superman franchise forever by making Superman pretty much powerless to prevent millions of people from dying?  Good news everyone!  Now YOU'RE that useless hero!  The intro sequence said so!How is it possible that no matter how much blood sweat and tears the developers pour into this game, it just keeps getting worse and worse?  It's not that hard, Chucklefish.  We just.  Want.  To build.  Stuff.  In space.  That's the entire premise of the game.  That's all we ever wanted.  To build stuff in space and maybe find a cool gun every once in a while.Every single update they keep piling on more superfluous early game garbage that prevents you from starting up a new 'verse and getting your hands dirty.  And OF COURSE your old data has to get wiped because why wouldn't that happen?  So you have to work harder and harder to skip past the useless boring tutorial section and it just keeps getting longer and more boring and they keep putting in more poinless missions for you to waste time jumping through hoops and dying until you're magically allowed to progress through luck and luck alone because the combat is so dodgy.  You can't grind.  You can't level up.  You can't tech up.  You just have to jump through the hoops the stupid game tells you to.ZERO FREEDOM.They took a game that was boring and they made it tedious.  They took a middling crafting game and they turned it into a terrible action game.  ALL the ingredients were there.  They could have made this good.  They could have made this fun.  But instead, they chose not to.They put tons of awesome hand-drawn items into the game and then slowly stripped away your ability to craft them.They invented a diablo-style loot system and then won't let enemies drop weapons.They split the duty of a basic crafting table into so many pointless extra structures that instead of needing a wiki to figure out the right structure to build, you'll need a wiki to figure out the structure to build the structure to build the structure.Not since Mighty No. 9 has the big release of a side-scrolling shooty game been this disappointing.  Not since Reddit have you needed mods this badly in order to have a worthwhile experience.I really used to like this game.  I really miss liking this game.  Why won't you let me like your game, Chucklefish?I just want to build stuff in space. ;_;"
76561198189823799,Recommended,211820,30027169,Posted: 18 February,all,Impressive,Brilliant
76561198037563600,Recommended,211820,8063715,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Spazzy,"Although this game may look an awful lot like Terraria, it definitely brings its own personality and unique traits to the table. I haven't played it an outstanding amount yet but i have had fun the whole time and feel nowhere near being done with the game. This game is definitely a contestant and force to be reckoned with in the category of games like Terraria. All around, a very fun and, based off my experience so far, highly replayable game."
76561198032116288,Not Recommended,211820,12689500,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,spoopy ghost,"Devs took the early access money and left laughing at all the suckers that got the game.Beautiful exemple of why Early Access should never make a single dollar.Don't get the game unless you're buying complete product, because there is never aguarantee the game will be finished."
76561198096036188,Not Recommended,211820,20336655,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,John Mann,"OLD REVIEW:""Hands down, really good game!""NEW REVIEW:That was my review back in the day, before I realised that this game sucks (in its current state). Let me just elaberate on it. In 2013-2014 I played this game like crazy & loved it so much, I had so much to do & everyday I would play. But one day for the first time, I experienced character wipes. Everything of mine was erased, even my saves. When this happened I felt so dissapointed & regretful. I wasted around 66 hours playing this game (mindlessly) all to get my character wiped. I thought it was a bug of some sort, I was wrong. This character wipe accurs every single update they have. So every single (I think major) update they will erase everybodys SB accounts so that they can experience the new update. After that shady incident, I tried playing again & the game becomes even harder(not in a good way). Before the big recent updates the starter ship use to be fully operational but you would have to fill up the ships power to make it flyable again (which was wood cole & uranium, no biggy). It was a great begining because you can then explore the world you are currently on wile being on a task. Now when you start a new game, your entire ship is broken & you have to fix the ship peice by peice (im pretty sure it was 3 sections of the ship). & you have to find some dumb f*cking element called 'core fragments' & I can barely find them & its even worse cause everything you have is pretty much nothing (character wipes dont help either). So you would have to spend more time digging your♥♥♥♥♥off then actually having fun. More grinding than variation gameplay, & usually you can get everything back with the simple creative mode mod, but now the mod cant support the newer version of SB, so thats useless now. This game was ""hands down really good game"" but unfortunately I just cant say the same about it anymore. The only good thing to say about this game is it has a wonderful soundtrack. Other than that I dont think anybody should buy it, at least not untill its out of damn early access.Do I regret playing? A little bit, but I have to say I had some really good memories when playing mindlessly. I met new people, gained new relationships, I experienced a new way of playing a game. So thanks SB but no thanks."
,Not Recommended,211820,24917815,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,andreaowens25,I was really enjoying this game until the first update was released. After that the game began to crash randomly and when i would boot it back up all of my save data was gone. None of the updates since has remedied this problem. I've done the first four missions at least ten times now. There are plenty of people having no problems but for me this game is broken. Buyer beware.
76561198096012797,Not Recommended,211820,24781160,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Ridge,"Back in this game's beta, I really enjoyed it, as it was a game purely focused around exploration and making sure you didn't die while you did it. It had so much content I could even look past the persistant windowed mode bug (I couldn't change the game to fullscreen). Now that the game has released, so much of the content based around exploration has either been immensely watered down, or cut from the game. And I might have continued to tolerate these horrible changes, however, the fullscreen bug persists, even in this fully launched version of the game, and I cannot seem to fix it. None of the suggestions I found onlline have worked, and since the top bar of the window blocks the action bar at the top of the screen, and the quit button is impossible to click since my cursor leaves the game and moves onto the toolbar when I try to click it (I have to CTRL + ALT + DLT out of the game), the game is extremely frustrating to play, and is no longer fun. I kinda wish that I had refunded the game while I had the chance, however, why would I have done that since it used to be fun in it's beta and alpha versions."
76561198006879717,Not Recommended,211820,24735866,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,123,"they could call it update 0.1 and the old versions 1.0the only game that remove stuff each updatemonster are the same in each plants,before that monsters was procedurally generated,now not more that 30 monsters that are same,so many stuff as been removed,boses, monster all the sectors,ores ,alot of progression that keep the game interesting ,dungens and much more ,the game is not the same ,still trying to find out why.still a good game ,worth 15 dollars ,could be alot better if they keeped the old stuff that make the game such a good adventurous game.patch 1.06.5/10old version9/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,24655163,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SciLog1c,"So, you get 3-6 hours of gameplay(main story line) basically, rest is travelling through ""random quality content"" aka countless stars, and you can do it until you die from boredom.Bonus - you can entertain yourself by building colonies, cool houses and stuff like that.What have developers been doing for past 3 years? It's a big mystery for me.You may want to get in on sale with -75% or so."
76561197970415104,Not Recommended,211820,24511829,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Huillam,"I'll keep it short: Trying to sell ""this"" as a ready-to-release game is no more than a scam.Not only does the game features less content than it did two years ago in early alpha but not a single piece of the actual content have been properly implemented: everything is rigged with bugs, bad designs or simply untested (I can't even imagine how that is possible after two years of open beta)."
,Not Recommended,211820,29682844,Posted: 3 February,all,faggor king of gaystonia,imagine if terraria was in space and also not a good game
,Recommended,211820,20096880,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,FireMario,"It's been 4 days since Christmas, 1 of those days has been spent playing Starbound. And  I don't mean I played it for 8 hours that day, I have played it for 24 hours in the span of 4 days. This game is amazing!"
76561198044354348,Not Recommended,211820,24502595,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Variablemania,"Badly optimized; low & fluctuating framerates on rigs that have no trouble playing more demanding games. Apparently players that bought into Early Access say it ran better back then. There is troubleshooting advice for low fps on the pcgamingwiki page for Starbound; if all of that doesn't help and you passed 2 hours of playtime, you're S.O.L. I can't recommend anyone buy this just on the technical points, and after years of EA there are still QoL complaints like inventory UI constantly resetting position & item descriptions going offscreen."
,Not Recommended,211820,24765364,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Baisch,"Don't play this game. You will suffer a lot. Lots of game breaking bugs and lack of support makes it an awful experience after you play some of it. I lost 2 save games already, the game crashes randomly, the inicial missions are♥♥♥♥♥♥and makes you repeat them multiple times because of bugs, losing everything because of bugs is not fine. Not polished for a full release and lacks RPG content.The game is fun, but the bugs just makes it impossible to have fun with it. I have a great PC for gaming, with Skylake processors and GTX 1080 and the game crashes randomly without any reason, and thats not my PC, the other games are just fine.I don't think this game is worth playing right now."
,Not Recommended,211820,25488514,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mister Darke,"There is NO Pause. And, yes, I know about the CHEATS like ""/admin"" to turn off damage. There is NO excuse to not have a pause function in single-player mode. NO EXCUSE.Dear Dev: You NEED to make a note of this deal-breaking ""feature"" in your game's description before wasting people's time with this game.Thnanks SO much for wasting the half-week to week that it's going to take me to get my money back from Steam for this Garbage."
76561198043111952,Not Recommended,211820,13515912,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KIAHL,"A fun game with a lot of promise, Starbound has enough content and enjoyment that I was not disappointed in playing it. However my dissapointment comes from the promise that Starbound and its development once had, now bogged down in a lack of updates and content that has never evolved past the ""early access"" it is supposed to move forward from. On the one hand I had a lot of fun with my ""Terraria in space"", but on the other hand this is the game that put me off on the concept of ""early access"" as a whole.UPDATE MAY 10 2015Alright, I decided to give Starbound another go, so let's have a Revisit Review.So, in terms of stuff they have added, there have been improved microdungeons (a lot more common with some unique stuff to find), as well as a streamlined progression; The game is a lot more linear than it previously was but the upside to this is that there is a lot more focus. You have missions to complete, boss levels you can work on, and some unique areas to visit from this. The downside of this is that the open-endedness of the game is lost, and as such you essentially HAVE to follow the path the game gives you in order to progress; You can't go onto irradiated worlds that have the ores you need until you complete mission A, B, and C in that order.There is also an interesting hub area in the game, an outpost area that provides smaller missions  and the main ones as well, as well as opportunities to buy certain items from shops. This area is nice but feels tacked on at this point, as apart from the missions the items there (with the exception of the signs and the teleporters) are pretty much common.Hunger and temperature have been removed from the game, which I feel the game is less for. With the aforementioned missions giving you the ""shield"" to arbitrarily protect you from cold or heat, with going on these planets without the shield being boiled down to the same status effect as the poison. Without hunger too the food feels a lot less necessary, and the variety and cooking that you can do with all the food in the game having no purpose except for what you choose to create (stims and health packs heal much better than food).There are a few more additions and removals from the game, but essentially what I have described are changes that have fixed the symptoms but not the problem that this game faces. After completing my missions I was right back to the same endgame that I experienced prior to the big overhaul, with nothing to do and very little variety to find. As before, my main goal was to build a Coruscant-like planet, but had to abandon it when the game's framerate went down to a crawl (don't really want to fault the game for that although it was just for my homeworld). Basically, the game still doesn't have a sense of direction or identity that it wants to be. It started out as open-world but have become quite linear with the missions that were added. It has a lot of items and enemy variety aesthetically but practically there are only a few different types of enemies and items. Mining and exploring are still a chore, with too much time staring at your character drilling into the ground for anything large-scale you would like to do. And it is still early access; this has been a very long time with very little progress throughout. Although they have done a fair amount of overhauling in the recent update(s) it has now started to slow back to what it was, which is troubling.Although it is a great game and I do feel I got my money's worth, I still cannot recommend the game. There is just too troubling looking at the developer's progress and the lack of direction with this game. Although it can be a great distraction and is a good game, it is hard not to see the promise and potential that this game once had."
76561197990921513,Recommended,211820,9040262,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,seblecaribou,"I played a lot of Starbound two/three years ago and I just started playing (a lot) of it recently. So here is my two cents about it.At its core, Starbound is pretty much Minecraft in 2D and in space. It's an open-world survival sandbox game that lets you visit 18 quintillions star systems (lol). The big feature here is the fact that you can visit 80-90% of the planets in these systems. Each one has a dominant biom, a level of threat and specific day and night cycle. Each planet can spawn a variety of monsters mostly procedurally created. And each planet has its own set of, backgrounds trees, vines, dirt etc. Each planet can also be inhabited by one of the races you can start the game as. All these races have two sets of NPCs you can meet on the planets: an aggressive one that you encounter mostly in procedurally generated dungeons, and a friendly one that will give you small quests, that you meet in villages.-Regrets from the past:I would say that the early access builds were more heavy on the procedurally generated content and sandbox gameplay. The planets were not systematically inhabited, the dungeons where less identical, and there were not much interactions with NPCs. Now you have the pre-made monsters that you can find in systems far away from each other which is bizarre, the main quest that ""forces"" you to find and analyse each civilization (even when you already met them before the main quest arrives at that point) and it's almost impossible to find a planet without at least one camp with NPCs in it.That last one in particular is kind of jarring because part of the fun of exploring in Starbound came from the unknown; you were not sure you would find something, so finding something was a big deal in itself. Now it's more about finding exactly what you are searching for, not about finding something at all.-Enjoyment from the present:On the other hand, I think the team did a pretty good job balancing the light traditional rpg aspect of the game with the sandbox game-design of the beginning. The content is still plethoric and wether you are more about trading goods to make money, farming (litterally), exploring, building, Starbound is a great playground for all of this. The main-story, though a bit (to be nice) shallow makes for nice little pouches of more linear gameplay from time to time, with dungeons and bosses made by the devs themselves; even though I don't like the fact that you can't mine in these dungeon, they can give an enjoyable break. They also bring in more backstory for the races which can help for roleplayers that like the scientific part of the game. In that type of game, I love to make a huge base where I catalog all my findings; with a gigantic greenhouse for the trees and plants, a zoo for the monsters, a museum of natural history...and I can do that in that game. One thing that I really enjoy in that regard is the excavation mini-game that lets you find a variety of fossils you can then put in you own little display stands. I always get a kick out of finding one while mining, because you can't know what you will find until you get it out of the wall. And getting it out of the wall is not always easy. It adds to the exploration and gives me one more reason to go down caverns to mine stuff.And the interactions with NPCs, that can accompany you in your ship or that you can put in colony, or that you can work for in some (admittedly) mmoesque fetching and killing quests, all these helps having interest in the lore of the game. If it isn't a priority for you, you don't have to do it  except for the very start of the game that will give you a couple of interesting abilities. Once you have your double jump, your morph-ball and dash, you can do whatever you want. I think the main quest is overall a good addition for people who need a bit of focus to evolve and start doing stuff in that type of open games. And since it isn't required at all (weapons and upgrades can be found anywhere else while exploring) it's not much of a problem for the rest of the players.So the game still is really system heavy, and roleplaying comes both from the player's realm of possibilities and from the traditional, surely a bit bland, narrative and social interactive part of the game.Oh and did I mention that you can capture the unique creatures of the game and use them in combat? That's pretty fun too!TL;DRThough I don't know if I love Starbound now for the exact same reasons I loved it when I first played it two years ago, I still thinks it's a fantastic game. A couple of things bothers me in the released game, it still is my favorite Minecraft-like game. There is so much to do I just lose track of time, and playing it with friends is an absolute blast. I whole-heartedly recommand it!"
76561198018453980,Not Recommended,211820,14215310,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Osiris,"Another example of ""early access"" to a product that will never be finished.Glacial development after receiving tons of cash.Moving to expensive new offices and starting other projects with the money thatpeople invested into this game.I have completely lost confidence in the developers of Starbound and I will not purchase anyother products they are attached to."
,Recommended,211820,25045124,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Annywho,"I bought this game because I was told its better then no man's sky, which i thought was ridiculous, untill i saw the♥♥♥♥♥♥storm that quickly became, so rather then spending 60$ on a walking simulator, i bought this, and as Murray keeps fueling the♥♥♥♥♥♥storm i can honestly say I’m glad i got this instead,over all the same concepts as NMS except it actually has it and it's 2D"
76561198113205128,Not Recommended,211820,26344997,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,The Joe Penn,"Let me just say, I'm saddened greatly by this game. I bought it years ago, when it was in early beta and I watched as it grew and evolved. I wanted so desperately to love it now like I did back then, it was unfinished, unpolished and generally a bit lacking but it actually ran. Now after official release it just won't run. It's a slide show. I've tried everything from messing with Vsync, playing it on a couple different system and it's just not optimized. Somehow it got worse from late beta to release. It's literally unplayable in this state so I hope Cucklefish fix it someday or hire someone to fix it. From what I've gathered over the past few years the dev team is mostly artists so perhaps they could have a third party come in and help them get it together but until that happens I'm gonna shelf this and would recommend you do too. Hopefully we get a return to the glory days but I'm not holding my breath."
76561198043633623,Not Recommended,211820,32304520,Posted: 9 June,all,Dooshgasm™,"I wanted to like starbound, but I can't.There's a lot of cool ideas in it, I love how the tech works, and how theres been a lot of updates, but I hate that:They scrapped their only innovative mechanic: ColdTheir ""random"" generation, is choose one of like 4 trees, and a handful of like 20 animals, and then randomize the colors. Theres never anything truly unique.The combat system is really clunky, and energy is the source for all of your attacks.The armor system is really lackluster, just basic stat increases, with no real specialization.They added some cool townmaking stuff in it too, but they don't really do anything interesting, besides give you an option to play through the game, without fighting all the time.I mean it's an okay game. But it just feels so unoptimized compared to something like terraria. It's a good playthrough, but I'd reccomend sticking to other games of the genre."
76561198021371041,Not Recommended,211820,25395835,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,EmeX,"Disclaimer: this is my first review, and the reason I'm writing this is that the line between ""good"" and ""bad"" game is not so visible to a person who is not familiar with Starbound, and therefore I feel obligated to end my juorney with Starbound like this.OverviewStarbound got into Early Access in 4th of December 2013. Before that, the lead developer Tiy had formally announced Starbound in February 2012, and a kickstater-esque pre-order opening was launched on April 2013. Starbound was released on 22 of July, 2016, when it had been on development for over five years.SynopsisStarbound sets you up in a planet with no other resources except your ingenuity and a Matter Manipulator, a clever tool used to harvest wood and ore for your use. As you get familiar with the crafting, you notice that the interface is a bit clunky and finding what you'd like to make gets harder as the game progresses and you are given more crafting recipes. The planet you're on contains many secrets, such as dungeons and chests for you to explore. The procedural generation gives a noticeable difference to all planets, and even though certain biomes on different planets look the same, there is a difference in my opinion. After you have explored the planet you're on, you can teleport back to your ship and find a new planet in your current system, or use space fuel to travel into other systems. As you progress, your stuff gradually gets upgraded from medieval style to sci-fi.The game progressionStarbound has many different resources obtained trough different ways, like farming and mining. Although all the planets are beatiful and have something to explore, the player wants to progress in the game; getting better armor and survival gear is necessary. However, once you notice that making some armor requires cotton, your nice and perilous adventure in the planet's core isn't as nice as it was. It's good that Starbound doesn't hold hands on telling you where to find certain items, but that brings me to one of my strong points on my critique: exploring isn't fun if that exploration doesn't guarantee you to progress, and on the other hand progression is meaningless if nothing changes. Unfortunately Starbound achieves both of these bad points, even though it seems that it tries so hard not to.There is no guarantee that a dungeon has something rare for you, or if it does, it's stuff like one or two pieces of matter manipulator modules. Which you need a lot more if you hope to upgrade your manipulator. On the other hand, when you find your items you need to progress, you're thrown into more dangerous planets but the premise is still the same: find out what stuff you need to upgrade your crafting stations, dig deep, don't die. Return, notice there's a resource you need but don't know what that is, get frustrated. Also, building shelter / a fancy house to yourself serves no use, as you need to switch planets to progress; meaning you need to bookmark that planet to return to your nice dwelling.Starbound tries so hard to not be repetetive it's almost funny. I understand that these procedural concepts are really hard, but that is not an excuse if you have five years to polish your game.DevelopmentThe story of Starbound is like a children's fairytale to indie developers. There's the good things, the bad things, and the moral of the story. The good things in my opinion are the promising setting, full mod support and enough customization to feel that you are truly unique.The bad things: Let's just say that I don't want myself to get cencored by Mollygos or Tiy. There is evidence of that, there is evidence of Tiy shilling the game in reddit with alternate users, there is evidence of people getting banned in the official forums for asking how their product is progressing. I strongly suggest every reader to dig bit deeper into this, it's actually pretty funny how this thing was managed. Like the combat system was revised at least three times. Also, the design failures that had been reflected to Steam include a period where Starbound had not had a patch in one year. When Starbound was in Early Access. The excuses to this include stuff like moving into an office in London and what have you. Some games stay in Early Access for a year and they get released. Starbound was in early access for almost three years.The moral of the story is that you should respect your playerbase, keep your promises especially if you receive money for a product that doesn't exist yet, and that doing freelancer work without any guarantees is a coin flip. I do not personally feel this way, but Tiy has been described from various sources as being ""egomaniac"". Take it as you will.Should you buy this game?If you like repetetiveness, go ahead. If you like illusion of progression, go ahead. However, Starbound is still to me an unfinished product with broken promises of features, and most likely will be forever. My own personal opinion is that you should not buy this game, or any future titles from Chucklefish without those titles being of exceptional quality, and nominated for Game of the Year in mainstream reviews."
76561198049309011,Not Recommended,211820,17254407,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,shedbed,"Boring, linear, stupid pointless quests. If you're going to buy a 2D sandbox game, get Terraria instead.EDIT: Will change review once I ""beat"" the game (if you can even beat it)EDIT: Review still stands after 1.0, but the bosses were pretty fun."
76561198089140152,Not Recommended,211820,24850988,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Plasmier,"tldr;Just buy Terraria, its slightly cheaper and has alot more content. Listed under is all the hate I have for Starbound.-I played through this game with a friend and I would like to say that multiplayer is not""stable"". If you ever start the main questline in multiplayer, it will completely ruin your singleplayer experience with that character. You become unable to continue the questline in singleplayer and unlocks related to those quests become limited to the server you were playing on (I have not tested this with multiple servers, but it may just be the same.)Another big complaint is the amount of loot in multiplayer. Theres only enough loot made for one player per server, so have fun trying to play with 4 people. This can encourage players to explore other planets on their own while onanotherpersons server, which kills the purpose of multiplayer.-Bosses in multiplayer are too easy, not that they weren't already easy. Theres no scaling which makes them easy to take down with 2+ people. Boss achievements are also only rewarded to whoever gets the killing blow.-Combat in Starbound is clunky, and sometimes just boring. Sometimes swords don't hit enemies properly, but that might just be the fact that smaller enemies have incredibly small hitboxes. I've experienced my spear not being able to hit enemies if they are too close.Then theres the energy system, oh how I loathe it. Energy is used for special attacks and is a replacement for ammo when using ranged weapons. With no way to easily regenerate energy during combat, you will have to sit out of battle for a good 3 seconds to wait for energy to recharge if you use only ranged weapons. This is even worse with the delay you experience when switching weapons that won't allow you to attack for another 2 seconds, crippling ranged weapons even more.Ranged weapons generally do alot more damage then melee, so it kind of evens out, but the attack delay is a real pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-The main Questline revolves around playing Where's Waldo, but is alot less fun. You need to run around with your scanner in an exotic settlement to find things that are glowing green to scan. I had to explore3planets to complete the first part of the quest, which I considered to just be a waste of time. Rinse and repeat 4 more times, fun.Other quests are have no variety, it either requires you to plant seeds, kill some cultists, or is an escort mission.-Other-Because of how Starbound's hotbar works with left-hand and right-hand slots, it makes you only able to hold 6 different sets of items(not including the matter manipulator). To fix this issue, they allow you to access a 2nd hotbar by pressing ""X"". I'm not sure why they couldn't just fit 10 slots on the hotbar like any other game.The idea with the dual wielding is nice, but the hotbar systems definitely needs to be reworked.-Food items cannot be stacked because of their individual rot timers. This needs to be reworked as well. there is a mod that fixes this, but I shouldn't have to install mods to fix a simple problem.-Crafting can take a LONG time. Want to make 200 peices of glass? Oh ok, that'll just take a second each. REALLY? REALLY? Is it so wrong to make crafting instant? I dont want to sit here and wait as my character makes a few hundred peice of glass or healing salves. Some late tier armour can take a good 30 seconds.-Vehicles are hard to control, (with the exception of the boat) and are utterly useless. On top of that, vehicles are some of the most expensive items in the game. There are only 4 vehicles available for purchase, and 3 of them are the same hoverbikes that are just reskinned.-Dialogue from NPC's cannot be skipped or fast forwarded. You must wait until there is little prompt notifying you to press ""E"" flashing on the dialogue to be able to bypass it. I usually end up reading the text 3 times over before I can continue.-There is no way store pixels(game currency) without atleast losing a portion of it in return.Vendors in game are generally expensive enough so that pixels earned from killing normal mobs and from the ""pots"" are meaningless. The only way to earn a good stash of pixels is to sell cosmetic items and weapons.Game should've never left beta."
,Recommended,211820,23518256,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,overly-confident trash,You can be a medieval robot space pirate from Galoba Viru II10/10
,Not Recommended,211820,18391454,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,BlackandWhite,"Was a great game had so many boss battles loot was everywhere and everything was simple. Now they took away the survival and added this story that in my opinion it doesnt need. Took away the boss battles that were so fun and difficult made pickaxes and drills useless and added all this questing that no one wants , but for some reason the devs cant understand this. Unless they change this game back to what it used to be i wouldnt recommend it now its a grind that gives you nothing"
,Recommended,211820,21917836,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,muffintop,Welcome to Starbound Early Access - where the combat is made up and the quests don't matter.Seriously though: this game is fun. One of the few early access games i've supported and one of the ones that has had the most drastic changes over the past couple of years.  I can't wait to see where they take this game in the future.
,Recommended,211820,9753438,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Cool Kid 「Thrillho」,Space Terraria
76561198092054160,Not Recommended,211820,24845355,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,༼༽Shadrakor༼༽,"I want to give a positive review for this game, but there are just too many downsides. Nearly any good aspect of the game I can think of is accompanied by a major drawback. Here's just some examples off the top of my head;Procedural quests abound! :Dbut hardly any quests in the outpost D:New storyline :Dthat has no impact whatsoever on the rest of the universe D:Crew members :Dwith practically no customization (and arguably next to no individuality) D:Procedural monsters :D""oh look, this one's blue this time..."" D:A decently wide variety of weaponry to choose from :Dyou'll only ever use that one two handed sword you found three literal days ago D:That's not even mentioning the performance issues that so many people, myself included, have encountered playing this game. I literally got 15 max FPS during the credits.In my opinion there's no real reason to play the game again as one of the other races if you've already beat it once. The only thing that will truly be different is your ship and the planets you fly it to. Everything else is practically identical, and that's one of the bigger concerns I've seen over space exploration games (to be topical, it was a major concern about No Man's Sky when they started talking about it months ago)Do I think Starbound has potential? Yes, and it has a lot of it! Would I recommend this game now in its current state? Only if you aren't afraid of disappointement. And yeah, you could probably still get a good 20 hours out of the game at least (not including time spent during other versions of the game), but after that there isn't anything to do unless you mod it."
,Not Recommended,211820,21386282,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,[TBAC] Sh4d0w [NL] 🏃,its a bit death. MP works not good.. -> no servers from starbound..that sucks!No 'run and host' server.. Like other games..+ fun+ cheating with console :)- Boring in a few our.-devs are slow with updates..
76561198009793029,Not Recommended,211820,24492260,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Longshoreman X,"The UI has gone from clunky but serviceable to clunky and awkward. The combat is sluggish and more of a chore due to the   mechanics not taking into account spawn rates. The harder than casual difficulty levels are more frustrating than challenging. The game has thresholds that must be overcome in order progress yet relies on randomnimity to avoid endless grinding. Overcoming the threshholds leads to more grinding. It looks nice, and nothing else."
76561198035658201,Not Recommended,211820,24479691,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Nuwave042,"This game had so much promise when I started backing it, and it still has so much promise.Sadly, despite five years in development limbo, it does not deliver.Cast your minds back, three or so years if I recall correctly. I was an innocent young lad going about my day to day business, when my friend sends me a message telling me about this new game in development. It's called ""Starbound"", and it looks like Terraria in space, but with so much more to it - an endless, infinite universe. I'm entranced, and I buy the crap out of it. Playing through early versions, I can tell it's rough but has promise, so much promise.I check back every now and again, seeing how things develop. Things are looking good. I play a few hours here and there, but there always seems to be something missing. Something missing which, I assume, will eventually be added in.Fast forward to today, and there's still something missing. I still can't quite put my finger on it. Haven't played very much of the new version, since my characters were all wiped (after being promised this wouldn't happen, but hey, these things happen).Anyway, good things first. Starbound is a game with a fantastic atmosphere. I love the art style, the music is grand and the snarky comments on every single item in the game really pull me in to this living, breathing universe.Sadly, everything else pulls me right out. The controls are floaty, so I fall to my death over and over again. The combat is absolutely awful (and others have already elaborated on that far better than I could). The UI is a joke, and contributes to maybe half of my (many many many) deaths as I frantically try to swap to a sword and end up limply patting my enemy with a stick of corn. I've experienced recurring lag with enemies, even though I'm playing singleplayer (I'm taken to believe this is a fairly common issue).The universe is massive, yet so shallow that it could probably bring a tear to Todd Howard's eye (take that, Bethesda). There's no reason to stay on any planet for longer than necessary, essentially making every planet an identical ""fetch what you need and move forward"" half hour outing (simultaneously removing the feeling of slow-paced wonder that comes from exploration). Dungeons aren't very interesting, in my opinion. Railroaded linear quests absolutely destroy any sort of natural progression which is usually fairly necessary in an open sandbox game.That's not to say I haven't enjoyed Starbound. There are moments of absolute brilliance tucked away in the game. Exploring new planets can be awesome if you tune out the fact that it's only cosmetically any different from the last one - the massive amount of varying art assets are a high point, and I give immense credit to the game's artists. The same goes for building a base (though in earlier versions I always used admin commands to give myself an unlimited amount of construction materials). I like the ability to make homes for settlers, and build a large town.All in all, Starbound had so much promise. Promise that seems to have been more or less wasted in favour of working on small additions and not really working on the major 'feel' of the game, if that makes sense (I mean, spaceship pets? Really? Why?). I still have hope for the future of the game (especially with mods), but at the moment it just feels empty. I love the game, and loathe the game. I've gone on for quite a while now, so I should probably end here - Starbound is a brilliant concept badly realised. I wish the devs luck on improving it, but it seems like it's too far gone by now.One small caveat: Starbound isn't as similar to Terraria as many are saying. For one thing, Terraria is consistently quite good."
,Not Recommended,211820,16459877,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,The Entire Population of Russia,"If you're considering buying this game because of the game play it offers, You should actually buy terraria instead.If you have terraria and want this game because its similar but you're bored with terraria, you'll play this game for 5 min, then wish you were just playing terraria. ebola/10"
76561198046057933,Not Recommended,211820,30264775,Posted: 1 March,all,Potato,"I first played this game when it was in early acces, so I didn't play much of the game after it was taken out of early access. Most of my playtime of this game after the full release was spent grinding resources for the missions. I played through the first three missions. My only complaint for this game is the boss fights. The ones that I played through seemed to followed a pattern:1. Dodge the boss' attacks2. Make them vulnerable3. Attack4. RepeatThe third fight even skips step 2. The boss fights alone were the reason why I stopped playing after the third mission. I just didn't feel rewarded for all the grinding that I had to do, and this is coming from someone who has over 800 hours in Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,8194429,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Quexten,"Starbound is a really good plattforming sandbox game that gave me many fun ours and will continue to do so. Especially in Multiplayer with a bunch of friends, when you build up citys, explore planets, raid dungeons and fight bosses this game shines. The time i already played was well worth the money and i wont stop playing for now. I can only recommend this game :)"
76561198075026150,Recommended,211820,8470802,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,fenicex,"Great expetation for this game , can t wait for full game."
,Recommended,211820,8954745,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Vidya,"I've been playing this game for some time now, I got it while in early access back in 2014.At first I was worried that the developers had abandoned the game to work on other ones.However they came back and continued to develop, eventually we reach 1.0I love the game in the current state despite some issues and bugs.The new story mode is nice to have. Some features they included could really use enhancement.As a previous user mentioned, there is a ""broken loop"" within the game. However, I'm sure the developers will continue to work on this title and I hope to see so in the future."
76561198033643137,Recommended,211820,7932102,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,krooloo,"My hopes were pretty high up there for this one.Quite honestly none of the hyped games lived up to the imaginary standards set by our own brains, right? Well, wrong.This is everything I was hyped about and more. As I write this, I'm still on my first planet, but the complexity and abundance of the content is pretty mindblowing.It's hard to tell it's early access, as it seems rather polished. And on top of things, it's very pretty both in audio and in arts.Lovely game, go ahead and get your hands on it."
76561198042937283,Recommended,211820,17742531,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Steven,Game IS COOOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLLL
,Recommended,211820,7985295,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Bricktop,"This is a beta game that I can highly recommend. If you enjoyed Terraria, then you'll instantly fall in love with this games environments, characters, and crafting tools. It's all very familiar to the previous game yet it's far more exciting. With the ability to jump between planets and discover new worlds, and alien life, the content in this game already feels limitless. Since it's still in beta, you can expect there to be the occasional crash. After 14 hours of play time, I have experienced 2 such game crashes. When I reloaded, all of my content was still there so it was a minor annoyance at most. Definitely pick this up if you enjoyed Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,8419011,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Cool Lamp,"Starbound is a game that implores you to explore different atmospheres of gaming such as crafting, fighting, building, and being able to survive in harsh conditions. Due to Starbound being in the beta phase, there are a few problems with the game, such as glitches, random game crashes, long loading screens, and long amounts of grinding to obtain materials. However, these qualities are slowly being transitioned into more tolerable metas, which will allow new and old players to experience a more friendly game.Pros:-Hours of fun-Great building system-Customization is top notch-There are fun little trinkets such as instruments-Overall a very creative gameCons:-Hours of grinding to get decent armor and materials-Bosses are very powerful-Guns are hard to find without coordinates-Random bugs (Keep in mind that it's only beta though)FINAL VERDICT: Overall, I would recommend this game. Here's why:Starbound brings so much to the table in beta with constant updates and hours of fun and creativity. If Chucklefish continues in the right direction with this, then we'll see even better gameplay.Rating:Gameplay 8.5/10Creativity 10/10Graphics 8/10Quality 9/10OVERALL RATING: 9/10"
76561198043461591,Recommended,211820,8322588,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kitava,"This games may seem too simple to the naked eye, but the freedom it provides  players with is enormous. Can you imagine what it would be like to travel across different planets, finding differents kinds of resources and alien monsters? That's is precisely what this game allows you to do! Your money won't be wasted, believe me, also, new content is expected to be provided at a fast pace due to the simplicity of creating 2d graphics."
,Recommended,211820,7950385,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Todd Howard,"The greatest game i have ever played, join me and my magic spess bus so we may travel the seven squid"
,Recommended,211820,32867727,Posted: 27 June,all,Elk,Haha yes very good game for people who can pour a lot of hours on dis game
,Recommended,211820,8862206,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SP | Chiaggi,"Great game, very similar to Terraria but with mroe advanced technologies and concepts, a bigger world, and many worlds, and a lot more playable options. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8325290,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nom I Eat You,"If you like games that you get to explore, create, destroy, and do anything that your heart desires. Then I would say this would be one of the best examples out there. Want to go see whats in this vast desert of mystery? You can. Want to just fly to some crazy tentacle planet? You can. Want to have the most fun you will have in a long time? Well i will let you answer that last one for yourself. :P"
,Recommended,211820,8746984,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Minimanx22,"It's like Terreria but in spaaaaaaace! Highly recomend it, worth every penny."
76561197976259471,Recommended,211820,7955802,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AZSLIMJIM,"Although a lot of people compared Starbound to  a wannabe Terraria, it is actually pretty different. It feels similar and has a same basis, but has many new and improved features. The big thing that Starbound tries to do differently, is everything in the game is made randomly, not just the enviroment (which may consist of purple dirt and pine trees with cloud needles), but also the weapons and their stats, the creatures that you battle, and some of the other aspects. It expands by adding in Research trees for equipment, so you cannot jsut find a meteorite and have mid-game gear early on. It also adds in survival mechanics that add more depth, you need to stay warm, and eat to survive (although there is no real penalty for not doing so other than respawning at your ship) Also, in a similar fashion to Terraria, it is going to recieve content updates and patches over a long period. It adds a quest system, friendly and enemy NPC's, and rather than building your town, there are different faction villages scattered around. It is everything you would love in Terraria, pumped up on steroids, and then loaded with a lot of new features. Definitely worth the $15!9.5/10Edit: It has already received three major updates after being out for a week (at 500-700 Mb a piece, and the game is only 2.5or 3 Gb) They fix any issues very quickly and are adding new content at the same time"
,Recommended,211820,9887257,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Your Casual Fox,I forgot this was beta! This game is amazing will play more
,Recommended,211820,33162741,Posted: 2 July,all,Azusa,Beautiful Soundtrack
76561198394549985,Recommended,211820,33036097,Posted: 30 June,all,Eragon,"This game is awesome, check it out, maybe we can play sometime!"
76561198038866695,Recommended,211820,9148844,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,ajaxunlimited,"If you've played Terraria or Minecraft, you will absolutely LOVE this game. Granted, it's in early beta, but the more patches it gets, the better it is! Buy this game!"
,Recommended,211820,7985601,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,ian1,"If you enjoy Terraria, and you enjoy space travel - you will definitely enjoy this game."
,Recommended,211820,7958650,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,is not an instrument,"Well, it's like Terraria but with infinite worlds, many quests, tones of dungeons, waaay more customization, better melee systems, and much more. It's also very smooth when it comes to moving, placing blocks, and animations. There are probably already 20x as many building blocks allowing you to create a wide range of structures.Even though it's in beta, and early access. It's already way too good to be there.Overall, it's Terraria on steroids.did I mention my spaceship is a flying Castle-Prision?"
,Recommended,211820,9760382,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,[B]oneless [B]izza,e
,Recommended,211820,8262076,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Astiral,"The game has room for Improvement, and bugs certainly do exsist, but all in all this game for me and my friends was everything Terrira WASN'T."
,Recommended,211820,7946363,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CodeX,Awesome!
,Recommended,211820,8217953,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,東京農家,"Amazing game, I had terraria, and can say that this game in its beta stages is better than the newest update of terraria. Its moving along with impressive speed, frequent updates, thorough content developement, there's tons to do. If you liked terraria but always wanted something more from it...the game is here. The time is now."
76561198042499185,Recommended,211820,8099687,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Great Lakes Gangster,"Great game. Even if this is in Beta, its still in pretty good shape. A couple bugs here and there but its still in beta and will hopefully iprove as time passes"
,Recommended,211820,8583255,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lizardboi,"At first glance what appears to be teraria in space, but once played you will be lost in its exploratory awesomeness. a great game thats challenging and yet casual. dont buy yet though, if you dont want character wipes. (this is beta, after all). the last character wipe is mentioned to be soon though-so i would invest in this game!"
,Recommended,211820,8257186,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,1-800-DEMICAT,"Amazing game. So far the community and you guys at ChuckleFish have been working so hard to fix bugs and add awesome new content. The vast world and amount of this you can do, in the beta stage, covers up for the few problems. I love this game and have been playing it non-stop. This is going to be a BIG hit, check it out for sure!"
,Recommended,211820,8386439,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Murray,"Terraria in space - what's not to like?Let's break it down:Space ship - checkMultiple races - checkMineral mining - very checkUpgrades - checkBoss fights - checkMultiple planets - checkIndigenous aliens - checkAsteroid belts - checkMultiple sectors - checkBoringness - not checkThe second you get into Starbound, it becomes a time sink and you won't even notice until it's 5 A.M. in the morning.Doesn't sound appealing? Read the first sentence again."
,Recommended,211820,8448446,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cheesey,"The game finally seems to be coming along well. The next update looks like it will make the game go from ""Eh, It's ok"" to ""It's pretty great!"""
,Recommended,211820,9665674,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,biggymkII,"This game is fun, creative, and exciting. I love every moment of this Game. From Start, Middle , to Finish. The graphics look good, has a good game feel to it. Do not regret my purchase of this game. I highly recommend it if you like Terraria as well.9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8327598,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Mustafa,Really fun
,Recommended,211820,7972232,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TheRedShadow,Totally love this game! Their isn't anything but a few bugs i see that need fixing and such for it to be the best game and is a mix of minecraft and terraria. Which makes it even better and to be a side scroller again is awesome!
,Recommended,211820,7958006,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Lord Seananman of Lochaber,Great game.
76561198044231601,Recommended,211820,9286673,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Not your Waifu,Great game! I'd definitely consider checking it out and maybe even buying it!
76561198054662422,Recommended,211820,8788739,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Meormeonometry,K
,Recommended,211820,8978143,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Yung staple gun,"This is a great game. I don't know why this game is getting hate. it is in early beta and you can do more than a lot of games that are fully developed. there are countless things to do in starbound. There are different sectors and types of terrains and worlds with amazing randomly generated structures. at night it gets colder and different enemies come out and you need good armor to survive. on the moon you have to have something that gives you oxygen and have really good armor because there are lots of ores on the moon. all of the terrains and world have their pros and cons. there are really good designed monsters with some neutral and some aggressive. there are differnet types of weapons with different stats, they have guns in this game. and you have to use a bow or hunting knife to get leather or food. if you use another weapon you get pixels a currency used in the game or used to craft things. 10/10, would play again."
76561198031610220,Recommended,211820,7999301,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,「iGGyyy」,"This game is VERY good. While at the time I am writing this, the game is is an early beta state, the gameplay is still quite good, and very fun to play, more so with other people. As a survival game, this one sets itself apart from the saturated crowd, with a cool sci-fi setting, and quirky sense of humor that doesn't take itself too seriously. However, there are a few bugs, and the devs occasionally wipe saves when larger updates are implemented. However, this game has a very devoted developer team, who are constantly fixing bugs and adding new content to the game, and I can only imagine how good the game will be once finished. If you are okay with playing a beta, and you don't mind the occasional hiccup or character wipe, this game is a very worthwhile purchase. If you however, are not okay with the wipes/updates, as I imagine some people would not be, I would wait until the beta enters a later phase, or until full release."
76561198091392810,Recommended,211820,9671945,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,TOXIC,"I can always love a thick, fat, juicy, piece of alien meat. 10/10"
76561198180390722,Recommended,211820,33111743,Posted: 1 July,all,YummyNoodles,"Very pretty, and relaxing, the soundtrack is up there with some of the best. A lot of customization and endless worlds to explore, Highly recommend it. :)"
,Recommended,211820,8750523,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Avrora,"Starbound is love, Starbound is life"
,Recommended,211820,33188365,Posted: 3 July,all,DEWG Gaming,2D Minecraft/Terraria in space + Workshop modding.Why play any other sandbox game?
76561198046703663,Recommended,211820,9775757,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Sketch Light,I realy like this game its fun to play alown but i bet its way better to play with your Nakama. for anyone this is a must get and it is your own life in this universe. oh ya stay alive and get epic loot. or die trying
76561198272305606,Recommended,211820,33116115,Posted: 1 July,all,aj_extreme95,"If you liked Terraria you will like Starbound. I really like the increased amount of storage you can carry in your inventory compared to Terraria. I also thought it was cool how you can choose different species to play as. There is also more variation in the maps you play on which is nice. I've just started playing it today, but so far so good!"
,Recommended,211820,8554193,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Tracer Fox,"Starboundis a 2D plat-former space exploration game based on almost immeasurable amounts of procedurally generated planets and moons to discover each with their own unique mixtures of atmospheres, landscapes, life-forms, communities, dungeons and more just waiting for you to explore. This game gives the player a HUGE universe to explore at their own leisure not knowing what they are going to face next, whether it is a peaceful moon filled with friendly creatures and beautiful scenery or a deadly dark planet with nowhere to hide.There are currently six different races to choose from (in this stage of the game) each with their own abilities and forms and furthermore you can edit the appearances of each race to match your taste then beam down to your first random planet or moon that the game has chosen for you. This adds individuality to every player’s play-through of the game and even more so when you log into multiplayer servers filled with other players.When on your first world, you need to gather resources and build a shelter in order for you to survive and upgrade yourself to battle against different creatures, other races and bosses which you will need to defeat to unlock further resources to better yourself for future challenges. There are many different tools, weapons and armours including racial armours that are unique to the race you are playing as to help you on your way.I would certainly recommend this game to those who have played (or not) and enjoyed the two fantastic and famous games that areTerrariaandMinecraftas they all have their similarities but at the same time distinctively different and Starbound is no exception, it definitely deserves a place in your game library.As this game is currently in Beta, it does have it's issues, however it can only get bigger and better.Great game."
76561198012414500,Not Recommended,211820,10359390,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,xayl,"Nice game but, regardless of the excuses of the devs, the last real update was 5 months ago so until they start working...no wait wrong term...start actual patching the game there is no reason to throw money at them.Edit: Nice. now they send mods into the steamforums to censor it so you potential customers dont get to see the darker side of Chucklefish..."
,Recommended,211820,7966101,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Snowballs⛧,Waited for this game since it was announced. Worth every penny.
76561198066022027,Recommended,211820,8030995,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[RCL]BritishGamma,amazing game gg and loads of amazing music
,Recommended,211820,9060979,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Qinji,"Don't listen to people when they say it's like Terraria.  Well, it is...kinda...on the surface.  Afterall, it IS made by the lead sprite designer on Terraria.  But play it and you'll find that it is much much more.  As per what the developers say: extremely playable and contains a vast amount of content...AND HOW!!! So much to see, so much to do...I've clocked 132 hours in a small number of days and I'm still finding new things to explore and discover, and that's not mentioning the creative aspect of the game either.  And it's only in it's beta stage with a lot more content in the works.Oh man, so addicted!"
,Recommended,211820,8192631,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sky_Dragonsz,Starbound is a fantastic game.Enjoyable with friends or just alone!Every planet is a new adventure!
,Recommended,211820,9130571,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kava,My computer only has 2 gigs of ram on it (Im buying a new one soon) and this game actually runs very fast believe or not the game is in depth with the space travel and the thought of a open world survival game i was looking for a game like this for a while now and im still suprised my computer can actually support the damn thing!
,Recommended,211820,33464186,Posted: 11 July,all,Agent Orange,"After playing more than 100h of this game, it's time to write a review.So, where do I start? This game has so much content and replayability. You can choose how to play this game, whether you play through the main quest, explore the universe, raid other ships, colonize planets, build stuff, create your own space station, explore NPC settlements, board friendly ships and space stations, investigate space anomalies, fight in dungeons, or do everything just mentioned with multiple friends! The possiblities are near endless, you won't get bored. Starbound also lets you use your characters in single- and multiplayer, you don't need to create a new one just to play with your friends. If you do somehow get bored, you can modify your experience with a myriad of mods provided by the community, thanks to easy modability. Another positive aspect is the fact that the devs really care about this game and update it ever so often, adding cool new features in the process (for example the last update added the ability to create mechs and use them to raid ships, explore anomalies and enter space stations).All in all, Starbound is a great sandbox game that is easily worth its price. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8872851,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,WittySkeleton,Best description I've heard of Starbound? Furniture Theft Simulator 2014.
,Recommended,211820,27356577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ness1228,"I wanted to write this based on my emotions and how I feel; it probably won't be helpful to most.I've always wanted to play Starbound, but I never could because my old laptop couldn't run it (despite it meeting the minimum requirements). The idea of adventuring through space and having my own ship has always been a dream of mine. Lots of time passed, and I got a gaming laptop which ran the game just fine.A week after I got my new computer, my cat died. I loved him more than anything. For a while, I didn't feel like doing anything. In an attempt to fight off my overwhelming depression, I decided to try booting up Starbound to get my mind off things and just let myself sink into the immersive explorative universe of Starbound. One of the first thing I noticed is that, right off the bat, you get a pet cat on your ship. He sleeps, meows and follows you around.Each time I beam back onto my ship, the cat comes running up to me and I interact with him each time, seeing the heart of appreciation; it's very reminiscent of how my cat would come running to the door whenever I got back home. It's like he'll always be with me on my adventures."
76561198031054953,Recommended,211820,9675161,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Amdis,"I played Starbound for quite some time now and i must say it was worth my money. Fun singleplayer and fun multiplayer,its a more sci-fi version of terraria. If you liked Terraria I think you will like this game even more. It has so much feactures but it isnt even done yet.. Very promising game totaly worth you money."
,Recommended,211820,10381699,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dynamic_spy,"I just can't stop playing this game! Its too much fun, never ending! 10/10"
76561198037462522,Not Recommended,211820,9213428,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,RobidyBobidy,"I'm honestly not sure what the hype is.I have never played Minecraft or Terraria, but I wanted to try out one of these games where you mine resources and build houses and whatever.What I had in mind:  I'm gonna fight monsters!  I'll build a fort to defend my stash of loot and other random treasures, then I'll venture out to an unknown planet into a mysterious fortress with crazy bosses and it'll be fun!What happened:  Dig..... Dig some more..... kill a couple monsters that bounce up and down everywhere like EVERY OTHER MONSTER............................................... dig some more.The trailer shows a bunch of hectic and intense fights b/w a player and tons of guys with swords inside cool forts, but I've put in about 6 hours and I've literally done nothing but DIG DIG DIG.  So monotonous!I know the typical response will be ""OMG it's beta dewd"" or ""Just keep playing it starts off slow,"" but really, if you want a building game with fun combat, there are better ones out there (that are also 3D)."
,Recommended,211820,25527409,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kao,Terraria + No Mans Sky Very Nice...But Boring Playing Solo...
76561198119507059,Not Recommended,211820,29772916,Posted: 7 February,all,Genr8or,"This game used to be awesome. I loved the mystery about who you were. All you knew was your species and you woke up in a spaceship. Every single planet used to be a new adventure. Now i get bugs such as UI pops, sometimes gets so bad the UI goes away and dosen't come back for like 3 minutes. (This REALLY SUCKS during boss fights) I get crashes and loads of others. The random generation for the planets isn't as good as it used to be, and you really need mods to make the game good again.6.5/10I miss this game."
,Recommended,211820,29306302,Posted: 16 January,all,bexs88,This game is the new Stardew Valley for me. It's ruining my life. Send help.
,Recommended,211820,8025211,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Jiik,"It's a very fun game that pretty much combines elements from normal RPGs and mixes it in with the POV of Terraria, art style of retrospective, and the fun of every game out there that's fun, pretty much9.5/10(Not too shabby!)"
,Recommended,211820,32380318,Posted: 12 June,all,Renamon,Awesome game! Get it if there is a sale!Terraria 2.0 with an actual story.
,Recommended,211820,9615678,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,DigitalCreation,I'ts fun!
,Not Recommended,211820,25217233,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,S E I N W A V E - - 1 9 9 X,"It was better a year ago. Chucklefish, in all their efforts to finally reach 1.0, gutted the game and threw some glitter on it. Not only that, but features that were in the game YEARS ago are missing. However, that's not the worst of it. 1.0 is unoptimized trash. I used to be able to run the game perfectly, but now im lucky to not get FPS drops when running on the lowest settings possible. Mouse acceleration is absolutely atrotious, good luck actually clicking on what you want to. This game had so much potential, and it was great- I had a better time with the buggy nightly builds than I ever will with 1.0. Sad."
76561198284174015,Recommended,211820,35486433,Posted: 4 October,all,"Gwyn, Lord of Dank",FEELS GOOD MAN
,Not Recommended,211820,24469862,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wisp,"Five years spent making this game. I've only been following it for two, but the number is still amazing to me. 5 years spent developing a game, with updates taking maybe once or twice a year. That would indicate the developers putting a lot of thought and love into the game, right?Wrong. Wrong, wrong, WRONG. Absolutely wrong.Starbound 1.0 has been in development for most of 2016, and I was exicited for it at the beginning of the year. The past two updates were amazing and left me wanting a full game. And now, it's here. The full game.The beta builds before this were better in every regard except story. Every single regard. Better sprites, better gameplay, better action bars, better inventory, better online capabilities, better progression through the game, everything. Every single thing was better in the betas. And they weren't even complete. That's how much Chucklefish ruined this game with 1.0 dropping.The first of many issues is the development team. They're somewhat incompetent. They definitely had the best intentions for this game, but so many of the development choices they made while making 1.0 were garbage. Absolute trash. They should have been focusing on making the game better, but it feels like they just broke the game more in trying to do that.There were a few complaints here and there that female breasts were too prominent on any outfit, but now they're basically invisible. You can't tell a male character from a female character.It feels like they wanted to streamline the stories, but in doing so they completey rewrote what story already existed in the game, instead of taking the separate stories for the 7 races and making them go down one linear path.They wanted to make the hotbar more efficient (Though it already had what I consider to be one of the best hotbars in a game) so they split it into five sets of two slots, and if an item is two-handed, it takes up two slots. Previously, the game had a hotbar that had 5 slots on either side of a pair of buttons that corresponded to your mouse buttons.They made the inventory, which originally had three tabs of storage, have four tabs of storage. But now, items are locked to a specific inventory tab, so while it seems you have more space, you actually have much less space.Now for the biggest issue I have with the game: It won't launch anymore. I've reinstalled it three times now, and nothing. Every time, the Chucklefish logo loads, and then it crashes and closes. I can do nothing about this. What was previously one of my favorite games has been rendered unplayable by an ""update"" that was supposed to make the game better. I only know what I know from my friends who have been able to get the damn thing to work, and a few hours put into Unstable.I noticed something interesting when I navigated down to the store page to write this review. The game's been marked down since its early access days, from 20$ to 14$. This puzzles me, as I would have expected the price to go up. (Though I'm glad it didn't.) This leads me to an interesting conclusion:The developers literally stopped giving a♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game. They realised that their 1.0 release was garbage, so they brought the price down so that people wouldn't complain about it being overpriced. If that's true, Why, Chucklefish? Why force out something you know isn't worth the money when you can spend more time and make something that people would like and find to be worth the price?Even with that in mind, I can't recommend this game. Back in early access, I would absolutely have left a shining review of how great this game was and how much potential it had, but now I can't. To tell you this game is worth the 14$ price of admission would be a lie. I really do hate to say this, as it is one of my favorite games, but it's the truth. The developers ruined this game. I would uninstall it and forget about it, except for the fact that I've become a moderator on an RP server that I'm incredibly fond of, and I can't stand to abandon that server and the friends I've made there. Chucklefish, thank you for giving me the chance to meet people like this, but screw you for ruining your game."
,Recommended,211820,33144864,Posted: 2 July,all,Ace Decker,-Starts game for the first time-Picks Floran race-Spawns in-Immediately finds a chest-Contains a Flamethrower10/10 would be a flame-wielding plant again
,Recommended,211820,17792018,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Daks,"Laughing about all the negative reviews with 50-600+ hours played on record. My favorite is that it's ""boring"". If you spend over 50 hours on a $15 game you weren't bored.This game is a hoot and the scale is boggling.Today my little brother and I (on a personal server) explored and dug to the core of an ice planet. Standard ice/snow biome form with plenty of white stuff. One in-game night we wander around the other side of the planet and it is a ridiculous spectacle of biolumencent light. We would have never seen it if we just sat on the first half and dug around.Some may call it simple novelty but even simple variations in colors and design keep things fresh.People want to constantly compare it to Terraria but Terraria ""suffers"" the same linear feeling after a few characters. Half the play time in Terraria is spent checking the wiki and the other half is grinding to get the armor and weapons to beat the boss so you can get the new armor and weapons to beat the next boss. The only difference in Starbound is you aren't wandering aimlessly and don't have to own multiple monitors just to be able to do what you want to be able to do. Terraria is the same linear path every playthrough. Make a character, build a house, explore/mine for better things, get some NPCs, fight the EoC, fight the Corruption/Crimson boss, go to the underworld, fight the WoF, enter hard mode, the same hallow falls over the map, the same enemies appear every time, and so on and so forth. And I LOVE Terraria. Talking as if the games are vastly different is silly, though. Starbound simply choses not to let you trick yourself that you're really in a sandbox from the start.Starbound lets you settle in and make colonies and build and destroy as you like and move onto the next thing. I guess it might not feed to the obsessive natured player as much. It's less of a sandbox and more of a beach full of sandcastles. Build them up and leave them behind because you have millions of other worlds to tend to."
,Recommended,211820,7930184,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,WesWilson,"I'm highly skeptical of the myriad open-world gather and build games.  As always, your experience will be highly dependant on the company you play with and how motivated you are to construct.  Not having played Terraria, I likely have a bias in that this is the first side-scroll version I've experienced... and I had some really good company for my initial games... but all-in-all, this feels fresh and fun.  If you have some people you'd like to play with, pick it up and dig in."
76561198044055662,Recommended,211820,32866879,Posted: 27 June,all,Mr.Redstone,Playing alone maybe it a bit bored. Playing with friends is much better!
,Not Recommended,211820,24514703,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Hirolla,"I learned very early that there is no pause functionality in this game. You have to save & quit and then reload the game. Your character goes right back to where you were before. It doesn't take long to load, so it only takes a few extra seconds to do that. It's really not that bad.So I was doing the first instanced mission today, and I'm woefully underprepared for it. I'm in there for almost an hour, when I have to get up and go do something. ""Hey, I'll just save & quit the mission and come back pretty soon,"" I think. I get up, go do stuff, and get back to pick up where I left off in the mission. Only now, all of my mission progress is gone and I'm back in my space ship.I immediately quit and uninstalled the game. I can't be bothered to play a game that doesn't have the most basic quality of life feature. I might revisit the game if the developers add pausing (or at least saving mission progress), but this experience left me pretty disappointed."
,Recommended,211820,20341539,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,bluejay117,I never knew plants could have boobs11/10
,Recommended,211820,32896718,Posted: 27 June,all,レム,Simply. 10 out of 10. Best game ever. Especially the atmosphere.
,Recommended,211820,7973998,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Camper,"Many people compare this game to Terraria. And yes, it looks very similar. Pixel art graphics,blocky world and other features from Terraria may be found in Starbound. But this game isunique. It's different. You're not limited by having one world per character. Here, you can explore the wholeuniverse. And that includes bazillion of planets in various galaxies.But hey, it's still in beta. When Terraria was in beta it wasn't even half that good.However, this game still needs a lot of balancing (8.12.2013, new updates may fix it) and therefore it makesthe game really hard at this moment.So overall, great game. If you loved Terraria, you'll definitely like this game as well.Building in this game is fantastic. Combat is good as well but needs some balancing.9.6/10.0 game, atleast for me."
,Recommended,211820,8080762,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Very Angry Black Man,"Starbounds rich and varied amount of textures, enviroments, crafting capeabilities and soundtrack are outstanding! There is no possible end to the amount of enjoyment that can be gotten out of this game, and that's even without friends to play with.Of course, beta being beta there are a few issues. But starbound gets over these boundries with everything it does right. It's a sandbox survival with a huge amount of variation and even a story! It's not just ""You're here now, you don't know why, you just are. Now go do stuff"" There's a sense of purpose and achievement to every little thing you do. Even the smallest things in this game are incredibly useful, making you, as a player, become more effecient and skilled as you go on.As you play the game, every now and then you can get a real sense of exitement and enjoyement, take for example one of my past experiances: You could be standing on a bridge of gravel 40 or so blocks thick, only for it to come crashing down from underneath you, sweeping you down into unknown depths below encountering even more treasures and horrors than before and as you claw your way back up to the surface 2 days later you look back and think, ""I done it, I survived"". You get a real sense of adventure when you play this game.No doubt this is one of my all time favourite games, blending everything that's right from survival games into one. Although there are a few unpolished areas of the game (which i'm sure will be fixed in time to come), i'm certain that this game will long be played and enjoyed by many."
,Recommended,211820,8012554,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Babeski,"WHAT can I say about Stella Terraria, my review is designed to be indepth and without ambiguity,I think Star Bound is awesome."
76561198060100079,Recommended,211820,8688012,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Primrose,It give me anal cancer
,Recommended,211820,8581798,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Anemos,Good game.
76561198119557776,Recommended,211820,18404386,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gundalf,☺
,Recommended,211820,15805190,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Ruby Dusk,No time to write a review.Need to mod the game.11/10 for it's moddability.
,Recommended,211820,8660790,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Dracus,"★★★★★★★★★★10/10SUMMARY► One of the most cunning and amazing 2D sandbox games ever created.► Charming retro-style graphics, interesting and engaging gameplay mechanics and lots of content for the player to explore (being an early-access game, more and more content and mechanics are added with every update). The game hasGame content and mechanics can be extended by installing various mods. (see the point below - installing mods is as easy as copy-paste... well, basically, itissimple copy-paste)► It has extensivemodding supportfor enhancing the game even further, and it also allows forcustom-coded itemsor furthercharacter customization(e.g. custom colors or vanity items) using mods. The vast majority of game files can be freely modified and repacked into a mod that can be easily installed.However, a portion of the game (some core functions) is still hard-coded, meaning it cannot be modified (this might change in future updates).► All in all, Starbound is definitely worth a buy-and-try.- - -More thorough review soon.in the mean timea dank meme thing▲|▲ ▲||triforce loomynarty"
76561198065500471,Recommended,211820,8212046,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,VAPENATION.COM,"Starbound is ; FTL, Terraria, Borderlands esc (different named guns), and minecraft all combined! You start in a ship and are given quests to make progress through the game, you can fuel up your ship and go to other planets and pick your race. Overall this is a very colourful game with quriky monsters and always something new to explore."
76561197979402731,Recommended,211820,8018590,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Zatio,"Get this game, enough said :)I recommend it 100%"
,Not Recommended,211820,24587823,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,DarkByte97,"Ability to mod the game does not justify its releaseTL:DR just read the few sentences of the reviewThis contention that ""the game is fine because we can mod back in all the fun stuff the devs were too lazy to put in the final game"" is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ one, at best. You're right, no one is stopping you from doing that, but at the same time, the amount of core gameplay elements that are missing from Starbound don't justify the idea that we can just mod in a few new things to suit the game to our liking. It's not like the game has loads of engaging content and we just aren't happy with what it has.The reality is that the devs took a lot of the content out to make the game feel as if it is fininshed at first glance, and simply didn't develop the story or other gameplay elements enough at all.The story is literally one of the most superficial and bland storylines that I have ever seen in a game, the grand array of techs that were once in the game has been reduced not even to a mere semblence of what it once was, the new tiered planet system makes the already bland storyline seem ever more flat, there is litereally no endgame whatsoever and the already lifeless storyline just drops off.The ""story"" lieterally consists of you ""scanning furniture"" for missions and the Esher lady just repeating the same 3 quotes over and over again to reassure you that you are ""being helpful"" and not getting screwered over by a flat/lifeless storyline. It's almost like the devs were literally trying to trick the players into feeling like the story is more than what it is. That's the problem really is that I just don't feel enough to care about the story or any of the characters I meet. So Chucklefish didn't really even fool me into making a connection with the story. Which is sad.What I mean by superficial and flat can be further explained here:I can't interact with any of the NPCs (button mash E to gain the same response every time), they don't even react to theft, the storyline NPCs say the exact same quote every time you talk to them... etc. the planets are tiered so exploration also feels procedural and not immersive. The structures are the same. The morphball tech is not fun to use. It feels like the devs literally changed the game to aclimate to the tech and just  trashed all of the other techs that were actually fun to use. Where did the Blink tech and so many others go? What happened to the non tiered planet and star systems that actually felt somewhat immersive? This game feels randomly generated to the point where it just kills immersion. Couple this with lack of features and depth to the characters and personailites you meet, and really the WHOLE UNIVERSE itself... and it just feels like a lifeless procedural void of repititon.The idea for Starbound is great, and there are many great things about it. But it isn't finished by any means. The devs need more content for this game to be on board with other games in it's tier. And that fact that they released it like this for ""1.0"" is distrubting to me as an early backer for Starbound.If you can't enjoy purposeless building on random planets (which are really all nearly the same) then I can't recomend this game to you. Just honestly. At the start it feels great - in the middle you are trying to convince yourself that its still pretty good - and in the end when the flat and lifeless story abpruptly drops off, you are left with nothing but what you have already seen: the endless procedural void that is Starbound."
32563294853459364,Recommended,211820,25198104,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ƛƤƤƦЄƝƬƖƇЄ ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,"The game is very good.Overall rating is 9/10.Edit: after finishing the game its pretty sad, it was such a fun game, anyways a good 70+ hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,211820,26013893,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,【=◈︿◈=】| Derpy Hooves,"Just a Quick Review :[Content Opinion]By far this is mah favourite & enjoyable indie game i have ever played. Literally this is like a better version of terraria with Story & space in it. (Or maybe no man's sky ? )also..- Challanging Bosses & Monsters- A very wide Universe. Which is good for exploring~Cons :- Every moon in entire galaxies is considered as ""Spooky & scary"" (WTF XD)The thing is, its just terrific. The only thing i hate is just a ""30% Gold Lost"" for everytime we die. could be just reduce it to 5% or 10% i guess....lulAbout the soundtrack, well for what mah Ears listened its just......outstanding. I love every single soundtrack in this game, no matter what its just so chilling & beautiful to listen to while exploring around the galaxies & planets.Overall i'll give it9/ 10Edited (6.47 AM November, 24 2016)Just terrific~"
,Recommended,211820,25462061,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ｱｲｯﾗ,"This is a game where you can be a sentient, carnivorous, humanoid space flower that flies through the cosmos to terraform planets and hunt the local wildlife with a rocket launcher."
,Not Recommended,211820,25258026,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,remnants of a consumable item,"The fun has been removed.Pros compared to beta:- balanced weapons- grief protection in servers- optional story- new armorsCons compared to beta:- more content removed than added- community very toxic nowI remeber in the beta i hoped on a server found 4 guys and we fought 3 flying saucers at once, it was super fun. Now when i join a serverHello anyone wanna do some coop?*banned for not roleplaying*orHello anyone wanna do some coop?*no response cause everyone is begging admins for admin*"
,Not Recommended,211820,16356446,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,discount memes™,"by the time this game leaves early access, you'll be able to explore the stars irl"
,Recommended,211820,7929628,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,tictac?!,it's okay - 10/10
,Recommended,211820,32872809,Posted: 27 June,all,Pokemanz,Terraria in space. -  11/10
76561197970720598,Not Recommended,211820,24513475,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,issfire,"It's painful to give a bad review, because I'm a dev myself. I want to like Starbound because I loved Terraria. Played 60 hours during early access, but came back today palyed for 1 hour and quit.Controls in 1.0 is abysmal. It felt like they were trying to map a controller hotkeys onto a keyboard and mouse setup. The hotkey bar was labelled and they added ""R"" as a special hotkey for mining. I was constantly trying to hit ""4"" to switch to mining, then wondering why it didn't work. Many hotkey bars allows for a second slot (left and right click). Visually this is very confusing. My brain looking at the UI, expects the items to be mapped from 1-9, not 1 (left / right) 2 (left / right) etc.There were a lot of other introductory pacing issues too. Enemies on the ground floor being too challenging behavior wise, paired with a flawed starting sword with a cooldown. But these are all secondary compared to the controls issue.Please fix."
,Recommended,211820,30343100,Posted: 5 March,all,PhyrFox,I highly recommend this game for those people who like sandbox games like Minecraft and Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,9840268,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,ChooChoosGaming,"yes,im waiting to record it and my first impressions, but so far its amazing."
,Recommended,211820,8326913,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cyborg Zombies,"This game is like Human Centipede 2. Wholesome family entertainment, fun for all ages."
,Recommended,211820,9106682,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Saltqvarn ★,"One of the best and craziest indie/platformer and RPG games in 2D I've ever played! It's the adventure-action genre, and the music is just awesome. I just fell in love straight away. If I had to choose between Terraria and Starbound. I'd definitely play Starbound, and this game just shouldn't be compaired to Minecraft, because this game offers a hell lot of more stuff and playable areas than Minecraft ever did.If you thought about buying this game and have the money now...?GET IT NOW! WHY WAIT!? Let the fun begin!!! (:"
76561198212687845,Recommended,211820,20046234,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Alfang the tormentor,"Those who dislike starbound, I have found , often compare it to Terraria but terraria has had a long time many mistakes to make it great but I love starbound for the simple reason of infinite explorasion, every planet is different, the bosses are uniqe and made with powerful attack patterns.I wont Criticise you if you dislike howerver"
,Recommended,211820,8068440,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Inquisitor Zama,"After only 2 weeks of beta Starbound has already proven to be one of the most promising games of the year. I hear people saying that it's a Terraria rip-off or a cheap imitation, however as someone who has played Terraria from the begining I can tell you, Starbound is to Terraria what minecraft is to Terraria. Unarguably different, and with more huge updates to come, it will undoubtedly be a contender for the best game of 2014."
76561198115869875,Not Recommended,211820,10783327,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,SkullBoy115,MAKE IT SO I CAN PLAY WITH MY FRIENDS ON STEAM
76561198063483477,Not Recommended,211820,11581629,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Skanderbeg,"Ok, this game is early access. If you've seen other early access games that stay in this pre-release state for extremely long periods of time like Minecraft or DayZ, you can get an idea of where this game is headed. From what I've seen of the few changelogs that come to Starbound, the developers have no intention to complete this game any time soon. They are stuck in this indefinite time of ""Gimme $15 and maybe I'll finish the game someday...""Due to this incomplete state Starbound is trapped in, there aren't large amounts of things to do, and there are also holes in the gameplay where it seems like a certain function or addition should be available, but it hasn't been implemented. For example, Hylotl villages and dungeons. The Hylotl, a playable race in Starbound, were strangely unique in the fact that there were no villages or dungeons that are Hylotl themed, while every other race has its own form of village or living space. Although these constructions are around now, they were simply hyped for many, many months while the developers consistently and non-officially told us about them. This is simply one example of the shoddy update schedule and unclear idealogy of Starbound as a whole.Another thing that really peeved me and my friends was the advancement of tiers and the gameplay balance. In Starbound, there are several different ""sectors"" comprised of a seemingly infinite amount of solar systems with planets in them. You start in the Alpha sector and work your way up, Beta, Gamma, and so on. Each of these sectors has a few different tiers of weapons and armor in an established hierarchy of worst to best made of different materials that you mine up and craft into these tools. It starts of innocently enough, copper, silver, iron and the sort which don't require TOO much of each of them for a full set of armor and a shiny new weapon. However, once you to get to some of the later sectors like Delta and the legendary final ""X"" sector, the crafting materials are completely unforgiving. You must mine dozens and dozens of one of the new special ores in these late sectors and mine dozens and dozens of ANOTHER ore and combine these both together. Maybe then you'll have a pair of boots. The problem with mining is how agonizingly slow the fastest and best pickaxe in the game, the diamond pickaxe (creativity right there) mines these ores, the ores that are almost crucial you dig up and make into armor so you don't get one-shotted by the average hostile genetic mistakes that inhabit the late-game sectors.Don't get me wrong, me and my friends had quite a bit of fun for several weeks while playing in the lower sectors, as reflected in my playtime. However, the gameplay balance is almost as broken AND comparable to the endless grinding in many MMOs, which absolutely ruins any fun set by the standards of the lower sectors and turns it into barely scraping by in a corrupted world. According to the blue words above my review, this game is in early access and should be fixed in due time. But the due time could be a couple more years. I'd say Starbound definitely isn't worth the $15 pricetag, $10 is more appropriate, although there are other $10 games that are more worth that money like G-Mod and Terraria. If you're thinking of buying this game, just wait until it goes on sale AND is full release in a few years."
76561197992735820,Not Recommended,211820,24517472,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CPUzer0,"Exploration is good. Building is good. Combat is varying. Its a great game and i do indeed like it very much, but the game has many gamebreaking bugs (like completely wiping your progress, ship or planets) to recommend. Its a good game but playing it is risky, you never know when the game is gonna fart next time and wipe out all your progress. Performance is also so-so.Content wise the game is ready for 1.0 but technically this is still very, very beta."
,Recommended,211820,20143081,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Bouncing Tities,"Hello fellow gamers!I highly recomend this game because it has:1. A lovely soundtrack2. Awsome character customizations3. Interesting dual wielding mechanics4. Tons of planets to explore5 A nice little multyplayer featureHowever, like every other game, it has flaws too that hopefuly Chucklefish will fix in the near future (e.g. The mobs that you'll find in the Challenge Door DON'T move at all).So, to wrap this up, Starbound is a unique sandbox game that I think, due to its content, will outrun other similar games (e.g. Terraria)"
76561198311960604,Not Recommended,211820,24531945,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Jewbacca,"My computer can easily run this game in windowed, but the frames drop to 10 when fullscreen. Please fix!"
,Recommended,211820,17759459,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Golden,"I can safely say after following the game for more than a year I can see the game heading in the right direction. Alot has changed from my last review on Starbound (where I could not recommend it) and I can safely say thegrinding for pixels and mobshave come to an end. Starbound provides enough content now to keep you entertained, and even longer if you have an imagination; such as roleplaying across different characters on multiple planets with the new NPCs introduced in the colony update. I even love the fact that the starting galaxy is shared across all characters like a central hub. The new planet biomes are fantastic and now have structures randomly generated for different NPCs to inhabit based on furniture, weapons now vary vastly cosmeticly/statisticly and can be carried across different tiers with the armor new stats. No longer will you find an item you like from teir 1 or 2 and have to abandon it by teir 4 or 5. I can only hope more developers listen and respond to the feedback they recieve like Chucklefish has.I look foward to future updates chucklefish has in store."
,Not Recommended,211820,29774481,Posted: 7 February,all,SMEC | Sparrow,It's a damn shame this game has become what it is today. Such promise.
,Recommended,211820,9752575,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,"Fred ""FREEDY"" Kelly007","Terraria in space. with heaps of planets to explore and tons of things to craft. the only thing is this is still in alpha (I think) so when the game updates you will lose your characters. 7.5/10 Pro tip all enemies that look nice will kill you, and all enemies that look like enemies will only kill you when you try to kill them.."
76561198044678554,Recommended,211820,9085643,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Roltes,"This is probably one of the most ambitious games on steam atm. It trully offers you a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of options and It still is in beta!!!!!! There are trully limitless possibilities for you to explore and the procedural generation of almost everything results in an unlimited replayability value of this game. Multiplayer is very fun and generally speaking this game is VURRY polished for beta.I DO believe this game has tremendous potential and a massive amount of features are already playable. Highly reccomend this game to ALL sci-fi lubbers out there and RPG players alike!!! Guys, this is your dream game. Buy it now, plz.Sincerely (-ish xD) Greg :)"
,Recommended,211820,8700018,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Verkanyne,"As of this writing, Starbound is still in Early Access. That said, I am impressed by the experience already available through the game. The premise is simple: you are the captain of a now-defunct spaceship stuck orbitting an unknown planet and must travel to its surface in order to gather the materials to survive and bring your ship back to working order. Doing this can seem daunting at first, but you will quickly learn how to use the resources of the planet to obtain the weapons, tools, and armor needed to defend against alien creatures, stave off the elements, and deal with the planet's native residents as you see fit. Before you know it, you have what you need to return your ship to the stars. This is where the true experience of the game begins, as you realize that there is an unlimited universe stretched out before you filled with infinite worlds ripe for exploration. You just need to decide where to start.As for the more technical aspects of the game, Starbound puts truth to the adage 'less is more', making use of every pixel in its 16 bit era-inspired canvas to paint a remarkable scenery, beginning right out the gate with the character creation process. Surprisingly extensive, it gives you a choice between multiple distinct races and countless options for hairstyle, clothing, colors, and even posture to give your character a unique, personalized look on a level that I would have thought impossible with the limitations of the format. Beyond that, the environments themselves boast a charming, otherworldy appearance that varies from world to world as you hop around the galaxy. Purple dirt and thirty foot tall flowers? Why not!Exploration of the grid-based worlds becomes somewhat routine after the third or fourth planet, though the variance in content--ranging from ruined temples of seemingly ancient civilizations to sprawling castles filled with anachronistic robots--gives you something new to find each time you touch down on a world. Though some worlds you find may be desolate desert-planets worth only the minerals to be unearthed below their surface, others will be crawling with civilized life, friendly or otherwise, for you to interact with. They may react to your presence differently based on your race and their own, as well as by your actions on the planet, to some extent. In any case, you yourself are free to befriend, ignore, or decimate any such inhabitants you may come across.The crafting system in the game is extensive beyond my exploration of it so far, allowing you to make armor, swords, rifles, chairs, safes, lanterns, pickaxes, drills... the list goes on and on, but to keep it brief, it is a vast terrain worthy of the interests of explorers of such devices. For those interested only in the core features of crafting required for progression through the game, the whole system is gated by Starbound's universal tier structure, keeping the system from being overwhelming. I find myself somewhere in the middle, capable of appreciating the many choices I am given, but often putting them aside to engage in other activities.While there are, of course, flaws in Starbound, I am reluctant to detail them in any extensive detail. This is in part because, as mentioned before, the game is still in Early Access and Chucklefish has done well so far at keeping the game consistently-updated, but also because these flaws are largely overshadowed by the strong points of the game. Were I to point fingers however, the major culprits would be the oft-finicky multiplayer mode and the lack of content depth that is inherent in most any procedurally-generated construct.In brief, Starbound brings many welcome additions to the gameplay of the sandbox adventure genre that has become so popular in the past few years. The game performs well in its many facets--sandbox gameplay, item farming/crafting, 16-bit graphics--and I can earnestly recommend it to any fans of those gameplay elements."
,Recommended,211820,9657276,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Doomsaus,"I love everything about this game! There's so much to explore and the weapons and armor are freaking epic. Don't get me started on the NPCs! An avain villager said this to me once, ""Tonight we're gonna get plucky!"" Brilliant. Just freaking brilliant."
76561198019625332,Not Recommended,211820,12455149,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Proto Potato,"At first the game looks like it has alot in it until you realize every new level is like starting the game over, the new ores are simple stats that allow you to do what you already did in the early areas, the developers havent touched the game in so long. The only thing this has on terraria is the music you can do in the game and the planet hopping, which really is just the same planets but look different and have a few couple buildings that the others didn't."
,Recommended,211820,17746076,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Asaraiya,"Bless the auto save inventory.Was exploring giant system of caves for 3+ hours and didn't save.Power goes out.*Mini heart attack.*>Come back and all my loot is there.Auto save is love, auto save is life.Great game as well, recommend to all. Better than Minecraft+Terraria.Loving the updates, looking forward to more."
,Not Recommended,211820,24544165,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Zora,"Though I like this game.  It could be better.  The devs need to make it so you can adjust graphics settings.  My character moves so slow.  Me and my friend had a speed test by swing a sword.  He swung his normally, while mine was slowed down.  It was the same sword.  They say this game can run on lots of computers even ones not so good, but its not fun when you are constantly killed because you don't run fast enough.  My movement speed has been compared to slow motion.  That and when you are swinging your weapon or shooting your gun the delay is too much.  The developers need to add in an option to adjust your graphics settings like many games have.  I'm tired of my friend getting all the good stuff on the planets because I'm not fast enough.  Though don't get me wrong its a good game though I probably won't play much of it when No Man's Sky comes out.  If you like Terraria or other games like that you might like this.  You can play with your Steam friends easily now without needing a server."
,Recommended,211820,24593397,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tohru,Is this NASA space project?
76561198010960200,Not Recommended,211820,24654455,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Thrillkilled,"It says I only have 38 hours, but I would have about a hundred more if the game was actually ready to play. I got the game a couple days after it was released on steam, and even with the character wipes I thought the game was awesome. Then 1.0 hit. I can't even start it up anymore, and the same goes for many others. Chucklefish, if your reading this, put more effort into a smooth launch next time instead of turning off so many people by making the game literally unplayable and not having a fix ready."
,Recommended,211820,8897790,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Frank2bad,"After few hours playing this game. It dawned on me that I couldnt even play Terraria that long. lol, This game goes beyond with awesome playability, and at times its addicting trying to find the materials you need to build that certain shenanagan. Game has kept me entertained, and even moreso entertained while in multiplayer the crazy gismos people find, create. This game should not be compared to Terraria because the two CANNOT BE COMPARIED.This game is tons of fun, storyline, easier ways to build things, a recipe book, tons of things Terraria didnt have. I tried to convince some friends to play this game also, but they wont because they are assuming its like Terraria. Dont be like that, its a lot of fun. So for perspective, I couldnt play terraria no more than 10 hours in over a few months, I played this game more than 20 hours in a week. . .Enjoy"
76561198070120840,Not Recommended,211820,24478356,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dellumn,As an early access adopter was really hoping to get back into this game but I cant because it will not start. I have tried everything and it wont work. This is beyond ridiculous and should be addressed. I will adjust review accordingly but atm I cant even play the game I supported over 3 years ago.
76561198001174431,Recommended,211820,24478430,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,"Vaati, who sold you a flatcap","I see a lot of people, who are comparing this to Terraria, i'v come to make my point on this topic.Like i did with terraria and minecraft i will point out what i find to be the features and parts that create the game's personality and how its different.I'll start with a brief description of Terraria since most people know what that is if they are here.Terraria is a 2-D Sandbox survival game by Re-Logic in where as you simply have to beat every boss in the game and upgrade your gear to its optimal state in accordance to your prefered weapon type and playstyle. the main game has constantly expanded from its conception with a total of ♥♥♥♥ tons (I may be a fanboy for the game but i dont know the exact number) weapons, items, trinkets, armor and all that♥♥♥♥♥♥ also building, which is a massively important feature of the game as it has a system in which when you make a suitable house (Light source, table, chair and being an actual building with walls) you can move one of your npcs into said building where they will stay during night to avoid the monsters at night. the brunt of your time will be spent early on when you have to spend time traveling to certain places and looking for certain things.  so the game is a bit grindy when it comes to prep work since bosses are also part of that prep since some bosses will only spawn with a item or just randomly when you least expect it and if your not prepared the boss you will have a run for your money.TLDR : make the best gear, kill the hardest bosses, do the events and then the rest is up to you and mounts make speed all of that up.Now onto starbound. first i want to say that i have not played starbound as much as terraria so i may be a bit inaccurate with some things.Starbound from what i can tell is about space exploration, base building, a story and dungeons with a boss at the end. At the beggining of Starbound you had very little assistance since you were helped right upto the first boss (Which was a push over) and after that you get no help and no direction to what you should pursue next, now there is a mission system that will guide you along your way allowing you to get a sense of progression that Terraria had very little off since from that start your only assistance was a guide who gave you vague hints at best. While in Terraria you may be just one world and four directions (up, down left and right) in Starbound you also have the same on a possiblity infinate scale due to SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE. in terms of combat it has improve a lot since the start, in the start you just had regular swing, regular stab, regular slice, regular blugeon and shoot, now theres a attack progression system that for example for two handed sword you have a three hit combat that starts with a swing into a stab and then slice, and to top it off two handed weapons have a skill attatched to them like attacking your left and right or by spinning your weapon behind you and then following up with a ranged energy slice. then you can apply 1 handed weapons with either another weapon or another item which opens up a ton of possibilities, plus there have been plenty of new weapon types added over the course of the development effectively one upping terraria's combat system click to swing, aim a spell or ranged weapon. another thing i want to touch on though quickly is despite what i just said Terraria's combat isn't that bad, its just simple. Onto exploration, Since starbound planetside exploration is mostly the same as Terraria i'll just talk about space exploration. Exploration in space is done inside your ship and requires fuel to power the FTL drive, said fuel can be aquired in the outpost for the ingame currency or mined planet side, it costs no fuel to travel between planets in a star but it costs fuel to travel between stars with the farther away the star is to the one your currently in the more fuel it costs. to help get between your bases, settlements and the hub which is outpost you can set waypoints which you can warp to via a teleporter that your ship has build in and a teleporter you can buy for ingame currency. in terms of variety from last i played with a character who could travel between stars there a several different types of stars each with unique properties and each planet has unique properties and unique monsters. this last is based off research on the wiki but it also appears that they are taking a page from Terraria and altering it a little with armour for specific types of weapons each crafted in a different station which i'll say is really awesome since that is one of my favourite things in games. my last point is the armor itself, each race has different looking armour meaning that each race has a unique look as well as they all have their own unique names that tie in with their race while also not making players split up because they need a different meterial for their armor.TLDR : Starbound is simular to Terraria in terms of art direction, planetside exploration, combat system and npc housing while being its own game.Would i suggest buying this?YesWould i say buy it instead of Terraria?What i would say is support both Re-logic and Chucklefish since the games they made are each unique in their own rights.TLDR : Space and planet side exporation with a mission system.Also the only game i can say where you can mine out a astroid and make a pool in space."
76561197974942868,Not Recommended,211820,24487324,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Blaze,"This game's premise has potential but it was wasted.Pros:-Music is good.-Pixel art is pretty.Cons:-Everything else.I'm sorry but this game isn't fun, it just... Isn't.The planets are samey, the quests are lame, the plot is linear, the combat is boring, the loot is drab.I've been playing this game since early alpha, the whole time I've been waiting for it to ""Get fun"" hoping that it was just one patch away from ""Clicking"" and I'd finally see the vision that the developers had for the game.What vision?It's terraria in space with worse combat and slightly improve pixel art, honestly Terraria is BETTER.And for the LOVE OF ALL THAT IS GOOD! Can we please stop with the Resource Treadmill progression system?Who loves mining? Who here has dreamed of being a miner as a wee lad or lass? Who can't WAIT to get out into that big open universe to do some good ol' mining!?Seriously, stop it, no wants to ****ing mine, stop tying progression to the least fun aspect of your game please?This could have been avoided by having an XP system that gave you an equal amout of XP no matter what you did...Explored a new planet? XPFighting Creatures? XPCrafting? XPBuilding Bases? XPMining (For whatever reason)? XPThe same generic XP allows you to level whatever you want so you can progress in any area by doing what you enjoy when you feel like it.But no.It's just another case of get X to make Xa, then use Xa to get Y, then use Y to make Ya, then use Ya to get Z, then use Z to make Za... You getting the picture?They call these ""Tiers"" I call it... A waste of my time.It's ****ing lame, it's Soooo bad. I don't understand why they thought this was a good idea. It ISN'T!I can only assume they needed some gateway to keep people from skipping to the end of their ""content"". Which basically just boils down to mining Sh** so you can make better gear to mine more Sh**.This game is a mess, a perfect example of what happens when a team has a solid idea for a theme, but a♥♥♥♥♥♥poor development plan for making engaging mechanics and enjoyable progression.I'd rate this game a D-.And I'm only holding back on the F because of the music, which is good. Just cut out the middle man and buy the soundtrack."
76561198007617690,Not Recommended,211820,13968686,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Shadedfury,"I bought this game 2 years ago after playing terraria, it was in early acces then.  Fast forward it's still early access.  It's games like Starbound that make the public think early access games are a scam to get your money for an unfinished product and gives the developer no incentive to finish(already paid).   Everytime the developer is asked about a completed game they bring up a giant list of things needed to be implemented, and it is just lip service at this point.  Like ""we're trying for a new mission and biome we are going for 6 missions.""  2 years ago the game had 6 missions   Stop hiding behind early access and put out a finished product.  -post big winter update section-Just played the BIG WINTER UPDATE  was fun missions were cool,  was still extremely short."
,Recommended,211820,8034926,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,The Pan-Man 2 Electric Boogaloo,"Game crashes when my screensaver goes up.Game is in beta so ever other update wipes my characters.Mostly repetative gameplay, I have no real idea what im supposed to be doing.But you can run around space without any cloths as a monkey.10/10, Everyone should own this game."
76561198095428110,Recommended,211820,17712007,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,palmer6strings,"I will start off saying that yes, this game still has problems, even with the Pleased Giraffe update which was last night. One of the the major things that bug me is not haveing a quick stack option in chests or the quick stack to all chests option like Terraria has. Speaking of which, a lot of people like to compare this game to Terraria, which is a good comparisson but it does have it's differences.Though it seems there is some really negative reviews below mine, I personally thing the game is great. No game is ever going to be perfect for everyone. It seems like a lot of people that like sandbox games don't like to wait and complete objectives in order to continue the game.I really like having the quests that NPCs give. The Boss stages are a nice touch because I'm not a fan of a boss coming from nowhere and destroying my home. Being able to start my own village is pretty cool and there is a lot of options for decoration. Different weapons to suit your fancy for different combat playstyles. Different armors to suit those types of playstyles. It's pretty fun being able to fix up your ship and fly to other planets to loot and spelunk.I'd say the game is deffinitly worth a try!"
,Recommended,211820,8122614,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Fir4sGamer,اللعبة جدا رايقة
,Not Recommended,211820,9830411,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Oska,"It was good, BUT For people using macs, It crashes every second, THings wont save and althought its in alpha the last update was like 4 months ago, Its♥♥♥♥♥♥dont buy it YET"
76561198082390580,Not Recommended,211820,12971898,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,SammyBlammy,Its an ok game but my big problem is that im left handed with a mouse and there is no option to change the controls so i cant play it therefore dont buy the game unless you use wasd to move your character.
,Not Recommended,211820,12064804,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Smitty PG13,"I'm not ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you when I say this game is ponzi scheme-esque.....give us money now and we'll give you something more later.Never, and I repeat never, give a single dime to the developer Chucklefish. It's the reputation they worked so hard to cultivate: ""We're ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, please never believe a word we say."""
,Not Recommended,211820,12493279,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Metal Socks,GAMER TIPZ & TRIX 101Uninstalling the game beats it for you.
76561198084376021,Recommended,211820,17763871,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Slay,Highly and I mean HIGHLY Recommended!
,Recommended,211820,20096970,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Acr515,"Starbound is an incredibly unique experience. Even in its unfinished state, this game is extraordinary. All of the weapons are unique; there are thousands and thousands of procedurally generated pistols, shotguns, assault rifles, swords, spears, hammers, and other various weapons. Each planet is unique, from its visual appearance right down to its gravity amount and day length. I can't wait to see what's to come from this game in the future. This very well looks like a completed game at the current time."
76561197977086213,Not Recommended,211820,24545718,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,muffins,"FrustratingIn theory Starbound should be a 10 out of 10 game, unfortunately I find it to be more frustrating that fun. The controls are very 'floaty' so jumping to the place you want to get to is tricky, and dying because you slid off a platform becomes a frequent irritation. Combat is very deadly for the player if hostile creatures can close the distance to your character. Getting stuck in the terrain or falling down a hole when enemies are around  often leads to death simply because you get mobbed and can't get away in time. Ranged weapons seem to be pathetically weak while melee weapons and combat is fiddly at best. The inventory system is also frustrating since you will find that every time you open it, it will open over your character, forcing your to move it every time you eat something to keep the insatiable hunger bar filled. Item icons are tiny and difficult to see. The hotbar is fiddly to use. Many items like blocks, torches, platforms etc take up both hands when it was clear that single hand usage would have made for better gameplay (like rope/platform, pistol/torch, flashlight/blocks for example).If they can change these small, yet infuriating elements that frustrate gameplay, then Starbound would easily be a 10/10 game."
,Not Recommended,211820,11813783,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,hit that yeet,"If having your character reset every 3 Days is your thing, I don't judge."
76561198042341231,Not Recommended,211820,12455858,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jake Garza,Not worth the $15 when I bought it. I would pay $5 max
76561198017289101,Recommended,211820,9878339,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Kwazymofo,Pros-	The music is astonishing! A much of it sounds like mix between the soundtracks of the Sims and Kingdom Hearts.-	You can be a space chimp!-	Wicked weapons!-	Randomised aliens (now they always seem alien!)-	Chicken chasing!-	Quirky NPC dialogue-	Wizard hats-	LasersCons-	There’s no restaurant at the end of the universe.(unless you build one....)
,Not Recommended,211820,24568944,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,JustShayPlays,"Let me start off by saying that this is the second time I've played this game, the first time was in EA (early access).TL;DR version. Don't buy this game. It starts off alright, and for the first 20 or so hours it's good, but then dies down.Now for the meat of the review. Starbound was a game that went through hell, mainly due to the developers leaving the game dead in the water for over a year, trying to fund personal games before getting back into this one, and ""fixing"" it. Not that the game is in 1.0, and no longer an Early Access game, it seems to have gotten worse.During the times of EA, the game was fun (albeit boring at times with no direction.) The combat was easier, all you had to do was hold down the fire/attack button (MB1) and evade. Now you can no longer do that, you have to let go and start the process again if you want to deal damage. While this might shake things up, you'll find yourself getting hurt a lot due to it, and it becomes boring after the first few minutes.  The game use to have interesting ideas and concepts, but now those have been thrown away. For instance, there use to be a protective bubble you could use to remove fall damage, that has been removed because the devs deemed it ""over powered."" Now we're left with a sphere mode that does nothing for the game besides traversing dungeons.Dungeons are another big problem. Game like Terraria allowed you to create your own boss area to fight them in and be prepared, this game forces you to one area each time you need to face a boss to progress the ""story."" The story is lack luster, uninspired and has no meat to it to even care about. But that's just it, neither does the game itself. After 20 hours or grinding, going to planets for ores and weapons, you tend to just give up and no longer care. First you seem to be excited, just itching to explore and find new things, but there isn't much to the game to be able to do so, so the limited amount of items and exploration die before you face your third boss.The only upgrades worth anything are the manipulator upgrades to help you mine, that's about it. Tech cards no longer feel like abilities to help you out, now just a chore. Speaking of upgrades, the game has no way of letting you know what to upgrade or how to create items. It you want to upgrade your anvil, then you better look online, because the game has no guide like Terraria, so it doesn't inform you on what you'll need, or how to get certain items like batteries or copper wiring. You'll have to do it all on your own.Don't bother with colonies or side quests, NONE of them are interesting. There's 3 types in the game. Go kill these people somewhere, get me this and that, or escort. That's it, all of them are like this, on every planet. The same with colonies. Same quests, nothing new.Weapons are no longer fun, and you'll stick to one or two and sell the rest, none are worth keeping, unlike with Terraria where you'll want to keep rare loot.What the game does right is in the first 20 or so hours, the sense of wonderment and exploration is great, but becomes tedious and over whelming. It also has great visuals and a killer soundtrack, but that's it, it becomes boring hearing the same background music on every planet.I remember the game being more difficult, yet easy to understand. It also felt like everything you collected had worth, not anymore. Let's not forget that the wiki is no help, since you'll never gain useful information on it. That's more of a con with the players though.And here's the kill point, the part where you decide to buy the game or not. Every time an update came out in EA, you had to restart every quest you've ever done, it would wipe out your progress. Now? From what I can tell, you start EVERYTHING all over, including making your character. When 1.0 came out, it wiped all characters, so if you spent 100+ hours perfecting a world and all, you're SOL.Again, the beginning of the game is fun, and really builds up you getting off the planet to explore the universe, until you do and release it's the same thing on every planet. The bosses are boring, the dungeons to them are exactly the same, the loot is ""meh"" at most, nothing really cool. The NPCs are annoying, the side quests are all the same, the main quest lacks any emotion, and the fact that in the next update they might wipe your character out (since they have for all the other updates) means that your progress isn't even safe.While I enjoy this game, I can't recommend buying it knowing your saved character might be gone the next day, or all the progress will be reset. My advice? Buy Terraria, or look into some new games."
76561198135010134,Not Recommended,211820,24525470,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Witness Me,"I really like this game , but the update has actually rendered the game to the point where it either will not start or it crashes. So what I would say is wait until the update stuff gets resolved then buy."
,Not Recommended,211820,24572081,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,NullSiG,"such a shame it fell so short of its potential at release, i cannot recommend this game."
,Not Recommended,211820,24845664,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lives for Drama,The 1.0 cuts removed a lot of content and fun from the game. No more planet hopping and the missions feel basic and incomplete.
76561198030856178,Recommended,211820,31808438,Posted: 17 May,all,Target Practice,"As a builder in these types of games, this gives me so much to do. I have played days worth of time, and yet I still have so much to do, and so many new things to find. Ignoring the fact that they keep coming out with more and more stuff.Also as a collector, there is so many things to collect. So many things to find.And mods... they just make the game keep going!"
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,211820,24837709,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Gabriot,"When this game first came out on early access it was one of my favorite indie titles of all time.  The sense of exploration was greater than any game I had played at the time, the unique randomly generated worlds were interesting and randomized items and creatures were all quite well done.  There were good systems in place like a temperature gauge that factored in to things like being on a cold planet.  I would carry around my camp fire materials and sleeping bag and have to warm up when it got too cold.In typical early access fashion though, they worked hard to design an awesome base for a game, then dilly dallied for years pushing out tiny updates here and there that gradually just kept making the game worse and worse, until by the time ""1.0"" came out, they removed everything interesting from the game and just made basically a linear game with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story mode.  No more are there things such as temperature gauages.  Bosses come from quests instead of having ot explore the different types of worlds to gather materials and summon them.  You can just buy everything with pixels instead of exploring the crafting tree.  Randomized weapon effects are gone.   The game is just so boring and lackluster now.  Why are so many indie game devs destroying their games these days?  I honestly wish Early Access was never allowed to even be a thing.  I often wonder if the devs had to develop the entire game with the hunger they had before their first early access release, how awesome that game would have been?  I have yet to see any game really actually improve after going onto Early Access, and Starbound is unfortunately an example of yet another promising EA title that just stagnated.I guess some people are impressed by 1.0, I'm not sure why honestly.  It's just plain frustrating to me the way EA is treated."
76561198118046489,Not Recommended,211820,12975280,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,HoboGod,"It is... Ok, wait until it's finished though."
76561198026182504,Recommended,211820,8011706,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Calm_,You can fight penguinsUniverse/10
,Not Recommended,211820,12125101,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Andy C,"A little disappointed to tell the truth, not really much fun."
,Not Recommended,211820,12125114,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,carelessro,i regret thisnever buy a beta
,Not Recommended,211820,12129890,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,SwissArzt,"Starbound is a game full of surprises, although I have not seen many updates to the game. The game is just not my cup of tea.Would get a refund:11/10"
,Recommended,211820,17747617,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Phoenix,"Space booze.Space women.Hot space women.Hot space /plant/ women.Hot cannibal space plant women.Booze.Currency in the shape of small little squares.Guns.Swords.Explosions.Penguins.I dunno if I need to go on with this, this it pretty much worth what it's costing you.Gettit."
,Not Recommended,211820,11899146,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,ana is my mamari,"man i told all yall ♥♥♥♥♥s like months ago that this game was hella trashthen you ♥♥♥♥♥s was like, ""nah baby, we in dat peasant taste now, yhear me?""an i was like, ""boo, you got some fuggin axes and shovels and shi and ur in fuggin space? SPACE ♥♥♥♥♥? SPACE? WITH A SPACESHIP?""kids be thirsty for them crap pixel art and shi man"
,Not Recommended,211820,11817874,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,rogoznica,"I TRUSTED YOU, STARBOUNDBUT JUST LIKE EVERY INDIE-GAME I'VE EVER PUT HOPE INTO, YOU DID NOTHING♥♥♥♥ YOU STARBOUND YOU COULD HAVE SURPASSED TERRARIABUT INSTEAD, YOU JUST SIT THERE IN MY LIBARY NEVER FUFILLING THE PROMISES YOU MADEit's cubeworld all over again......."
76561198044178677,Recommended,211820,17765252,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mr. Geek,I like this game it is fun better then terraria mostly because it is for mac10/10 IGN like skyrim but 2D
,Not Recommended,211820,13004257,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Pitre,"no support, just another attempt at grabbing your money."
76561198150289690,Not Recommended,211820,24559204,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Atomic,"I bought this game to play with friends in a space-terraria type of way. but trying to start a server and play with friends is a unessicarilly difficult task that I couldnt get to work therefore, i have to give this game a no. If you want to play alone this game is rather fun"
,Not Recommended,211820,24620530,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,₳₭Ꮢa,"uh, been playing this game since it was first released in Alpha and over the years there have been some issues with framerate and optimization, but this time the ball was seriously dropped.It has been over a week and the game is virtually unplayable on a vast majority of devices. Heavy framerate issues exist that are unsolvable by messing around with files, please don't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ those ideas here. Chucklefish is aware of the multiple gamebreaking issues but i genuinely cannot recommend spending your money at this time, would be a waste until these problems are fixed, and there is no word on fixes in the immediate future. Losing my patience for this game and their crew."
,Not Recommended,211820,12185670,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"As an avid purchaser of Early-Access titles, I will admit that the system failed here. Too much hype too soon, and not enough product when released on Steam.Gaming is my main hobby, and so I try to play as many games as possible. I bought StarBound (several copies actually) and had to deal with character wipes for several months following. HERE IS THE THING: the situation may be different now, but there was a window of oppportunity where my attention (and money) was present - that time is gone now. Now I am off to other titles.To quantify actual in-game stuff I didn't like: it was too similiar to Terraria (at least when I played it), the code was horribly optimized, and the art was 'meh'."
76561198031112694,Not Recommended,211820,24500428,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,fallenscion,"I really want to be able to recommend this game, but the severe choppiness, on the order of 10-15 fps any time there are even simple particle effects on the screen is a deal-breaker. I have a Radeon R9 380 and a 4.1 GHZ AMD cpu. My rig can run current-gen graphics on High at least, yet this game (a simple, 2d side-scroller) acts as though I have a setup from 2005. Honestly, it's so poorly optimized as a game that it might run *better* on a 2005 machine.This issue has been around since early beta access too. They have had *YEARS* to fix this issue, and never have."
,Recommended,211820,25043216,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,TheFloofByr,I love it. Its like Terreria and No Mans Sky Fused. Only complaint so far is there needs to be contol input for controlers such as the xbox
,Not Recommended,211820,31780398,Posted: 15 May,all,Salixa,"Would be a fantastic game if the devs had not cut so many corners. My PC has all the recommended specs necessary and yet the game is too bulky to run properly and lags to the point of being rendered unplayable. After scanning many forums online I've realised that I am not alone in this issue, and despite actually seeing other people asking Chucklefish on the Starbound Facebook page for a fix, there has been no progress made in this regard as the developers seem to ignore all complaints. Don't get me wrong, this game would be amazing, like Terraria on steroids if it ran properly, and I'm very dissapointed to know many users (including myself) will not be able to experience this game to it's full potential until this particular issue (and a few others) are fixed.  It's a real pity, as I've been following Starbound ever since it started development and only now have had a computer that should be able to run it. Real let down after all these years of waiting.......On the plus side, and perhaps because of Starbound, I'm starting to appreciate Terraria now more than ever!"
,Recommended,211820,24481018,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Don,"It's very similar to Terraria, but better in almost everything:- Lore and main storyline, with characters giving you quests and sidequests in outposts, villages, etc.- Procedurally generated planets with different biomes which means different environments, enemies, ores... pretty much everything.- Better implemented RPG elements. You can cook diverse food recipes and you need to eat to stay alive in 2 out of 3 of the difficulty levels.- You can dual weild weapons, and use combinations like a 1-handed sword with a gun. Pretty dope.- Incredible soundtrack.- Addictive as it gets.However, it also has some stuff that needs to be polished like the UI. Fortunately though, the game supports mods right from the get go, and since the game's been out in the form of early access for a long while, we have a lot of mods to fix this for now and further enhance the amazing gameplay."
76561197971724802,Recommended,211820,24492080,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Starboundhas come a tremendous way from its first Early Access release. If you played any of the Early Access builds of the game, the first thing you will notice is that the game now actually has a story. Eventually, the game will send you to a kind of ""hub world"" space station, where you'll get a bunch of new quests. This is when the game really starts takes off. The hub world gives you a place to upgrade your items and abilities, purchase vehicles and supplies, and of course seek out new quests. Getting to this world and being shown some clear goals to work towards really gives you a purpose playing the game.Just likeTerraria, you can playStarboundalone or with friends. And, just likeTerraria, orMinecraftbefore it, it's more fun with friends. The game does get a bit easier when you can team up with a buddy, but that's okay.Visually, the game quite similar to the likes ofTerrariaandStardew Valley's pixel-art. That's not to say it isn't absolutely gorgeous though, with all of the little animations bringing life to the universe's inhabitants, and each planet being a beautiful, unique tapestry.Starboundis not without its faults. The game's UI is pretty un-intuitive - menus are difficult to navigate, equipping and using items is frustrating, and hotkeys are more confusing than helpful. Additionally, despite the overarching main quest line, there isn't enough in the way of a tutorial for new players - especially players who are completely new to the genre. It doesn't explain the crafting system at all, and is very vague on how to complete quests. The ""core fragment"" quest for example simply tells you to find them ""deep underground,"" without explaining how to get there, and more importantly, how to upgrade your gear to make it a bit less of a slog. I was able to figure things out based on my experience withMinecraftandTerraria, but the first hours of the game will be a confusing mess for newbies, and may switch them off the game completely.I can happily recommendStarboundto anyone with even a passing interest in the construction game genre thatMinecraftkicked off.THE GOOD- Has a lot of content- Infinite amount of exploration- Overall a fun gameTHE BAD- Can get repatitive- Limited tutorial- Un-intuitive User Interface9/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY | GOOD | GREAT |AMAZING| MASTERPIECE"
,Not Recommended,211820,24489136,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Commander,"This game completely misses the mark for one simple reason. Because there is too much to explore it's all too forgettable. I have watched this dev team do some strange things through the years both with the game and their company. I have been in their corner for a long time but ultimately every time I play Starbound I walk away feeling disappointed (In a ""i'll never get that time back"" kinda way)Do yourself a favor. Just play Terraria."
,Not Recommended,211820,24488373,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Void Signal,"The game looks good, but controls suck hard. They implemented a bunch of keyboard shortcuts for emotions, but there's no always run toggle. I see devs were focused on really important aspects."
,Not Recommended,211820,25077155,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Zeno Leau,"Now, I really enjoyed this game when it was in early access. It had quite a few flaws then, sure, but now that it's out of early access and into full release, I have quite the problem with it.I can't launch the game without the hardest case of lag imaginable hitting me directly in the face. It's the fact that I can't experience the full game at all. It's been almost a full month since it's big update, and I know I'm not the only person who's sent a message or tweet to Chucklefish about getting this fix.Furthermore, I wouldn't be upset with this if I just paid for it once, but I paid for two copies for both me and my partner. That's $29.98 for those preparing to count it out. And with that price, I could have bought plenty other games with a bigger promise of enticing me.I'd recommend this game, but for those who KNOW it will work and/or have a paycheck to waste."
76561198353875637,Recommended,211820,31725508,Posted: 13 May,all,AlwaysWatching1231,"Starbound is a great game and I recommend people to play it. It's like  Terraria except with space travel, fun missions, and lots of blocks to build with. The universe is at your access, all in one great game. :)"
76561198064642878,Recommended,211820,25357472,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kalifox,"Disappointed by No Man's Sky?Look no further. Starbound had NMS beat a LONG time ago. This game plays like a smart mix of Little Big Planet and Minecraft with a space-y theme which allows for a lot of diversity. Since the release a lot changed from the beta and I've noticed a few minor annoyances which weren't there previously, but otherwise I can't recommend this game enough if you're looking for something new to play with your friends."
,Not Recommended,211820,24579309,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ωωω,"I played Starbound a number of years ago and found it an enjoyable evolution of Terraria's sandbox/exploration concept, but it was clearly incomplete, so I set the game aside to wait for a proper release; I didn't even mind the long delay in development, since it suggested a better final product, but sadly the 1.0 release of Starbound still has an unacceptable lack of polish, and it fails to live up to the potential of being a successor to Terraria. It's in fact a clear step backwards from Terraria in many aspects:Annoying, poorly designed UI: unintuitive hotbar, panels always re-centering and being in the way, common items like food not stacking, hotbar items also taking space in the inventory, no convenient indicators for food spoiling, trashing spoiled food taking several clicks, no item search, no stack all function, slow unskippable cutscenes, visited planets not marked, no minimap, etc.Floaty controls; bad in a game that relies on jumping.Poor optimization: a PC that can smoothly run a game like GTA V on high settings shouldn't see the performance drops that Starbound has in busy areas or when zooming out.Lack of monster variety: everything's either a charging, flying or jumping monster or a humanoid; no minibosses; also almost nonexistent monster AI and pathfinding.Overall lack of balance: slow growing or replanted crops are pointless; farming is tedious, can't be automated and yields much less pixels than looting weapons; even mining can be supplanted by looting or buying ores; quest rewards are disproportional to the time investment, etc.Unsatisfying progression: too few tiers of upgrades, grindy main quest line, weird limitations for craftable weapon types at different tiers.Features that are tacked-on gimmicks, such as the ship crew, the (non-)challenges, the boring moons that are solely there for mining fuel, or all the fetch/escort side-quests.Halfbaked features like the gates that all lead to the Outpost.Lack of useful tips about important features like the quest objective compass, the scan quests also progressing by talking to NPCs, etc.Disjointed world: events like the boss fights are confined to non-sandbox instances, so it doesn't properly feel like part of the actual game; no interesting world events.Trite story and writing.Choppy map loading; the player will get stuck on the edge of the screen when moving too quickly, like with the hoverbike.The one upside of Starbound is the nice art style, but otherwise this release fails to live up to the hype or what could reasonably be expected from a game after 5 years in development. It's even questionable how much can be salvaged by mods, given the technological issues the game has. Overall, I wouldn't recommend this game in its current state; you'd have a much better time trying out Terraria instead and revisiting Starbound if/when it's actually designed with a proper vision."
76561198007926241,Not Recommended,211820,24561438,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Gentle Claw,"Massive let down after such a long wait.This was my first and last Early Access purchase on Steam. It has been an invaulable lesson for me and stopped me from buying another Early Access. I followed every single update from developers passionately for the first 2 years. Then i just kinda forgot about it.Why I had interest in this game? Because I loved Terraria. Let's be all honest here. This is Terraria in space.Developers continusouly promised amazing ideas and gave the impression that they were working day and night to implement these. Now looking at the current state of the game, I can't even think of a reason why they bothered even posting about those features.My last 1 year of following the game was nothing but their Facebook posts (at that stage I had already forgotten my login details for the actual forums). I generally trolled and asked if the game was out yet. The joke stopped being funny on itself after 6 months. Every post was about another amazing feature. Solid fan base liked posts up and any critisim was buried alive. Most common response was ""I would rather wait another year to have a finished product.""Well...You did. And what did we get?A game, when you open the inventory, it pops right on top of your character everytime. Yes. This is real. Now I am no software engineer but I am guessing with my uneducated knowledge, this shouldn't be too hard to fix.An abnoxious UI where button functions change at random (for example if you assigned Dirt to Action Button 3 left click and you die, all your items will drop at death location, suddenly something else will come in place of Action 3 left click, until you get back your items). What was wrong with Terraria style standard 1 - 2 - 3 - 4 - 5 - 6 set up? Who knows!Hunger is not a challenge or adds value. It is just annoying.20 minutes into game I have found a semi rocket/mine launcher weapon in one of the chests not too far from the surface. There is literally nothing that I can't kill in 2 shots on the starting planet. I am just looking at all the Iron swords, bows and other stuff i can craft... Why shoudl I even bother?To be honest I could continue writing a lot about other oddities but you will find much better reviews going into details of these below and above.What saddens me most is, I regualrly posted on their Facebook page the same opinion of mine;""Finished is better than perfect!""In the end we got this mess neither finished nor perfect!Terraria was a finished game. It was not perfect and you played in one planet. But there was always element of change in that environment. Things worked. Crafting made sense. Story (if you can call it that) was tolerable.I am not gona bother with Mods. Mods are meant to add value to an already finished product. Not ""fix"" issues, which should have been addressed by developers at the beginning.And would it kill them to fine out graphics a little bit? A little surprise for the fans who followed from the beginning. Go and check the mobile game Fallout Shelter. It's a couple of hundreds of MBs and that game has thrice the depth of this game in terms of character involvment and story.Very disappointing, so much potential wasted so inexplicably. Wait until it is on sale. Like 5 quid or something."
,Not Recommended,211820,24561706,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Why.j2‽,"1.0 is just a disappointing failure full of broken promises. I honestly want to know why chucklefish thought it was a good idea to neuter the game like this. I don't even know why they bothered making several different races now that everything is the same except just cosmetically looking different. Also, the story is generic and boring.I was having a lot of fun pre-release; getting hyped when they announced the release date, but now it's just flat out boring unless played with friends. With friends this game is tolerable.Is this game worth 15$? In my opinion, just barely. Terraria gives you waaaay more bang for you buck, even being 5$ cheaper. Wait for a sale."
,Not Recommended,211820,29769185,Posted: 7 February,all,Ludd Lowend,Enjoyed it because of its potential during early access. now its out of early access it's not even changed
76561198006670709,Not Recommended,211820,28013566,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gyhthy,"This game has had so many issues since release, I can't possibly write a good review. The last update was over 2 months ago as of this writing, and there are still a lot of issues people are seeing that haven't been addressed. For example, they still haven't fixed crew randomly duplicating themselves, and beyond that, fuel becomes an entirely useless commodity once you find the right crew member and have your fuel effiency over 100% (Yes, over 100% is possible). The gameplay is extremely repetative, and you'll often find yourself flooded with extra resources that you have nothing to do with.If these issues get fixed, and something gets done to the late game/end game to make it more interesting, then maybe this game has a chance of being on par with Terraria, but as it is, it still feels like its more of a Proof-of-concept than a full release."
,Recommended,211820,9111923,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,that_timelord_guy,"One of the best games of its type hands down. Whether you want to be a horse-masked fish person, or a wizard ape, this game  has just about anything for anybody. It combines the graphics of Terraria to make it a Space-Age 8-Bit graphiced sandbox game. Not even mentioning the references to other games, Starbound itself, and various TV Shows and pop culture, you can be anything or do anything with Starbound.(Did somebody say tentacle planets?)"
,Not Recommended,211820,30964732,Posted: 5 April,all,cold breath,"I bought into the hype train nearly Day-1 of release, however goddamn long ago that was.It's a good game, objectively. But it hasn't come nearly far enough in the time it's been out. So many removed features, kinda awful and very boring story.Best experienced modded, would reccomend if you're gonna do that!Also, no real excuse for a game like this to drop frames, and I was surprised to find out that's a really common problem in populated areas."
76561198081022337,Recommended,211820,18352428,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Fu IX,"I went to a moon with a friend. Spent 4-5 hours taking out liquids from it, because why not? 10/10 would suck up liquids again.PS- Lava planets were fun, especially discovering them before my friend did. Someone was burned to crisp quite a bit that day."
76561198048227814,Not Recommended,211820,13085290,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,ashikniaz,"Is this a good game? Is it worth 15 dollars? Probably not.This game had so much potential when it was released nearly a year ago, but since then little to no updates have occurred.The devs had promised fast and substantial updates, but little has come to fruition. They keep teasing updates on twitter that never seem to be delivered. The ability to unlock different sized ships was supposed to be released months ago! The only reason this game survives is because there is a modding community.I've put in a ton of hours into this game because i had hopes that as it would develop so would my toon. This is clearly not going to happen. My little Apex pilot has been sitting in his space ship awaiting my return, but unless drastic changes happen soon this is likely never going to happen."
76561198072720027,Recommended,211820,16924524,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Jeff,"Guys I get it, it's been in early access for a while. It's not ""completed"" yet and that pisses a lot of you off. However, there are a LOT of amazing things about this game. First of all, let's get this out of the way. The art style is amazing, I absolutely LOVE the soundtrack and the game runs very fast. Second, this big update redid the whole progression system. I think that with a few more tiers, this could be a better progression than any other survival game, although it already surpasses most. When the update came out me and my bro immediantly downloaded it and thats where most of my time  came from. I also have a lot of hours in the unstable which I belive those are seperate from the hours I have here. I've done about 3 characters if you're including the two before the update, and I already have 66 hours. Also the looting system is AWESOME, it's not RNG unlike games like terraria. When you find a chest, which trust me you will find a lot of, you're almost guarenteed to find a weapon which power is determined by the tier planet you're on. The gameplay is ridiculously fun, although I'm not a huge fan of the missions. The game also has some big background lore if you're into that kind of stuff. There is an amazing crafting system with just so many options, espicially in the lategame. If you don't want to, you don't even have to build a base unlike most survival games, you can get the ship upgrades, which are all different depending on your race. Also let's not forget the sheer size of this universe. There are SO many planets, it forms in a certain pattern, and it would be simply impossible to explore the whole universe. You can fly anywhere inside your solar system for free, but you can hop to another system using fuel, which you will most likely use liquid etherium, found on moons. I could go on forever about this game, but there's too much to love. I know that the game isn't finished, but it's 15 bucks and you can get SO much time in it. Just try it, you won't be dissapointed."
76561198031762150,Not Recommended,211820,12239335,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,OneLastDrink,Enough said about the developer of this game:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198082557773/recommended/211820/
76561198030776590,Not Recommended,211820,25002726,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,marinertheraccoon,"I really liked this game until THE critical mission where you finally get your engines online to travel to distant planets was irreparably broken, leaving me stuck forever.  Please fix this bug.  August 18, 2016."
,Not Recommended,211820,25480939,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,okimarobot,Do Terraria instead. Hands down. Terraria is a good version of what this should be. Or starbound is a bad version of what terraria is. one or the other.Pros of starbound:torchesdedicated mining spotplanet idea kinda coolcons of starbound:weapons suck. period. they are clumsy and not fun. there is zero wow factor to any of the weapons in this game. kinda like when diablo 3 released and you get through the hardest mode to kill diablo and he drops grey items. worst let down ever.enemies are ALL simple and boringcontrols and clumsyhud is horrible.
,Not Recommended,211820,33344684,Posted: 7 July,all,Dranzer,"I've tried to meet Starbound half-way on several occasions, but ultimately it just isn't a very good game.The biggest flaw I feel is the game's progression - It's dry and repetitive, somehow managing to be both mind-numbingly linear while still feeling completely aimless. The second biggest issue is probably your character's power curve - You'll spend a great deal of time being frustrated at how ineffectual your weapons feel, and when you finally uncover better weapons, they're ""okay"" at best. It feels like your power level is always below that of your enemies, which might have made the game frustrating, but because of how inept the enemies actually are, it just feels tedious.How about the exploration? Well, all the planets have similar meandering networks of caves going through them. They don't give you much room to get around and they don't contain much in the way of interesting treasure. The wallpaper  changes, but the actual environments don't tend to.What about the construction aspect? Well, your ship is race locked and fixed in its design and progression, upgrading it is tedious, many items are hidden behind the RNG, and there's not much reason to build a standard base of opperations anyway. You keep things in your ship because you have little reason not to.There are asterisks to all these. Perhaps the lategame gets interesting. Maybe there are truly fascinating environments to explore, weapons to find, and a purpose to building a space station. But even if Starbound becomes thrilling at the 11th hour, none of those things matter because the game you have to play to get to that point is like wading through sludge.Worth playing academically, but beyond that, you'd probably have more fun playing Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,8037091,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,cool droneo,"yo dude u get 2 be a bird in dis mayne yo i just whip out the meat when i see dat bird n jus get beatin like god damn its the most erotic♥♥♥♥♥♥ever in space get it n make a bird n beat hard until ur dry n bleedin n u got like 50 scabs from itlol but dont expect to keep ur char for long they keep ♥♥♥♥in doin character wipes n♥♥♥♥♥♥n use ""itz a beta"" as an excuse like motha ♥♥♥♥a i kno u can make an update without deletin all the characters foo dont b steppin like dat, penguin motha ♥♥♥♥as.10/10 hot birds, wait until beta ends for maximum sexy bird 2 beat it to"
,Not Recommended,211820,24750209,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Aye!,"In short, the developers of this game pulled off the good ol' Bethesda. What does that even mean, you ask? That the game by itself is boring, lacking quality of life features, and just not fun in general. However, it IS easily moddable, and the community is already making really good improvements that make the normally bad game worth playing.I don't recommend buying the game by itself, but if you're willing to put some effort into it, by making it shine with tons of mods... It can be worth it.Either way, if you are considering to buy and mod it, I'd STILL recommend waiting for more/better mods, and maybe official content updates. The devs canned many interesting things to release it at once, so who knows, maybe now that they released it and got a stable base, they'll slowly add the content they canned."
,Not Recommended,211820,13463052,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Skye33,"This game had such great promise. When I first purchased it, I loved playing... but the complete lack of respect towards the customer base from the developers has completely turned me away from not only this game, but any game they put out in the future.This game was supposed to be done in Dec of 2013, they even promised refunds if it wasn't finished by then... of course when the crap hut the fan and things weren't finished, and it has now been almost a year since a stable update, and they refuse to give any kind of refunds. If I could give more than one thumb down, I would."
,Recommended,211820,10096432,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Fresh,Has female gorilla monkey aliens.10/10
76561198073749683,Not Recommended,211820,24571338,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Roflcopter,"Great, this game again.One of the worst early access games ever, but atleast it's past that point.This game has a few issues, mostly relating to combat, crafting, the internal decorating and the lack of anything to do after three hours of saying ""wow, that looks cool"".The combat is sluggist and unpolished. It's unbalanced and lacks alot of content. The weapons are usually guns and melee weapons, but on the off chance it could be one of those useless wands. The guns require just about as must energy as the delorean with a time machine in the back and the melee weapons either have a stupidly long swing time or deal no damage at all.The planets and biomes are just about as unique as the people who praise this game. The biomes appear in unsuited planets, or planets appear in unsuited solar systems. I managed to find a few floran villages on a planet raining fire... The biomes get old after a while and only serve the purpose of looking cool for a handful of seconds.The races make no sence, and have just about as much background as a sticker on a brick wall. The choice of your race means nothing other then the appeal of said choosen race. You can come with the amazing comeback relating to the weapons and armour the races get, but it becomes void as it means little to nothing since the benefits of the armour are so little.The UI design is horrible. It's messy, unsorted and completly terrible to look at. The hotbar is fiddly and the inventory sorting they ""tried"" to make works no wonders. The inventory appears in front of your character rather than the sides which really adds to the fun involved with getting mobbed while sorting your now unorganised inventory.The idea of setting up base on a planet is once again made useless, as everything other then colonisation is easily done on the ship. The whole colonisation thing is useless, as you'll never reap any benefits from it other than the fun ""go kill someone quests"", or better yet the ""go fetch an item for me"" quest.The crew system is another pointless addition to this burning pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ The crew mostly laze around doing nothing, as nothing has been made for them to do  and the only point in having them is to increase the size of your ship, which can be easily avoided with the super, easily obtained fake licenses.I don't have much to say about the fossils and the little thing that hovers around the ship, mostly because those ""features"" serve no purpose.The game is an ocean with the depth of a kiddy pool and lacks any sort of reasonably good features. Maybe if the game had good features like hailing, systems on the ship, encounters in space and many others I might of recommended this game, but in its current state i can'tBut hey, this project still has 8 more years of run time, so maybe it'll be different later, maybe."
76561198118882613,Not Recommended,211820,17543153,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,AlmostAwkward21,"When I purchased this game I was in the early stages of my dive into PC gaming. It looked like a cool concept, my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ laptop could run it, and hell.. I just wanted something to occupy my time when I was bored. I mean, Early Access?? What the hell does that mean? I feel so stupid for being so naive. When I purchased this game I lived in my mother and father's basement. I spent my time out of college playing this game and Team Fortress 2 with friends. It was a fun time until the promised update never came. I type now and I need to say that in that period of time. I married the woman of my dreams, I went through my first loss as a man, and I own my own house. Both my wife and I are settling into careers. And the game is STILL IN ♥♥♥♥ING EARLY ACCESS."
,Not Recommended,211820,30847617,Posted: 30 March,all,Denzus,"Not as good as Terraria.Yes I know, I shouldn't compare them, they are different games. But let's be honest here, they share so very many similarities.I will start possitively. If what you like is exploration for exploration sake, (with pretty minimal depth), Starbound is great for that. Starbound is more a 2D exploration/walking simulator mixed with a quest based adventure.  I enjoyed the variance of races, structures, planets, and the universe as a whole.My first problem, is that depth is surface deep. Sure I love wandering into an unknown civilization and exploring, learning. But here it's just some structure(s) on a planet, occupied by unexplained entities, with minimal canned text lines, no depth of story and lore to speak of, nothing past the surface to explore. Where is the mystery? Variety doesn't mean anything if that variety doesn't exist for a reason outside of ""more stuff"".This is where my second and more major issue comes in. All of that lack of world building depth can be forgiven to a degree so long as the gameplay and progression are satisfying and rewarding. Problem is, it's not. It's as though they took everything that made Terraria fun, and threw it all out of the window.  For starters, outside of the stuff on the surface of the planets, there's no reason to ever go digging around.  Underground exploration ius even more pointless and tedious than surface exploration. The combat is boring and unintersting. Your weapon choices are super generic gun/sword/bow choices and any progression is barely noticable. Weapons don't feel unique or fun to use in any real way. Traveling until you get a hover bike (even then it doesn't traverse well) is SLOOOOW and so god damned BORING. You spend 90% of your time walking through uninteresting, boring terrain.Seriously if I had to sum it up in a couple of words, the game is slow paced and boring. Maybe it would be fun on a large server of people, but i don't know, even that probably couldn't save it.  I wanted to like this game so much,, but really, I just couldn't get into it.Go play more Terraria instead."
76561198042512462,Not Recommended,211820,23044942,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Combat,"I'm sure glad I'm the only Novakid in the entire universe!(Starbound is like Icarus. It flew too close to the sun, and didn't get released in 2013. I think that's how the story went.)(Oh! So you want the soundtrack? Give us five dollars!)"
,Not Recommended,211820,24647713,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,SanicDaHergedog,"I'm sorry, i gave this game a chance. I tried 17 hours of it and i've only had around 2 hours of fun.It's boring, there's nothing there. I shouldn't say there's nothing there, i should say that everything in this game means nothing.Adventuring - Nothing is there that you want or would need. You only need to adventure to find colonies where you left click on everything or get extremely boring and monotonous quests of sending you on a wild goose chase to get to the fun parts of the game which last around 1 hour each quest and there's 6 of them. So i've spent roughly 14 hours adventuring and i've only gotten 1 hour of actually fun content from it. Great game right?Building - This game does give you one thing though, and that's cosemetics and blocks. Both of them are useless. Cosemetics don't add anything truly substantial to the game and the blocks are just useless. Lets put it this way, they give you an infinite number of worlds to ""adventure"" in. By that, i mean an infinite number of rocks in space that mean nothing to you after you leave them. Sure you can build on them but what does it matter? they're forcing you to fly from planet to planet anyways. You can't stay on one planet at all. So you must be able to build on something right? You need a base. Well they give you one for free that automatically expands itself. You can't expand it though and there's almost no room for any fun building to be done. You HAVE to build your crafting stations and storage in the ship, you literally cannot make anything cool or substantial in the small base that they give you. It's been 17 hours and i've only gotten one expansion to it.Quests - The quests are mainly the only game you'll find. But the only fun quests are hard to find or they're the main story quests. Imagine WoW's quests... now take away every ounce of fun and effort from them and make the reward a dog turd. You made a starbound quest. They're short, boring, and do nothing but give you money to eventually buy a new weapon that's replaced by an item from the main story quest anyways. Now this ""main story quest"" is not only where you find your items but it's the only motivation for playing this game. Basically, they're quests where you get sent on a wild goose chase for colonies where you have to adventure around on planets, which gets boring really fast, and you pray to god that you didn't waste 10 mintues on another planet. Once you finally finish the first part of the main story quest, you get sent to a fun dungeon. The items were great, the dungeon was fun, the enemies were challenging but not impossible and it was something new. Then it ends after around 30 minutes to 1 hour. And if the story is correct, you do this 5 more times, and then fight the final boss.TL;DR - The game is fun, if it allows itself to. There is fun in the game but it's hidden under hours and hours of monotonous, tedious, boring, lifeless, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ quests which give you nothing. You can adventure, but there's nothing gained form it. You can mine but there's nothing gained from it. You can do quests but they're boring. The only thing fun is the main story quest, but that can be boring also. I just can't recommend this game after taking 17 hours to have around 2 hours of decent content. It's just not good. It doesn't matter what game there is or what i missed, if i played and  did almost every aspect of the game for 17 hours and finished a sixth of the main quest, i should have gotten somewhere or had fun at some point. If i've missed something ""fun"" then tell me, I really want to enjoy this game, but it's a huge disappointment as of now."
76561198042807633,Not Recommended,211820,25865647,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Spaghetti,"Summing up this game after it left EA: Led astray by a misleading community and developed by egomaniac artists. It has great graphics and neat features but with a repetetive, dull, and lacking story. Unprofessional, shady, and questionable interactions with the community as a whole. A real shame because so much of this was cool: the endless space exploration, farming, and building... but all of this is hindered and optional, and doesn't add much to the experience. Combat is one of its weakest points with a mediocre AI and clunky melee. They have unique abilities, which is cool but doesn't make up for its shortcomings. Despite having a huge array of generated loot, you are given a very limited set of weapons you can craft, which is just lame.To be fair with this review, I'd like to list it's major strengths and weaknesses. Like mentioned, it looks great and some in depth features; building and farming had a large amount of appeal because, well, you do can do so much with your own creativity and that drew me in, not to mention colonies (non-essential and kind of a bother unless you want extra work and don't care about what you get in return.) It however has a bland story, with a somewhat interesting basis, but a terrible execution relying on a dull, repetitive pre-mission quest. It does still have a number of bugs it needs to iron out as well a few random performance problems.I might be blunt but I can understand how people can overlook the shortcomings of this game and enjoy it. I however do not recommend it. Watch some gameplay before you decide on this game. However, Terraria is more worth it than this game."
,Recommended,211820,17536959,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,TNSEE,"The stock game hasn't changed much in the YEARS its been in early access.  Start with nothing, mine materials, and upgrade your gear and ship and face a boss to move on.  Repeat cycle until the last tier.The ONLY thing that has made this game worth investing 200+ hours in was the mass availability of mods through thier site.  (Workshop would have been better)  I was a mod author my self through a couple of versions of the game, but got tired of updating it every patch, since the game wasn't really progressing any.There are MODs that make building colonies on plantes fun, or adding crew to your ship, different race packs, and tons of other features.  Sadly I think the dev's are relying on the MOD authors to actually flesh out content for the game as there hasn't been a significant change to the core in years now.TL;DR:   Buy for the ability to mod, and enjoy what the community has put together.  Don't buy if you are actually hoping the DEVs are going to finish the game."
,Not Recommended,211820,16480810,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,slugger,the only excuse for the devs to abandon this game is if they got blown to piecesthey're still alive
,Not Recommended,211820,14297227,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Joe_Rom,"This Review is from the ""Winter"" Update and doesn't reflect any updates since February 2015. I do plan on picking it up again and will change the review to reflect new content.I find it hard to truly recommend Starbound. Is it fun? Definitely, and the update really brought a lot to the table. But the game really boils down to;Go to new planet.Dig down to mine new ore.Craft new armor.Get new mission.Beat mission.Get new tech to survive harder planets.RepeatI found myself painfully aware of this scheme after doing it for the third time. While many games do boil down to repitious tasks, this game did little to hide that fact.I've been to roughly 20 or more planets since the update, and while they all look different they feel very, very similar. The same goes for the beasts. I don't believe I've run into the same mob the entire playthrough, yet I feel I'm fighting the same creature every time.This fact greatly lends itself to the overall repetitive feeling the game portrays. All I'm saying is don't hand me an apple you just painted purple, and tell me it's different from the apple you just handed me five minutes ago.Another point of contention I have is the insane amount of items in the game, many of which do absolutely nothing. I found myself constantly visiting wiki sites to cross reference the item for crafting/building purposes only to find that it is what it is and nothing more. For a game that seems to center around crafting, there are way too many ""found"" items that, to me, take away from the crafting aspect. Maybe in a future update the items will have some further purpose, but for now it seems as if the devs are spending way to much time making new sprites and not enough time programming. <--HahaEnough negative though. The game, overall, is actually very enjoyable if you can look past the repetitive nature of the game in it's current state. Exploring is fun. Picking out random planets of the vast cosmos of star systems is exciting. Employing different fighting styles out of the numerous weapons/guns you will find feels purposeful, and always changing depending on the enemy you are fighting. By that I refer to npc enemies, not beasts, whom you will tire of fighting after the umpteenth planet you visit, and thousandth ""creature of unspeakable horror"" you obliterate.Overall I don't think I can give this game a ""recommend"" just yet. With games like Terraria out there, there are just better alternatives. Unless you already own Terraria, and Minecraft, etc, in which case I then say ""maybe."""
76561198040519010,Not Recommended,211820,24620142,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Blooz,A poorly optimized lackluster attempt at being a sci-fi successor to terraria.
,Recommended,211820,17710576,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Squidybandit,"This game is Awesome, Especially for being in early access! This game offers alot for a beta! Definitely would reccomend!"
,Not Recommended,211820,13511351,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,ƸOƷ,"I played this game when it was still in development, and stopped when they continuously had issues with the character/world saves. The developers didn't seem to have a good grasp on how to retain player data while updating the game. This prompted me to stop playing until Starbound was more developed.Fast-forward to a few days ago, when my friends prompted me to play on the Nightly build: I was actually enjoying many of the changes made and was looking forward to the latest changes being released. However, once more my player and world saves were erased (they claim with this latest wipe that it's temporary). Needless to say this has made me regret my purchase. Nearly a year later and I can't play this game without fear of losing my in-game stuff. I would not recommend this game in its current state. Play Minecraft or Terraria. Don't play this game if you want to keep what you've worked for."
,Not Recommended,211820,13290913,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,hurkadur,"I used to believe in this game, now I have given up hope.Not a [stable] update since april 26 2014.The nightly builds they glorify seem to be disabled for steam users.Forums are filled with fanboys of blindfaith and moderators who willban those who criticize the scam this game has become.Go back to Terraria if you know what's best for ya."
,Not Recommended,211820,13276895,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Isaac,"Game has been in the making for quite some time and is yet to be released officially.Content gets released in small and really slow paces and the game is quite lacking in the department of it.The game is supposed to be about exploring yet you as the player do not get quite rewarded as you explorer the ""huge"" universe you are put into.Promising game that didn't deliver :("
,Not Recommended,211820,20450252,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,bleckboys,"Starbound has somehow managed to polish a rough gemstone into and even rougher one with it's recent updates. They seem to be adding in things and are seemingly pointless and outclassed by things already existing the game. So thus, those other things get nerfed. It's a seemingly endless cycle. They've somehow manage to make the game even worse update by update. This game has godawful progression, grindy as hell gameplay, and the touted ridiculous amounts of planets are simply pointless when you realise they're all in essence the same. There is no reason to build due to the ship upgrades other than the colony system, which in itself is just a distraction before you realise that there's nothing to this game. You go through 4 boring questlines which consist of mining in a new system that has a new meaningless gimmick and then entering an instanced dungeon with a poorly made boss at the end. This system of progression only serves to remove the little sandbox freedom you had.Get Terraria and forget about this broken mess that will likely never be fixed with updates, and perhaps will get even worse."
,Not Recommended,211820,17158598,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Hazmatt,"I played this game plenty, though most hours were before I got it on steam.  Had a great time, but I'm disapointed in how long it has been in early access, and the very sparse updates that have come out.  This game might be amazing when it's finished, but it's really taking it's time..."
,Not Recommended,211820,13104460,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Dangerous Beans,Early access fail.
76561198052042602,Recommended,211820,16485316,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,treiz84,"Love this game. Terraria may seem to be more ""complete"" in terms of content expected, but this game has so much more potential to it to try to fill. It plays across a universe for crying out loud, what couldnt be implemented in this game?"
,Not Recommended,211820,13491367,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sejuk,"There is a big trend in Early Access games.  Basically, some rookie Developers get together, start working on a game, then when its good enough as a demo, they release it as what is know as ""Early Access"" and what happens is the intended game has some great concepts but never gets created. After it is released it gets some updates here and there then... where'd the updates go? Almost as if the rookie devs made bank and ran off to Hawaii to never be heard of again. This is one of those Early Access games. You will feel emptier in life after buying and playing this.The whole idea of giving them feedback and seeing results is a myth for Early access games, in the long run steam is going to hurt from this..."
,Recommended,211820,8592245,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Spacefish,"True everything kills you pretty quick and it is a bit buggy but otherwise this game is a better version of Terraria, being able to go from planet to planet (fueled on coal lol) gives it so much more freedom and variety. There are quite a vast amount of dungeons and biomes to explore, but it is still in level one beta so much more is no doubt on the way."
76561198037236700,Recommended,211820,8505773,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sweetpallyd,awesome game
76561198047218219,Recommended,211820,8448680,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mad Max,AWesome! But still in early works! So there is gonna be quite a bit of bugs but still! AWESOME
,Recommended,211820,9309887,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Shiny Power,This a simple looking game with immense amount of content and the snadbox aspect is very well done.This is a great purchase especailly at the offered price. The self created linux server could be improved as single player data causes issues
,Recommended,211820,9640148,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Freshcookie,"Unfairly treated as a Terraria clone. On the surface, it looks a lot like terraria, but very quickly you will realize that this game is a whole different beast. For an early access game there is a lot to it, with a plethora of crafting, creativity, and just stuff in general to see and experience. Although, the game does fall into the grind-like problem it's founding fathers suffer from. But it's a small price to pay for such a gem."
,Recommended,211820,9683643,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Dick,"Definitely a work in progress. But a wonderful work in progress!I can see myself losing massive tracks of time on this game. Wait, is it almost 3am?"
76561198082063634,Recommended,211820,8615824,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Suicide Ride,Don't play this unless you want to get addicted
76561198036485176,Recommended,211820,8997013,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,大daiKuma熊,"So far, having a lot fo fun with this game. If you are a fan of Terraria you will be a fan of this. With crisper graphics, a more interesting system, and more content sure to be on the way, it has the makings of a great game and the potential of far surpassing Terraria."
76561198001133949,Recommended,211820,8128383,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Big Bad Wolf,9/11 was an inside (hand) job
,Recommended,211820,8929528,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,ite,this is a awesome game should toatally keep up work this game is a 10/10 game i love this game
76561198070538457,Recommended,211820,8200279,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The God,"This game is amusing, however not up to its full potential YET! GET IT!"
,Recommended,211820,9367434,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Sassafras,"An amazing two-dimensional space game, chock-full of adventure for any type of gamer. Farmers, looters, fighters, questers, even librarians have a place for fun in it. The pricetag is fully worth the gameplay. I fully hope you all can join me in this fantastic space game!"
,Recommended,211820,7930155,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Fealon,This game is so much fun. With seemingly endless planets to explore its going to take a while to explore it fully. But I'm having a blast with it so far.
76561198125556359,Recommended,211820,8995874,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,SaintHaru,Awesomeness....... IN SPACE!
76561198115826120,Recommended,211820,8791211,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,QuaLouie280,its just to good
,Recommended,211820,8081377,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Zombie,Great game. Gets boring if you are alone. Easy to finish no real skills required. Kinda short to get all the armors.:P9/10
,Recommended,211820,7967240,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Blaine,"For a beta, this game already has a solid foundation and has what it takes to hook you on an epic journey. When you first discover your navigation system, you immediately get a sense of how vast the Starbound universe is. The crux of this game is clearly fixated on exploration and discovery. It is littered with randomly generated NPC's, monsters, planets, weapons, among other things. Not to mention the huge amount of base content that the generation is built upon. Thirty hours into the game I'm still finding an insane number of new items, blueprints, and abilities. While yes, it is another crafting game, it also sets itself apart in its own ways. The art, sound effects, and music immerse you in the proper environments and situations to really get a handle on what's happening. If I can publicly gush about this game and not care if anyone I know reads this, there's a good chance you should be playing this."
,Recommended,211820,8044296,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Neji Hyuga,This game is absolutely amazing even in its beta state. I have been playing with friends for a while and I am enjoying it more than I normally would on a new game. This game is so immersive and exciting. I can see myself playing this game for a loooong time. 10/10. I recommend this outstanding game to any player who enjoys a good challenge with a sandbox twist!
,Recommended,211820,10103740,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,BB,It's like a Little Big Planet / Minecraft Hybrid :D
76561198030726592,Recommended,211820,8708048,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Marc,An great game that once the final wipe happens will be amazing.
,Recommended,211820,7955577,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,【ツ】,"Most enjoyable!  Quests, NPCs who can join your party, multi-player across multple worlds - I don't want to say this is what Terraria should have been, but..."
,Recommended,211820,8542757,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,DeFyGaming,This is one of the best games out there currently. A definite must get.
76561198077178637,Recommended,211820,8419307,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mclydesdale,I love this game so much EVEYONE MUST GET IT
,Recommended,211820,7961661,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rex,♥♥♥♥♥♥Buy dis gam
,Recommended,211820,8034839,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Profoundly Broken,"Wow, this game is so much fun!!!REVIEW UPDATED!!!! 06/30/14This game is still in early access, but it is STILL loads of fun!I know that entire crew just migrated to a place in the UK so they can work on the game as an entire team.That being said, the development cycle can a slow and irritatingly harsh mistress when dealing with the user base. I speak from experience because I am a full time developer for a large telecom company in the US.Yes, it may be fashionable to bash the developers for not making much progress, but they do have their hands full trying to keep everything going while keeping the fan base happy.They are doing a fine job living up to the expectations of getting Starbound to a complete state."
,Recommended,211820,9311377,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,bones82,"If there were a game Oscars, Starbound would be in the top 3.Okay, its like terraria in space, but with MUCH moar customization.Your race, ship, and home can all be made however you want.And its online too. So yay.I totaly reccomend this to all my friends.-slook"
,Recommended,211820,8564065,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,S'bo,"Get all of your money and spend it on this game right now!For real though--sickhouse world and NPC generation, insane crafting system, sweet quests/storyline, and the stellar (huehue) soundtrack really brings it all together.So good I actually used the screenshot functionality of Steam for the first time ever.Totally worth, 666/420, would buy again."
,Recommended,211820,8940925,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Rainbow Beatz ♥,"This is a must play Game ! ive found playing Terria and mine craft alone got a bit lonely and boring after a day , but starbound  feels like your atacly on a adventure  :D but the only down side is AND ITS A BIG DOWN SIDE !!!  if u join some one in mutiplayer on there server and you hardly know them they can get your IP adress and this has to be fix ASP !! i would love to be able to make a piravte server with out the cost and with out the cost of my privacy PLEASE FIX THIS !¬!!!"
,Recommended,211820,7975690,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Noah,"Becareful of the wipe that is coming up in a few days (Today's post is Dec-8-2013) This game is wonderful and amazing.  The music was actually producted by the same composer that produced the music for Terraria but the thing is, is that the game was developed by a independent group of devs.  This game is a mixture and it brings very very cool gameplay to something that looks so simple, and there's UNLIMITED worlds to travel to. Even though this is BETA, this game is HUGE. I express that in every sense of the word.  There is already so much content for a game that is basically ""Alpha"" even though this is beta.  The game is in it's first release cycle so there will be some bugs here and there but truthfully i've never seen a bug. I've never had any problems with the game so far.  There are updates that will include pets. and there are 6 playable races and more come!!! (There are a lot more content in the game but I'm not going to spoil it for you, and believe me, music is one it's highlights.)This game must be the one game that I've been waiting for over anything else, it beats minecraft in the sense that the game is fresh and new, and this makes Terraria look like it was made by a grade schooler."
,Recommended,211820,8514888,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gibbons,A fantastic game especialy when your playing together with friends. I highly recomend finding a community to play with it makes the gaming experience that much more. And to think the games not even done yet and theres so much to see and do! Im looking forward to the next patch which hopefully should be the last character wipe of the beta.
,Recommended,211820,8859235,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,M4rt1nV,"No more character wipes, time to really get into it now!"
,Recommended,211820,8213306,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cyrus 👌👌👌,10/10 pegiun Genocide
,Recommended,211820,8188006,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GEORGE GROPENSTEIN,gr8
,Recommended,211820,9154172,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,CAILLOU FOR ANTI-PRESIDENT 2020,The sense of solitude and exploration has me completely hooked.
76561198057355327,Recommended,211820,8163165,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,The Great Uniter,Starbound has taken over my gaming llife..... it is truly an amazing game i couldnt be more pleased with a beta game.
76561198063422081,Recommended,211820,10163948,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,{FOX} Lethal Clone,"I really enjoy this game, it's definitley worth the money! I like the fact that the universe is endless and you can just keep exploring.While it is still in beta, it's still a great game and I can't wait for more updates and features."
,Recommended,211820,8017240,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Rinse,"Some people think it's the same as Terraria, but it's not. This game is way bigger, and I mean world generation. This game, it's just, just buy it because it's AWESOME!"
76561198092204845,Recommended,211820,9993364,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Aether,Very good recomend it for everyone
76561198065257690,Recommended,211820,7985769,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,real drake,Get it!
76561198064882488,Recommended,211820,8086697,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TheRogueBeard,"This game is lots of fun, obviously more fun with friends :)  lots of things to do and collect wish there was more random generation but the game is in beta so that may be coming. dont regret buying this game ill play it for many hours to come :)"
,Recommended,211820,15590468,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Stupid Jerk,"Starbound, in its current stage, is a great game. It's not perfect, for sure, but if you love games like Terraria and Spelunky, there are a lot worse things you can buy for fifteen dollars. What has kept me interested ever since release is that they give almost daily news updates (which can be seenhere.) on their development progress, and the different projects they're all working on. Too many early access games sit in a perpetual dead zone, where you're lucky to even receive confirmation that the developers are still working on it.It has yet to reach Terraria levels of polish and awesomeness, but there's more than enough content here to make it worth the purchase, and great things are on the horizon. Even if you somehow exhaust the game of all its content, it has a thriving modding community where one can find all manner of quality user-made content.Basically, this is an early access game that's more complete than some fully released games, and although actual stable updates can take awhile, you can easily keep up with development rather than being kept in the dark. I fully recommend it."
76561198073406961,Recommended,211820,8389601,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tatertot2222,I love this game with all my heart. I own terraria and love it but this is just amazing. Ive already bought 3 4 packs for me and my friends and if you like games like terraria and minecraft this is the game for you
,Recommended,211820,8347451,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Captain Daddy,"I was very nervous when buying this game; I didn't want to buy a poorly-made Terraria clone. But I realized that this game was not a clone, it was a fun-filled adventure through the stars and planets. It is a well made game, with some bugs. But they aren't very noticable and they don't conflict with gameplay. If you love adventure and exploration and LOVE variety, I implore you to pick this game up. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,9792323,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,TwinetheFool,"Let me sum this game up for you, space terraria fun monsters planets quests content get it. Now what are you waiting for??? I told you to get it already!"
,Recommended,211820,7924722,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,BOMBARDERA,"Its like terraria.. WITH SPACE and platypus monsters. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes terraria and other survival,adventure rpg kinda games.   5/5 koska vesinokkaeläin hirviö5/5 because platypus monster"
,Recommended,211820,8563937,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Grav-Drag00n,"I always wanted to be an interstellar gas bag, a cowboy as well, why not both."
,Recommended,211820,8415005,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Yelpet,"This game is astounding, and it's so amazing how an indie game can surpass so many big-budget games in quality. The real amazing part is that this game is in beta! It's not even done and it's better than over 90% of the games I have played lately. Sure it has some bugs, but none of them are really game-breaking. I can't wait to see where Chucklefish goes next with this nearly masterpiece idea. I'd definitely give this game my highest recommendation."
,Recommended,211820,8303389,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,kenoba10,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,211820,9361650,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,SMM,A bit hard at first this 'terraria clone' is awsome after you've collected enough experience
76561198077856414,Recommended,211820,8212508,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,"Actually, It's Timmy Turntwig","Starbound is an awesome game!!! If you were wanting to choose from terraria to starbound, honestly they both are awesome! Starbound is a terraria but in space and in planets. Although, there are some cool features in that are in starbound ust like terraria. It is definetly worth the money!"
,Recommended,211820,8597346,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,The_Smartass,You dont have to wear pants in this game... :)
,Recommended,211820,8989844,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Preston Garvey,"Holy crap, Starbound. That is pretty much all I have been saying for the past week. I seem physically unable to speak any other words besides these. This game may appear to be similar to Terraria, and maybe. But it has a different focus than Terraria. It is like comparing Minecraft to Terraria almost. They are similar, but they are built around different objectives. Minecraft is focused on building, Terraria on fighting, and Starbound on exploration. Any person who enjoys space exploration will for sure love this game. And unlike any other sandbox game that is currently popular, it has a story. For each race. It is definitely a really good game that any sandbox/exploration fan should pick up."
,Recommended,211820,8711605,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,trip,"Great game! Love the concept, i realise that it is still in Beta but i would appreciate it if they could optimize more graphic cards because my Nvidia doesn't run well with Starbound..."
76561198042798086,Recommended,211820,8052163,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mina (computer is being crap),"Okay so first off as i write this review the game is still in beta and is not complete, so with that in mind this review is reviewing the game as such and not as a finished product: Are you at all a fan of sandbox-based games with building elements, similar to terarria or minecraft? Are you in the mood for something just a tad different than those? Well that's what starbound is. It's a relatively simple idea, based mostly around the setup of Terarria (one of the heads of this game worked on Terarria as well, and this is now his baby). It's a sidescrolling sandbox builder game. However, it is far more in-depth than Terarria, with a lot of features that give you more to do besides just randomly dig or walk around. I mean, you still do those things mostly, but random 'dungeons' and buildings spawn along with villages, and some of these buildings  are fairly large and pretty much become an adventure in themselves, jumping over electrified floors or avoiding blade traps, platforming and fighting the inhabitants. The towns have shops with buyable goods of different types. There are a multitude of weapons of many types, from axes, swords, spears and daggers to guns. You can dual wield your 1 handed weapons, or take one and a shield. You can keep your default outfit for looks, and put on better armors under it. Each planet only really has 1 or 2 biome types for the most part, but thankfully that's why you have a space ship. Get some coal, throw it in the feul tank and jump around the galaxy. So many random places to explore, you shouldn't get bored any time in the next milennia. Character creation is a bit more in-depth than terarria, with many clothing options, a few different races, and a 'default pose' option. The soundtrack is very well-done, especially when using headphones (a lot of what's in there is quite subtle and ambient, so headphones really help you catch a lot more of it). The music also changes in different ways depending on the situation, such as becoming 'muffled' when you go underwater, or something like a monster becoming hostile towards you changing it entirely. The backgrounds are miraculously beautiful. You can see the planets or moons near you setting and rising in different ways depending on the rotation, and there are layers upon layers to the backgrounds themselves to help set a very large amount of visual ambience that blows you off your feet when you realize just how much there is to it. This game is totally the pinnacle of sidescrolling sandbox games. I honestly don't even want to talk about the few downsides there are because they don't really detract from the game much... but the only thing I should mention is that you have a heat meter and if there's no sun or you're not near a fire, you will potentially slowly freeze to death, but throw down a torch or two and crouch, and you're all set in a few minutes. As for the beta status of the game don't let that fool you. The game is very far along already and very, very functional. What little you'll notice in terms of bugs and the like, you won't even notice after you really get going. I honestly can't think of any REAL bugs at this point, I have to say. There were a few small ones when I first got the game on launch day, but they have been remedied and anything anyone notices gets reported and the team fixes it as soon as they can. Also the game is going to be fully mod-capable similar to minecraft, which is awesome, and then they are also making it possible to make your own quests as well (oh, yeah, there's actually a small amount of storyline attached to the game to give you minor incentive to actually progress in your explorations). If you're still not convinced, maybe you should watch a few videos. I can't picture anyone disliking this game besides those who hate sidescrolling (i dont care for it much), or those who absolutely need an engrossing story."
76561198069759691,Recommended,211820,7959704,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,zijo,This Game is Terraria on crack ;D Its Has soo much more stuff to do. I love it. <3
,Recommended,211820,8625821,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,wot,Terraria meets space!!!
,Recommended,211820,8283695,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,da puppeh,"I'm addicted, halp.Great game, the server files and stuff are a bit whacky when it comes to updating dedicated servers but other than that its all good! Love the game."
76561198066366864,Recommended,211820,8082863,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Thot Slayer,"Great game! It's like Terraria, and somewhat Tekkit Minecraft, but a true RPG and great to play with friends."
,Recommended,211820,8113187,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Guyjin,"its Terraria in space, great game even in beta, cant wait to see it complete with all future plans and amazing mod support"
,Recommended,211820,24468812,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Sun Bro,"I have been watching this game closely for a long time...I bought it on a very early stage of its development, and felt in love with it, wit the freedom, the spaceships and how it pushes you to explore further and further.I'm very happy to see this game being released as a full game. I was tired of the early access, and having a fresh and new stable build makes me feel motivated to start all over again, and explore the game even more.Yeah, I had some technical issues, that I solved by upgrading my OS, and now the game is working as it should, despite some minor bugs that are being solved."
,Recommended,211820,7999101,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Corehealer,"You owe it to yourself to experience the thrill of discovering your starter planet intends to freeze you to death.And then discovering how to survive in spite of it, and clawing your way to the stars and better planets, filled with mystery and adventure."
,Recommended,211820,8469897,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,PF2M,"Starbound isthisearly in development, and it's already very, very enjoyable. Why do I (and thousands of others) enjoy it? There's many reasons. Some of which are:+ Epic soundtrack+ Brother to Terraria, another amazing game+ Very fleshed out for a beta in its first stage, with two more stages to come!+ A grappling hook. Who doesn't love that?+ A system of music and musical instruments that is easy to use+ Great modding support+ Beautiful graphics+ Infinite amounts of planetsWhat have we learned here?Should you buy this game? Yes.Is it worth the price, even at this point in development? Yes.Is it worth more than the price? Definitely.Will you buy the game? Hopefully.This game, though on Early Access, gets a 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8475172,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Deviant,"This game is, supposedly, in a very early stage of beta. Don't listen to this; this game feels complete. With a gigantic diversity between solar systems, planets, alien fauna and flora, and a variety of races to meet, it feels as if you are scrounging the galaxy. It's also filled to the brim with obscure science fiction references, and an arsenal that shocked me coming out of the 600+ items in Terraria. With each update, even more is added, and the old becomes improved upon. The customization is, let's be honest, not as good as Terraria's, but still quite amazing. Each race has their own culture and backstory, although some of them are more hospitable than others. If you buy this game as it is, though, I recommend looking up coordinates for gun shops, they're a must have in the brutal universe.Did I mention there are five sectors of infinitely generating star systems that go into the millions?Explore. Dream. Discover."
,Recommended,211820,10650687,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Nuggetzrago,This game is wonderfull really deep lore and really nice visuals with lots of things to see and do. sadly i dont have that much time in starbound but still great game. i love it :3
,Recommended,211820,7978850,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Aurelius,"I feel that it offers more than Terraria while it's simply in beta. It could most definitely do with some improvements, but it's very early access. It's too early to write a full review, though the game is very addicting as is. Though, sometimes the world does feel empty. I hope this game improves more, though now I give it a 8/10."
76561198069101534,Recommended,211820,8126860,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Swerve,"Although this game looks a lot like terraria, I feel it is a bit different. It is very fun and the different planet thing makes the game a whole lot interesting. If you liked terraria you'd love this game. Although it only in alpha so it doesn't have many quests yet and there is a lot of updating needed"
76561198077983709,Recommended,211820,9050065,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Bob Saget,"For a game that is in beta, this is one of the top games. You discover new planets, colonies, and native animals (nice or aggressive) It is exploring at its finest and still can have more success. Just buy and you will see."
,Recommended,211820,32893575,Posted: 27 June,all,Xinum,Fun and addicting
,Recommended,211820,32869986,Posted: 27 June,all,Sixa,+ Terraria with space+ We can choose character race+ Better Than No Man Sky+ A lot of quest
,Recommended,211820,32900247,Posted: 27 June,all,twitch.tv/piggycoolface,Cool Game Is Fun Get It If You Want To Have Fun Game
,Recommended,211820,8001939,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,あいか,"After tested it for 30 hours, the game is simply brilliant. I've enjoyed a lot Terraria but i was always thinking that something is missing and Starbound has filled this hole. The system of generating planets/stuff/monsters is simply awesome! I've played a lot in multiplayer with some friends (unfornutaly some got big trouble to play nicely on MP) and it was really funny. For those who loved Terraria and thinked that there was not enough content to satisfy you, Starbound is for you! I really recommend this game to all MC/Terraria lovers that like Sci-Fi and Space themes. Don't forget that for now its a Beta and some may get trouble to play it nicely (some friends do and myself the game in SP isn't really running smoothly) so if you don't want a game a bit unstable, despite the fact that devs seems to really test it a lot before updating and it's enjoyable to see that, just wait a bit for its beta period end. Last words: Buy it if you can now!"
,Recommended,211820,32517629,Posted: 17 June,all,FrancescoRPG,So many hours spent on dis game love it so much!!!
76561198058363040,Recommended,211820,28605854,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Tiberius Cladius Nero,"Very fun and excellent surival game it's like the sci-fi version, of terraria but with more gameplay."
76561198074783275,Recommended,211820,14378403,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Spooky Elite,stuff
,Recommended,211820,8483470,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,I.R. MaNu [InReal],EPIC GAME!!! Must have i think! But its a alpha there's a lot more in the full game
,Recommended,211820,32891947,Posted: 27 June,all,Volvagia,"Hoo boy, where to begin.First off, IGNORE the 29.6 hours on record, i've spent most of my time on the Unstable fork which has a separate steam record.Do you like sandbox games like Terraria and Minecraft? Then Starbound is right up your alley.With a few ex-Terraria devs on board this game over the years has managed to eke out it's own identity beyond the basic ""Terraria in space"" that the original beta testers have commented on.There's much much more to find and see in this game, and that's not counting the ""procedurally generated"" planets that the game touted originally.One big difference from it's competitors is that Starbound actually has a fleshed out storyline besides the usual ""Mine stuff, make armor and weapons, beat boss mine again, beat next boss, rinse repeat"" with quests both main and side there's a lot and i mean a LOT to do.Aside from that the game's graphics is absolutely gorgeous! With sprawling, beautiful backgrounds, dozens of different appearances for the same block (I've seen at least 8 different colors of dirt and 4 cobblestone types)The crafting system is one of the most sophisticated yet, harkening back to the old MMO days with tons of recipes in at least a dozen or more crafting stations each with it's own use (Food, Smelting, Pets, Agriculture, heck there's even a Crafting Bench for crafting Crafting Benches! Say THAT five times fast!)The music on the other hand is a bit lackluster.Lots of nice but subtle ambience-type of songs that sadly all blend together.An exception being the special mission songs that actually can and will give you the proper vibe you're supposed to feel on the mission, but these are very few and far between.Another thing that's going to make the game awkward for newcomers is how strange and floaty the controls are.Your horizontal movement is extremely slippery be it on the ground or in the air.ESPECIALLY in the air.Simple ""one block above"" jumps that are usually the norm in Terraria are incredibly hard and frustrating to pull off, and if you're not careful, the gravitation on a normal planet is at least three times as unforgiving as in terraria, with an incredibly fast acceleration rate to go along with it.Basically, if you slip, you're dead!On the positive side, basic difficulty is par for the course for these types of games, with the usual ""You die and lose some money"" to ""Die and restart""-type Hardcore runs, with the added realism of actually needing food every once in a while, and not just in the usual Minecraft type of ""you stop gaining health"", your character actually does get hungry on normal difficulty and up.Upgrades! Everyone likes upgrades am i right?Double jump? CheckHow about dashing? CheckMorph Ball from Metroid? Che-wait WHAT?Yes.There are quite a few game mechanics that you can take advantage of that harkens back to different games and genres.Pokémon-like pets that help you in battle! Morph Ball! Wall-jump MegaMan X style!And of course, no true game with ""Star"" in the name is complete without a personal ship!While true it's not that much in the terms of personalization, as the ship's aesthetics are bound to the race that your character is part of, but it's still upgradable and outfittable with a mottley crew you can grab later on to make it rather homely.Oh right another thing that's a plus in this game is races! 7 in total which gives you quite a few personalization elements, even if the game really does need a few more things in the looks department for each race.You can easily tell which race got the most attention.All in all, Starbound is a very good and polished game, and i can safely reccommend it to any fan of Terraria who needs to play something else or 'new yet familiar' for a while. (Provided you aren't deliberately playing on the Unstable fork where bugs are a plenty, but you get to play the newest stuff in testing.But then again, that's why it's called Unstable, nothing to complain about there after all.)"
,Not Recommended,211820,24500017,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Valhi2,"I liked Starbound when it was still the beta.Not, when it was released.Starbound has this nonsensical ""Here's a bunch of 2-slot bars across the top of your screen"" instead of it's previous 10-slot hotbar that actually made sense.Starbound now suffers even more from Framerate issues and Lag Spikes. In beta most if not all could play the game with a reasonable framerate. Now it's unplayable, unless you're willing to suffer through extreme lag.Player inventory is now more restrictive. In the beta, you had a set of 3 different categories in your bag that items were placed in and could be switched freely between. That's now been foregone for 4 categories that lock items to them.As an addition to the ""restrictive"" bit I mentioned, Starbound is more restrictive in it's release than it was in Beta. Starbound in beta allowed you to do just about whatever you wanted without forcing you through quests or story. When you began in the beta, you were given a few simple tutorial quests to teach you the basics then taught about the Outpost, given some quests and then you were given free reign.Starbound 1.0 Release, just gives you the bird.Do I recommend Starbound 1.0?No.Addendum 1 -The issues I mentioned previously about framerate issues and lagspikes, are still happening. So far nothing has been done to assist people still suffering with these issues.tldr; Thanks Cucklefish."
,Recommended,211820,8690664,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,The Iron Turtle,Got killed by hideously overpowered poop.12/10 would sell a child for this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,8641709,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Brother Muttonchops,"EDIT: Hasnt been updated since, god knows. They promised alot and it never came..I understand delays but after the release was pushed back 2 years I just cant say this is a good investment.If you want a fleshed-out review go look some up, I dont know how else to say it.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Really good fun, if you like games like Terraria and Minecraft.Sadly, It doesnt have too much direction, and grinding gets kinda obnoxious. If I didnt already know how little there was in the game when I had to grind for my stuff, I wouldnt have bothered.Its mainly about the experience you make for yourself, and its almost always 10x better with a friend or two.As much as I love this game, Its the WAY better idea to hold off untill it gets more complete. Unless you like spending your time building or doing something that wont change."
,Recommended,211820,33080281,Posted: 1 July,all,The Lost God,Perfection
76561198145849128,Recommended,211820,33047159,Posted: 30 June,all,El1teIceMan,this game is awesome case and point
76561198042373133,Recommended,211820,7993954,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Allsparkcube,"Awesome game that is just like Terraria, but with space exploration. Extremely addictive but still in early beta, so character wipes and bugs are not uncommon."
,Recommended,211820,8506637,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,pepe@i5GPUonly,it is worth every cent!
,Recommended,211820,9883988,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Celle,"Floran likessss thiss game!In all seriousness, Starbound is a game about interplanetary space travel and survival. You start out by making a character that is one of six races: Apex, Avian, Hylotl, Floran, Glitch or just a plain old human. Allow me to explain what the races of Starbound are. There are the Apex, which  are very Planet of the Apes, in the case that, they are very smart, but they are still apes. The Avians are like strange Aztec bird-people, and the Glitch are, simply put, medieval robots. Hylotl are Japanese fish-people, The Florans (my personal favourite) are cute little super-agressive plant-tribe people. And the Humans are, well, humans. This game is still in Beta Stage 1, so it is very very buggy and glitchy (no pun intended) and is constantly being updated. All six races have their own race-specific ships;  that adds a lot of immersion as to what the races are really like.I would recommend this game to anybody who played Terraria but felt that Terraria was just a bit small and not too diverse. Starbound is very focused on space travel; as the planets can be small or large; dangerous or peaceful, or just plain old asteroid fields. You absolutely need to travel to different planets, because they can be mined out and are not infinite. Not one planet will have all the ores Starbound has to offer, so there is another reason for space travel. Starbound has multiplayer and singleplayer types, and nobody can go in your ship unless you invite them to your 'party', which is kind of like a group. You can remove people freely if you are the leader, and everyone in the party can beam to each other's ships.I would give this game a 8.9/10 because it is still in beta, but still amazing for a beta."
,Recommended,211820,9121909,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,FailedFanatic79,At First I Didn't Really Know What To Expect But When I Actually Started Playing and Fighting Most Of The Bosses (Before the Wipe) I Really Enjoyed It... Then I Started Playing Multiplayer and That Was Brilliant With The Parties and How you Can Travel Through The Universe On The Same Ship It Was An Amazing Game Even Though Its Still Only In Beta! :DI Would Reccomend This To Most Of My Friends and Other People on Steam...(9/10 Rating)
,Recommended,211820,8237194,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kietsie,"Starbound. Even though some people may disagree, this is alot like terraria, with it's water physics and terrain shape. It does have a few graphics glitches where when you beam down from you spaceship the game crashes, but apart from that there aren't alot of bugs or glitches that i have seen. However when they released an update it did erase my save, but by the time this is finished they should have fixed that. I recommend this game to anyone who is a terraria/minecraft fan."
76561198103652506,Recommended,211820,9778546,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Altertale Sans/lazy lord,"this game is positivly beutiful thay formed a perfict balence between beuty, action, mining, and building. for a bata this game is amazing"
,Recommended,211820,8274647,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,߷,"Minecraft, but more awesome and has PLANETS.Play it with friends, don't be that guy. DO NOT PLAY ALONE. This game has been made for online fun.Spaceships, moons, asteroids and everything is randomly generated. Even contains 1k of just a ROCKET!I love it. I would have anal sex with Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,8689681,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Caanite,I got hit into lava by a three headed charizard. 10/10
76561198029681296,Recommended,211820,7971293,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Moonlight Soldier,"This is by far a massie improvement over Terraria, maybe even minecraft. Multiple playable classes, each one of them unique? Check. Endless amounts of worlds too explore, garaunteing limitless game play? check. Planets LOOP giving them a feeling of realism as you go west until you find your house again? check. Survival mechanics which include both hunger, and keeping warm? check. Deeper combat system? check. Intense (and hilarious) boss fights? you'll see when you get the first one. Epic loot? Check. I dare someone too point out something this game is missing, seriously. Oh yeah, a crafting system where you have too discover recipes through blue prints as opposed too 'you already know it'? Makes things more exciting does it not?Oh yeah, and playable banjos, check."
,Recommended,211820,8557258,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,THE FINAL BAWTH,One-up's Terraria. This game is pretty awesome.
,Recommended,211820,21439310,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,ClassSenpai,"Starbound is the type of game you can play with friends till 3 AM just to find new areas to explore and make bases that you eventually forget. While there was a lack of Novakid items when I played frequently, I throughly enjoyed the Floran items and finding all the bases. Through out the game, Starbound has given me such creative outputs that I hope to make a comic based on our experiences one day. For now, expect little things from me. Moving on, I want to commend everyone who put their work into the game and look forward to every update!My friends and I have had a bunch of laughs together. From being the Fruit Squad, playing music together, and even the beautiful tale of Alien Juice.R.I.P. Alien Juice ???-2015"
,Recommended,211820,19362892,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,T-Dab,really really good game i've played a lot and i really like it :)
76561198155613483,Recommended,211820,19595047,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,A Wanna Be Ninja,I have over 300 hours in this game. (most of which was the game being left on at night)If you enjoy exploring planets fighting hostile enemys and creatures or just goofing around this is the game for you!Ps- Fun to play with friends
,Recommended,211820,20441058,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,ZAYABUCKET,This is a brilliant sandbox game that gives you freedom to explore. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,211820,20571486,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,System,"Eh, kinda on the lacking side (At least from my playthrough) but still, It's pretty good"
76561198076714445,Recommended,211820,9192032,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,King Bobby,Like starburst
,Recommended,211820,10000878,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Randomguy406,"GREAT game, I Highly reccomend this game for people who like Terraria!Recently, they updated the game, adding many new features, and even a full story line! The game just got, like, 1000% better!"
,Recommended,211820,8567107,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mojiro,"I joined an ERP server by accident one time and came across a group of Avians♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a Floran to deaththey gave me a trombone to not tell anyonethen the characters got wiped because chucklefishall in all 10/10, best new minecraft update"
,Recommended,211820,9191157,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Spoopy,"Really fun, a few bugs but then again it is still in beta :)"
,Recommended,211820,9164825,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,BlackSteveJobs,with the zippity and zoopity in the spacity with the lazer beams that go zoop zoop gajoop!  8/10
,Recommended,211820,8104606,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,etherflan,"An amazingly immersive game. Like a 2d minecraft combined with an open world side scroller, in space.The comparison to Terraria seems inevitable, but this is actually very different and IMHO much, much better."
,Recommended,211820,8685471,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Action Jack,Terraria in Space. Fun but gets old Fast.
,Recommended,211820,8558621,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Knux,"Certainly not done yet, but it is absolutely addicting.  If you liked Terraria, then you'll get sucked right into this for a 50-hour adventure minimum."
,Recommended,211820,8473657,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zide,"For still being in the beta stage, Starbound is one hell of a game. I definitely recommend it.5/5"
,Recommended,211820,8331213,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gloriam Louis Armstrong,"The game is already pretty solid without too much issues and with plenty of content to enjoy.The developers have shown they're willing to update the game quite often, most of those updates add or fix quite a bunch of stuff.And lastly, the modding community for Starbound is pretty big already, can't wait to see what'll be like in a few months from now.So yes, I recommend this game to anyone who's in for a bit of 2D exploring, building and whatelse."
,Recommended,211820,9410071,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Highdefkitten,"Well, the games nice but it has very little content. But it has amazing features. I would give it a 7/10"
,Recommended,211820,9167296,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Huskarl,"Hi fellow steam users. I'd first like to state that this review was made on 18.02.14, so some things may change.The game itself is solid, the physics work, the crafting makes way more sence than terraria, although the list is soooooo much longer it can be a little confusing at first.The game seems like its currently about 75% complete as the worlds and the characters seem almost complete.The only limitation is content and the sectors which aren't finished yet but on the whole its a great game set to be even better if they keep on updating it.To find out how complete the game is visithttp://playstarbound.com/roadmap/"
,Recommended,211820,8048139,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,I Trap Traps,BUY THIS GAME LIKE HOLY SH*T KGFODJBHOIGHBOIDFJHGHPOBHDSOIFGSHBFPOGSDHFBPOGSHDBG
,Recommended,211820,30298884,Posted: 3 March,all,oakenmoon5,"Incredible game. I've played since Dreadwing was the first boss you fought, and it's been amazing in every single update. I highly, highly reccomend for anyone. Great story, great sandbox elements, great gameplay, great everything, really."
,Recommended,211820,9729057,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Acre2234,This game is better than sex.
,Recommended,211820,30392767,Posted: 8 March,all,bulbulator,No Man's Sky of normal person...
76561198130289993,Recommended,211820,31319593,Posted: 23 April,all,DK,Stealing furniture has never been this much fun
76561198060855319,Recommended,211820,31446294,Posted: 29 April,all,BlixaNoid3098,"If you loved Terraria then you won't have a problem picking up this game. There is so much to do, even after you beat the main story. The game is moddableand has great exploration, and im pretty sure the universe is infinite."
76561198117021963,Recommended,211820,8734421,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,✯BongHitSquad✯,Good Game
,Recommended,211820,8701274,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Saucy,"I've gotta say. This game is good. Like, ha, REALLY GOOD. But I can't say much now since it is still in alpha... but... 10/10 WOULD BANG."
,Recommended,211820,8565106,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,لحم الخنزير سيف,"Amazing game, may look like Terraria and have it's features but this includes more then that. It has a unique feel of exploration and going up the tiers as you move from planet to planet. Definetely a great game, but buying it in Beta you should be expecting bugs/character wipes."
,Recommended,211820,10396804,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ZactylGaming,Raided a robot castle in a weeding dress and stole giant chess pieces10/10
76561197998224452,Recommended,211820,10570116,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,wiLDY,"Hours of fun, if you liked terraria you're gonna like this even more. I Guarantee it."
,Recommended,211820,9010539,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,I Have Type 1 Die-a-Beatz,Amazing just like terria but wepons guns and fly in space
,Recommended,211820,8188212,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Vad,My god. This game is like a 8 bit nerds dream. Infinite exploration in space with survival on each planet? Where have you been all my life!
76561198134489511,Recommended,211820,18748587,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Cyka Nuggets,"I love this game. I honestly do. It never gets repetitive and there's always something to do whether it'd be flying to another planet to collect coconuts or dive to the deepest ocean to obtain seaweed. As said, many things to do.This game is an action RPG. In the beginning, you are to fix your damaged ship meaning you can only travel to planets in the solar system. Once collected the required items, you can travel to ♥♥♥♥ing solar systems and far away galaxies. IT REALLY ♥♥♥♥ING HUGE. Depending on the race you picked, your ship can upgrade to different sizes and shapes after finishing a few HARD missions. Each character can equip different powers and obtain them on your journey along the milky way. This game also includes a rarity system, purple being legendary and also hard to find.This game holds a lot of potential, I'm still waiting for it to come to PS4, as promised. I would recommend this to anyone who's played Terraria or Minecraft. It's absolutely good and would give it a 8/10"
76561198031828532,Recommended,211820,8064457,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,McDonk,"This game, is great. It can be described by a simpleton as Terraria in space, but it is so, so much more. The art style is alot better, with more fluid animations and gameplay. Crafting is a breeze once you get a hang of it, and the only downside is the orignal time it is needed to gather materials for better tools. Other than that, Starbound is a brilliant, brilliant game and I highly reccomend it!"
,Recommended,211820,8073283,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,piedudeaus,"WAY better than Terraria!! Being able to explore different planets and fly around the solar system to other planets is just amazing.So YES, grab Starbound as soon as you can!! :)"
76561198066016156,Recommended,211820,7964588,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,cwbilly,beast gamer!!
,Not Recommended,211820,12458050,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,welfare child,boring long♥♥♥♥♥cutscene with wheelchair grandma is unskippable
76561197991579911,Recommended,211820,8050056,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Nynebreaker,"Terraria on steroids!  Also, it has one of the best soundtracks I have ever heard, I can't stop listening to it.  It is still in Beta, but it is already THE force to be reckoned with in this genre of games."
,Recommended,211820,25071941,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Your grandmother,It's a great game. So far played 12 hours and already love it.
,Recommended,211820,9327881,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,"Hello, i am Terrorist",blows my mind how good this game is worth every dollar
,Recommended,211820,8595407,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Gobby,This game is Barnicles yo. Certainly Kicks Minecraft in the jibblies.
,Recommended,211820,19753659,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,chance,it's okay i guess
,Recommended,211820,27735636,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cupcakes or Cookies?,"I've fallen in love with this game. It's pretty short (depending on your skill and attention span), but the seemingly endless amount of planets and randomly generated structures make up for it. You might find a super awesome item a couple minutes in, run into some freaking pokemon-looking monster with cuteness that's distracting (don't be fooled ;-;) or just die instantly. It might take a second to learn how to play, but it's way simpler than it seems. I might be biased because SPACE TRAVEEEEL! But it's a good game regardless of that opinion (i think).Cool stuff:* Basically Terraria + Star Trek* You can become  apokemon masterI mean catch all the aliens and use them in battle* Different races like skyrim* It's pretty ^-^"
,Recommended,211820,28637686,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ALargeFallingAnvil,"Often compared to Terraria in space, the similarities won't be missed but in its time since launch the game has come into its own should you have the love of building in your heart. Great fun with a friend, the quality of life improvements over Terraria are pretty striking. The game is both cheap and offers a ton of mods to sink your teeth into. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,211820,7921919,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Marcus,Stop reading and buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,8414202,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hexy,This game is da bees knees
,Recommended,211820,8046252,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Shad,Do you like terraria?Do you like space?Do you like spaceships and monsters and other things that are somewhat difficult to list?THEN BUY IT ♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,21105673,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Laser Sunset,very cool <3
76561198080987505,Not Recommended,211820,8843610,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Literally All of ISIS,2 words: No updatesit was a great game for being just released but it is revelaed to be a shallow piece of trash with a horribledeveloper who censors criitscism
,Recommended,211820,27878791,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Danté,"Great game, similar to terraria but different worth buying!"
,Not Recommended,211820,13320447,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Nilly00,"i need to say i think starbound is heading the wrong directioni paused for a while and when i saw there was a new update i was excited. But my excitement quickly faded.One big point of the older versions was that you could be whoever you wanted.I could be a pirate killing everyone i saw.I could be a merchant making money by buying and selling goods.I could be a miner progressingt through ores.I could be an adventurer raiding dungeons and collecting loot.Now?you are a spaceguardian you have no choice you are one you cant hurt friendly people and you have  a fixed target now go and do it and dont you dare try to invent yourself and make up an original story.Thats mainly the story problem. But the gameplay? Oh boi where should i start?-The jumps are waaaaaay to low. The old game had you jumping around like an olympic! Now i feel like i am missing on a few muscles. Not to talk about the dungeons and structures still being laid out for the big jumps making them ridicioulusly annoying-the thing with the ""inventor table"" is hella annoying just give me a crafting table i dont have place for a billion of tables on my ship-the hunger system: first we had no hunger, then it was added, then removed and replaced with consumable buffs, now its again needed to survive. Could you please make up your goddam mind? (i liked the buff think but thats just personal opinion)-The new hotbar is so sluggish and has such a low amount of slots give us back the old one with two slots for weapons in the middle the matter manipulator below the combat slots and the rest being 10 hotkeys (1-0)-Progressing in the game was changed  YET AGAIN:First we had different sectors available after defeating bosses(which was super AWESOME).Then it was just planets having threat levels.Now we need to get special suits to resist radiation heat and cold.again: Make up your goddamn mind-Monsters were first just procedurally generated.Now there are fixed monsters that by the way are so annoying to fight due to unnecessary kiting.Please just give us back the old monsters.in conclusion:I LOVED:steamhappy: the way the game started out, so much that i didnt even care about the resets.Now i have no reason at all to continue playing. I´ll download an old version and play the game when it was still playable, cause at the moment its just boring and annoying.Please give us back the game we actually backed up for i feel kinda cheated."
76561197994604546,Recommended,211820,8223026,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Yuri,"Если еще не купили, немедленно покупайте!"
,Recommended,211820,8893314,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Rinzler,"Terraria in space with ""lsd vision"" creatures."
,Recommended,211820,9174195,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Cmdr.Lex Luthor,"Very fun exploration game like Minecraft, Terraria, and some space exploration game combined. It's a very fun game with updates that add new things and even with the resets (I've been in 2) the game has been going good. There are also no more resets being done so you can enjoy the game without fear. Possibly my favorite aspects of the game are the weapons, armor, the different races: Avian, Hylotl, Human, Apex, Glitch, and Floran, the techs, and also the space travel. There is atleast 99999999x99999999x4 volume of space in the game, which means you have a virtually infinite area to explore."
,Recommended,211820,9019572,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Tyler_,I think this game is great. If you buy play with friends. It makes it way more fun.
,Recommended,211820,14296422,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Aidan Ryan is Gay,This game is a cross between Tararia and space Engineers!  This game is one of the best games to play with your friends while completing missions or exploring space!  I think you should get the game and persuade your friends to get it also!
,Recommended,211820,14303003,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,General Grievous,this game really reenforces the idead of space meet terria and such i love this game becuase of its friendly community and well made rpg style gameplayi recommend it to anyone who wants a rpg space game mixed with the likes of terria and in my opinion you will not the regret th $15 it costs :D
,Recommended,211820,10290237,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,BRIVETECH,"people have been saying this game is a lot like terraria but it is not. It is a game centered around exploring an infinite galaxy. finding new creatures, fighting new bosses and so on. there are also a crazy ton of mods on the fourm to enhance your experience. There are dungeons to explore caves to delve into but most inportantly loot to find! In it's current stages of early acces I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes exploration, combat, RPG's and most importantly SPACEEEEEEEEE!EDIT: After leaving orbit I can safely say that this game is still absolutely great. The story is a little weak however"
76561198121625496,Recommended,211820,8777120,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,EhrenLeAwesome,OMG #Swag
76561198124087651,Recommended,211820,19189433,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,The Bartender,"Pretty good server wise,or atleast some of the servers that is, the main solo expirience is a bit boring at times but is still fun to play though. But head these words, ""Space Terraria""."
76561198071981836,Recommended,211820,17772539,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Midnight Loyalty,Played it a bit.Its pretty ok.
,Recommended,211820,7949755,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Registrae,Amazing! I have so much fun with this game!I love the endless possibility of worlds and monsters; Each planet is so vast and random... Its so great!
76561198045877178,Recommended,211820,17193368,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,James,I think this game is great overall but I especially like the art. The only problem I have with it so far is that there is a slight shortage on bosses.
76561198096113553,Recommended,211820,29805368,Posted: 9 February,all,76561198096113553,Terraria but in space and better
,Recommended,211820,9928235,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Insulting,"My original opinion given in 2014:Surprisingly good for an early beta. Some stuff really needs touch-ups (endgame, farming, etc), but it's generally very fun. Making your base is also pretty great thanks to the IMMENSE variety of props you can use.__________________________________________________________________________________Now that the game has gone gold, I've noticed that an inordinate of people are complaining about minuscule issues that'd be easily solved if they didn't do crazy♥♥♥♥♥♥update their drivers/learned how to read; so I'll follow my previous opinion. This game is very, very nice for people that like building huge, highly personalized bases. They made it infinitely better with the colony deeds, with the ship crew that finally allows you to give some life to that monstruously huge condor class ship of yours. I still wish you could shape your ship how you'd like rather than each species getting specific layouts.Yes, this game does require a bit of ""repetitive grinding"", but hey, guess who did the EXACT SAME THING, just not as fun (due to the lack of underground biomes, challenge rooms, bonus chests, etc? Minecraft. And people loved the ♥♥♥♥ out of it. Terrarria did the exact same thing as well. So I find it pretty hilarious people are like ""BOO HOO I GOTTA MINE THINGS! WHAT IS THIS? 2009?""I'm a lot more thankful that only one questline requires specific furniture compared to before where it was annoying as heck without using the console to cheat. Now it's all very consistent and usually in line with the main quest, so you never have to worry.My biggest gripe now is the lack of space in chests (easily solved with mods), the strange and irregular scaling of weapons which means you can find an awesome legendary unique in your first hour (happened to me with a flame thrower) which'll you'll keep the whole game, and everything else you'll find will be vendor trash. Where did the minibosses and their semi-reliable superweapon drops go?Now, this game isn't perfect and won't appeal to everyone, but it sure as hell appealed to me. As always, Take the reviews with a really, really big grain of salt. The kind they put on mules to carry out of the salt mine. And watch the dates! There was a period of inactivity during 2014 where a lot of people ragequitted the game, and it was extremely barebones when it first came out."
,Recommended,211820,29901386,Posted: 13 February,all,Arch Stanton,"This game pulled me in from the start, I thought maybe it was just another Terarria clone but it's so much more. The RPG elements in this game are phenomenal, the base building is fantasic, and the story is rather enticing, basically, Ive spent 42 hours in the past 3 days playing it and am still nowhere near complete.100/10 would fall to my death agaib"
,Recommended,211820,29042458,Posted: 5 January,all,Logie,"Its like no man's sky, but 2d, and actually fun"
76561198056693287,Recommended,211820,25460323,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Lemur,You can make a band
76561198076547820,Recommended,211820,25966676,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Nougetninja,"So far, it's very enjoyable! My mate set up a hamachi server real quick without any delay so we can play it multilplayer. It's really fun, lots of items. I can't complain to be honest. Some dungeons are reallly cool too, different races bring the game alive. I acccidentally destroyed an avian pot or two with my flame thrower and the avian guard lit me up and sliced me into scrap, i wasnt pleased cause everytime i go back there now they want to obliterate me and obliterate they do. The amount of planets is awesome, as some will most likely compare this to Terraria, i'd say this game is better as the amount of worlds and blocks makes building more enjoyable especially with the colony system within the game, it seems more advanced than with Terraria. The amount of worlds alllows more exploration and loot too which is always a fun thing."
,Recommended,211820,25195996,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Given,Play it just get it now. Don't look up anything else about the game or tutorials or anything. Just buy this game right now and expirience it. I would rate it 9/10
,Recommended,211820,8071804,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Tolna,"The game Terreria wishes it could be! The faster mining, ease of startup, and veriety of actual overworld exploration is both amazing and a refreshing change of pace in games like it!"
,Recommended,211820,8058576,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Cobra,"If you liked Terraria you'll love Starbound. Get Starbound, It's a great game."
,Recommended,211820,8065531,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Firebeard,"Played for 6 hours in the first sitting with my friend, time did not seem to pass, the sign of a good game.amased the level of detail they squeezed into this little 16-bit game.multiplayer worked well.9/10"
,Recommended,211820,7939532,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,tiffit,In beta so it is very buggy. But the content in this game over comes that. Truely a great game. Esp. if you love terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8053000,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,omer586,"Starbound ist für eine ""Early Acces"" ein super Spiel, es ist im Grunde eigentlich wie Terraria, allerdings ist die Grafik nicht genau die selbe. Nun zum Spiel, man kann sehr vieles craften, allerdings kann man auch sehr viel Dekoration finden in Dungeons von denen es zahlreiche gibt. Die Idee das man mit seinem Raumschiff von Planet zu Planet fliegen kann und dann noch in verschieden Sektoren(die man durch die Questions und Bosssiege freischaltet) finde ich prima. Die Bösse sind zwar sehr gut gemacht aber es gibt zahlreiche Tricks wie man selbst den Endboss ganz leicht schlagen kann. Es ist außerdem nervig das nach fast jedem Update sich die Welten resetet oder die Charakter gelöscht werden.Die Welt des SpielsEs gibt Planeten aller Art, Desert, Arid(trocken), Monde, Forest etc, und dann gibt es noch auf den Planeten wieder Biome,dann gibt es noch im Untergrund auch einzelne Schichten, je größer der Planet, desto mehr Schichten gibt es auch und tiefer geht es was wirklich sehr gut gemacht ist. Die Planeten werden durch die verschiedenen Sektoren immer stärker, am Anfang nervt es etwas das so viele Monster spawnen wenn man nicht gut ausgerüstet ist. Jeder Planet hat auch sowas wie sein eigenen Boss, jedenfalls ein Monster was stärker ist als die anderen. In manchen Sektoren gibt es auch ein neues Erz(nicht in jedem). Es gibt zahlreiche Dungeons, wie eine Burg, eine Stadt oder auch ein Labor und noch viele andereGameplayNoch mal was zum ""Gameplay"", man kann viele Schwerter finden in Dungeons oder durch ""Planeten Bösse"" bekommen, es gibt 4 Bogenarten, dann noch Speere und Schusswaffen(berichtigt mich wenn ich was vergessen habe an Waffen. Man kann auch Instrumente finden wie eine Geige, auf der, der Charakter Lieder spielen kann(nur bestimmte), allerdings schmiert das Spiel bei manchen Liedern ab.Am Anfang hat man zum abbauen einen Magneten, wenn man eine Spitzhacke hab baut die normale 9 Blöcke ab. Der Charakter kann auch neue Skills kennen lernen wie z.B Double Jump. Dann kann man noch Stim Packs(Tränke) finden, wie z.B ein Red Stim Pack dass das Leben regeneriert, das Leben kann man außerdem nur durch Bandagen(die man aus Lianen bekommt) oder durch das schlafen, was man im Bett, im Zelt, im Heuhaufen oder auch in einem Wagen machen kann.Ja das war mein Review dann auch, allgemein ist es ein tolles Spiel und es macht Spaß und LOHNT sich zu KAUFEN"
76561197965247744,Recommended,211820,8016198,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The crack mayor,"If you have come this far in the review section, you should probably get it.There's alot to discover, craft, explore, whatnot and see. Not gonna go too deep into it as i has mines for that, he he.If you find most of todays game boring and stale, this will probably give you both harmony and the intense, stressful, action packed moments you desire."
,Recommended,211820,8990372,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Of Greater Strength,ITS SOO EPPPPPIIIICCCCC
,Recommended,211820,9012147,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Dino_Disco,"Starbound is everything i've ever wanted in a game. Obviously this game is in early beta so it does not have everything it will, but it has great gameplay and a  lot of randomly generated stuff. since it is early access you should  go to""http://playstarbound.com/""and check out the website to see what they say about the game themselves."
76561198095831039,Recommended,211820,8420328,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,The Masked Man,"A game with a challenging battle system, and i mean extremely challenging, with a VERY harsh penelty for death, a third of your money! This makes this game very challenging in later game when you need this money. Its not only about fighting though, the main jist of the game is exploration and progression as you travel through the universe looking for resources to better and strengthen your character. These are only some of the reasons i strongly recommend this game."
76561198092536537,Recommended,211820,8463443,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TrustyPeacemaker,StarBound is fun for what it is now. Later on in its devolpement this game will be great (i can tell). The joy of playing with friends and not wearing clothes (other than under garments) is cool along with the different species and weapons. This game truly is going to go somewhere. This Game is out of this world (see what i did there...kill me now).
,Recommended,211820,8780133,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,DeltaVii,"Found a sewer with poison water in it, took a bath in it and died. 11/10"
,Recommended,211820,8644044,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Xx_<Topkek_420>_xX,Awesome Game.
,Recommended,211820,8347017,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Duck Scratch,"Like terraria, but with more techie stuff, random monsters, and planets to explore.If you like Terraria, Don't Starve, Minecraft, or any survival/exploration game, you will love Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,8239574,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,kanuk,"This game is amazing. Only but a few hours of gameplay for me, and I'm hooked. 7/10 the game is still in late Alpha, at best extremely early Beta, so there are some bugs to be fixed. The gameplay is great, however I would love to see more diverse exploration return, as of now exploring isn't as amazing as I thought it would be. Combat is pretty good, the idea of sectors is pretty cool. All in all, would recommend, however there are a few things that I would improve, notably bugfixing"
76561198054523051,Recommended,211820,8240714,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jojoha,"Great game, with lots of features and all that just in it's alpha."
,Recommended,211820,8308621,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Insane,"People have compared this to Terraria in space, and while that is a fair comparison, I find Starbound to be a far superior game. I really enjoy the sci-fi aspect of this, as well as the fact that every planet you go to is procedurally generated. Don't like the planet you landed on? Every monster on it wants to maul your face off? Load up and warp to a new one, repeat, profit. The co-op works great, the story, and progression are all fun and rewarding as well so I highly recommend this with a few friends. Get a 4 pack and start exploring the stars."
76561197967115826,Recommended,211820,8698585,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Bloodwynd,Dont buy this game its too addicting and fun
76561198073336179,Recommended,211820,8706253,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Calbob,The game its self good but it is constantly crashing.[Edit] Crashing has now been fixed.
76561198092819016,Recommended,211820,9898690,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Pug,i love the different plantes and all of the mobs some are so cute
,Recommended,211820,9391984,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,کBG | Kvitost,I found a hat in this game.10/10
,Recommended,211820,26985971,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,argodaemon,I have come back to this game around 5 times and played from beginning to end.  It was purchased when it was first in Beta and every time has been a new experience. Never gets old.
76561198057203954,Recommended,211820,30661850,Posted: 21 March,all,Afromankey,"What a wonderful game this is. Good soundtrack, good 2d action, plenty of things to do, plenty to collect and it even has a story. It is worth every cent."
76561198123489573,Recommended,211820,9305780,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Halyo,"Wow. This game is amazing, even though it is basically terraria in space. the different character customization options make this game a true successor to terraria. Play this Game!"
,Recommended,211820,8544681,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,joe,Best Game i Have ever played
76561198063637346,Recommended,211820,8671625,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Daisy,"This game is amasing its almost like Terraria but if Terraria had its face riped off and some on threw in a story, randomely genarated every thing, space evploration and 12 kegs of awsome!"
76561198144437154,Recommended,211820,26086123,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,XEKOLOTOF,Shut up and take my PIXELS
,Recommended,211820,8454489,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Lil Sushi Vert,good
,Recommended,211820,8558867,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rysaurus™,"Pros: Terraria with different planets. Amazing soundtrack. Easier crafting system than minecraft and Terraria.Cons: Minor glitches(Because of beta).Overall: Get this now, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,211820,8643691,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,iSmile02,"A little like Terraria, except, unlike Terraria, it doesn't get boring within seconds. You start on a space ship, where you have run out of fuel and must investigate the planet under you to find coal for fuel. All planets are randomly generated, with different colour schemes and also different creatures and materials. Around your planet are buildings, which can contain treasure. You can also completely customize every single part of your planet, and even your ship. Once you gathered enough coal, you can go to your ship and begin operating it. You can go to a ton of different planets and moons, and eventually, you can even go to different galaxies. There are literally thousands of different planets you can go to. Maybe even hundreds of thousands. Maybe even a MILLION. The game is really fun, especially for players who like survival games like Terraria and Minecraft. 7.5/10"
76561198065216042,Recommended,211820,8811952,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Joshua Reynolds,I'd give this game an 8/10 it would be higher if the game was complete. I love the direction the game is going and its one of my favorite pc games that I have played. The game still has some bugs and it doesnt function as well as the game does with mods. But all in all its a really amazing game
76561198132015746,Recommended,211820,29109975,Posted: 8 January,all,Darkangel,"A few of the Pros about this game:Easy to use multiplayer, MODS for just about anything you could want, a servicable story, and fairly solid combat. Not to mention a diverse tileset for builders, which can be further added to by mods. Not to mention, weapon and world variety, without taking into account mods like Frackin universe... see a common theme here?Just on the vanilia game though? Grab a friend or two, climb into your battered ship, and just explore. You will have a blast doing it, and some experiences that you won't forget. Not to mention, all your charecters share the same, gigantic universe. Have a planet you just teraformed, and left some important gear down there? Your new charecter could stumble across this.(Or if your me, you wrote down the co-ordinates, and jumped there as soon as possible, following some poor decisions of mod uninstalling)It can also run on just about anything, so no worries about computer specs here. I guess there is just something satisfying about being given a universe sized toybox to play with, without some ofSome Cons:Scanning quests are a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ The main story, when boiled down to the main points, is laughable. While the missions are fun, and provide a chance of aquiring unique weapons, the story they tell is far from engaging. In fact, you can play the first mission alone, get your ship functional again, and that's it. You could ignore the entire story, if you wanted to.Overall though? A solid time sink, worthy of your $15 US dollars."
,Recommended,211820,9175747,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Spooky Deg,"Starbound is a great game if you love multiple interactive worlds, space exploration and lots and LOTS of weapons. Thats right, if you love all of these things than you should pick up this game today for only 15 dollars! It is a great game and I hope you enjoy it!!Happy Starbounding!!"
,Recommended,211820,8592722,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Aex | Pvpro.com,"Amazing game... but still ALPHA and there are lots of bugs!Waiting for bug fixes :DI recommend this game to everyone, especially Minecraft/Terraria users!"
,Recommended,211820,8674987,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Poochinski,Notch did good job on this after making♥♥♥♥♥♥games like Terraria and Minecraft.
,Recommended,211820,8422075,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Grounder,An amazingly designed game with an insane amount of potential.This is worth your money.
76561198064482992,Recommended,211820,30455487,Posted: 11 March,all,Bobolink(needs healing),"Welcome to 2D sci-fi sandbox game, where you can't breath  in space, but torches work and cotton wool is rarer than gold (which is pretty useless). As a man of culture, I like how every species has different style in their armor, ship and town desings. Also a lit soundtrack. 10/10."
,Recommended,211820,29899896,Posted: 13 February,all,TrollXDDX >:],"wow.didnt know that this game is one the Third side of the Most-buyed games.but that doesnt matter, its still the best 2D Sandbox game of all time (for me)11/10"
,Recommended,211820,10382547,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,BirdieWaffle,"TL;DR: Great game! Had tons of fun in singleplayer and multiplayer. The games story can get a bit boring, going to planets, scanning stuff, then going to another planet and scanning more stuff, but it's worth it. The pixel art is good, the music is fantastic and it's pretty fun. I reccomend playing it with one or two people.If you get bored of Terraria, this is going to be your new favorite 2D ""Minecraft clone"".Overall ScoreAs a $15 dollar game: 9/10As a free game: 11/10"
,Recommended,211820,32477110,Posted: 16 June,all,k4yo,"I first got a copy of starbound a while back, and it had alot of potential in it's beta stage. Couple months ago, the 1.0 update released for starbound so I decided to give it another play and I have to say, the guys over at Chucklefish Games blew my mind. They managed to add so much more into the game, making the entire experience just that much better.The story itself isn’t the most complex or mind-blowing, but the universe that the developers built to tell it in is overflowing with character and detail. Each of the six sentient races has a unique culture, architectural style, and ongoing conflict that must be resolved in order to save the galaxy.Yet they weren’t vain enough to force us into it, so all of that story is optional. There’s nothing to stop you from going off and setting your own exploration or building goals in traditional Minecraft or Terraria fashion.Overall, Starbound excels as a exploration and crafting game, as a 2D platformer with varied and engaging combat. It can feel overwhelmingly time consuming and punishing in the first few hours, but the freedom to uncover these small secrets of the universe and make its worlds your own is worth the wait, and the expert fashion in which Starbound binds all of its sides together makes it truly special."
,Recommended,211820,28559700,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Thâ Jedi,"I'm in closed beta ^^Develope phaseFirst times developers have a exellent ideas but they don't know what community wants. So they continue to develope game but they also waiting (and analysing) community reactions for their work. And they overvalue this reactions, they make the game based the community posts, ideas.ProsDifferent races, different cultures (weapons, buildings, armors etc.)Different and plenty of planets, moons and starsBig universe, means too much to exploreGood crafting systemGood storyline and side questsCan played co-opPlenty of secret weapons, puzzles, armors, quests etc.Good gameplay (strange fighting system)Can play 5 hours without breakGreat community and developersEpic backgrounds and soundtracksConsStrange bugs can happenSometimes you can question reality2D (but with good pixels :D)Few main bossesFighting system can be madDefinetly recommended."
76561198055832869,Recommended,211820,14262402,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,freddiez,"A wonderful game with solid mechanics that work wonderfully together. The game in it self is fun and the quests feel very rewarding. The only downside is the grind that you need to make for materials every once in a while. All in all the game is great, absolutely worth the buy. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,28606155,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ClusterSnarf,"I love how far this game as come since the alpha days. Loads more story and quests than just the sandbox it started out as. If you are into pixel survival and adventure, this is a game that hits all the right spots."
,Recommended,211820,28606896,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,oyounes,I wasen't considering this game to the slightest until I somehow just gave it a shot. And no way regret that decision. From the soundtrack to the endless universe to even the surprising story mode. I just cant put this game down.
,Recommended,211820,8114634,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Chartjunk,"Ho-lee♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is the jam. I bought it like four days ago and I already have 30 hours in it. Blah blah blah Terraria in space. I hate Terraria. I can't stop playing this. Similar, but not the same."
76561198031861309,Recommended,211820,8921208,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Warwold,This game is simply a basic mixture of ADVENTURE & EPICNESS. . . .It has a huge future!! That's for sure!
76561198050292327,Recommended,211820,19816833,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,LLiD,nice
,Recommended,211820,24960411,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Dr.FlipShot,What No Man's Sky should have been.
76561197961275696,Recommended,211820,8697051,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Shotgun Surgeon,"Oh its awesome man. I'm going to assume you have played Terraria,,, Now imagine that but make it more in-depth, and give yourself a space ship in which to traverse the galaxy finding random planets. Awesome in single player and even better on multiplayer... just watch out if you play it with people who are not your friends as they have full access to your ship if they put you into a party and can loot said ship. For those who wonder if its fun to play seeing that its still in beta... I will just simply say yes. However if you are not a fan of sandbox games in which you must research/kill bosses/mine ore for new tech, or you dislike pixel art/2D games then you may want to find another game. (I know its unlikely but not everyone was a fan of Terraria.)TL:DR Score -9/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,8423878,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Vaedron,"Edit: Lack of updates has seriously crippled this game. Slow development and empty promises abound. I can NOT suggest purchasing this game at the moment, maybe when (if) they add more content.Original Review: I don't really know what else to say about this game except BUY IT! I've never been into the Minecraft/Terraria-like games, but this one has had my attention the past 2 weeks. From it's old-school pixel graphics, to the many playable instruments, this game is just full of charm. Six races are playable at the moment, with at least one more confirmed to be on the way. There are tons of different items to find, ore types to mine and seemingly infinite planets to explore. Each race also has it's own type of ship (with ship upgrades under development), which can be customized to an extent with items you find on planets or craft from materials. The crafting system is set in different ""tiers,"" where after defeating a boss, you can make new equipment or a nice new bed for that epic house you built yourself. Crafting the Starmap Upgrades allows you to visit different sectors of the galaxy. The official Chucklefish forum has plenty of friendly members and staff who can help you out if you get stuck, check out guides, or just want to talk about that crazy biome you found yesterday. You can also connect to official multiplayer servers now, or team up with friends on their own networks. The soundtrack is also EXCEPTIONAL, and if you're buying the game through Steam, I suggest purchasing it as well. I can not fully rate this title as it's still in beta, but at it's current stage I'd give it a 7/10. As the warning says, this game IS IN BETA and you should expect character/universe wipes as it is developed. Happy exploring, perhaps I'll see you among the stars!"
76561198098249094,Not Recommended,211820,9864946,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Suoixonbo gabmucs,Y U NO UPDATE DE GAME?!
76561198055427094,Recommended,211820,9492198,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Squeaks64,I LOVE STARBOUND WITH THE MODS AND THE LOGIC IS PERFECT TO IT GIVE IT A GOOD BASE OF A STORY LINE (If you have read the wiki and every speices on it) I GIVE IT 20/10
,Recommended,211820,33078357,Posted: 1 July,all,IT'S HAPPENING,"Before release, this game had me somewhat worried. After the full release and all the recent updates, though, Starbound has far exceeded my expectations and is essentially everything I wanted from No Man's Sky in a less serious light-hearted sci-fi 2D sandbox game. And that's BEFORE modding."
,Recommended,211820,8075309,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Angelica Eisenhera,"It's Terraria, if Terraria had randomly generated biomes, planets, different enemies, and a wealth of explorable places. Also when your done exploring you can just teleport to their spaceship and go somewhere else. It's awesome"
,Recommended,211820,10258068,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,ZAPierZeta,"Whenever you play this game, There is always something that can suprise you, from abnormal weather ranging from raining embers to falling space debris, to monsters that might just walk in your general direction to attack or teleport from location to location in the blink of the eye! The randomness of this game is a true beauty that allows unlimited joy and suprise when playing this game, even now Im still finding new things, as my quest for the best weapons and most interesting of outfits has gotten me far.The multiplayer is also something that is truely amazing, you can share you tales and adventures while listening to the other wonderous jounies that other players have gone through, find the right server, and you can have all kinds of fun.The only downside I can point out in thsi game is people greifing your ship, which, if you store all of you items on to bring to each multiplayer server, like I do, can be catastrophic to your gameplay. However, you can get arround this by simply copying your game files somewhere else whenever you invite someone to your ship. Sure, it may take 5 minutes or so, but its certainly worth it.I recomend this game because of its randomness, and its early access quality, There are always new features planning to be added, and encounting this changes is one of the most exciting things about this game, In my opinion."
,Recommended,211820,32390611,Posted: 13 June,all,The plazma player,It's alright.
76561198289223034,Recommended,211820,32643731,Posted: 22 June,all,ѕσмє ωєєв,its gud
,Recommended,211820,7993063,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,הפטיש,Buy this game.
,Recommended,211820,30514988,Posted: 14 March,all,Xeneo,"A awesome 2D exploration game. It has definitely improved over the last while but still needs some polishing. I feel like the story is a bit slow and boring and could be improved. The procedural generation is ok for the first while, but once you have played for most of the story everything starts looking alike.Overall I would definitely recommend it. It's a very full game with lots of potential."
76561198176494109,Recommended,211820,33184400,Posted: 3 July,all,MUDA,makes your gundam dreams come true 10/10
76561198291561654,Recommended,211820,33114033,Posted: 1 July,all,BadBread,this is a really good game and i like playing it.
,Recommended,211820,8084089,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Farqa,this game makes me skip with joy
76561198064009418,Recommended,211820,8885409,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Tact,"Tons of albino cartoon nudists walking around, I don't like it; uncomfortable."
,Recommended,211820,8079883,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TriggerHappiJ,IF YOU DON'T BUY THIS YOU ARE CRAZY! ITS SO MUCH FUNN! ESPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS!
,Recommended,211820,9072847,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Psychosis in the Diagnosis,"I was so stunned by how good Starbound is I went into cardiac arrest, then a deep coma. After being under for four weeks, I woke up in Tijuana, Mexico, only with a laptop, a half empty bottle of dis-infectant and a .45 caliber pistol. So I logged into steam and continued playing Starbound.10/10 Get it."
,Recommended,211820,8018353,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Nugget,"The game had me stunned the moment I pressed the start button. Immediately it was apparent that despite playing Terraria and Minecraft I was about to have a whole new experience in the genre. Taking the best of both worlds such as 2D terraforming and hunger meter, Starbound gives its own take on it as well and adds some really cool things. Much larger focus on adventure than terraforming, but you get to pilot your own spaceship! What's not to like?"
76561198363861526,Recommended,211820,31796035,Posted: 16 May,all,Penguin_Pete,So much amazing content!
,Recommended,211820,9621275,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Shyradder,Starbound is a fun pixel space adventure jam packed with lots of singleplayer and multiplayer fun and has an easy way to install mods
,Recommended,211820,8216140,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Stin,This game is amazing and I reccomend it to all steam users who don't already own it.
,Recommended,211820,8050048,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Timex1,"This game is amazing, even just being still in beta. If you are a fan of Terraria you will love this game and even more so."
,Recommended,211820,8561837,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Rocket Pig,Bye Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,28601958,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,marmarru,"Starbound is a beautiful game that I have loved for many hours, and will continue to love for many more!"
,Recommended,211820,18345232,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Magearna,Dirty looking dirt.
,Recommended,211820,31433645,Posted: 29 April,all,Oratian,"I've played this game on and off for 2 years, and have yet to be disappointed. I've probably got about 60 hours total (some were in offline mode) and, even using cheats, was still able to consistently have fun. What can I say. The universe is huge, there is plenty to do, and it's all fun. It's challenging but rewarding, and will keep you interested. Definitely worth the buy."
,Recommended,211820,28999342,Posted: 3 January,all,willoben,1st Night: Sat by a campfire with an Npc and we played our instruments together2nd Night: Sat by a campfire with an Npc and we played our instruments together3rd Night: Sat by a campfire with an Npc and we played our instruments together11023rd Night: Sat by a campfire with an Npc and we played our instruments togetherOverall a 10/10 would sit by a campfire and play an instrument again :)
76561198051320723,Recommended,211820,8075644,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Meme Turtle,The best mining simulator I've ever played
,Recommended,211820,27020544,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Whale Forever,"a simple graphic, adventure, and spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaceeee, what more can you ask?the game it self is procedural generated but is not like the other infamous game. This game has prove it self, that even with simple graphic, it can provide you with a good gameplay."
76561198058249867,Recommended,211820,8186197,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lord Boar the Third,Shoot and loot good fun. Plus building
76561198105484901,Recommended,211820,9356305,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ryu,"Amazing game , very addicting!"
,Recommended,211820,8998343,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Ravieolie [g4l14],you can make whatever you want! but with the stuf in the game.... BUT YOU DONT HAVE TO WEAR PANTS!
76561198029978533,Recommended,211820,9183815,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,America_Yea,Personally I think this game is just as good as terraria.  Of all of the simmilar style games I've played it is by far the best.
,Recommended,211820,7996355,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Cortez.flac,I DEMAND THIS GAME GETS INDIE GAME OF THE YEAR!or atleast Risk of Rain..That is all.
76561198153599044,Recommended,211820,34012312,Posted: 4 August,all,Tacocat backwards is tacocat,"If you like terraria you are (no pun intended) bound to like this game, it's full of adventure and things to kill!There are many planets to travel to.Things I've found:A monkey base full of scientistsA monkey lab full of zombie monkiesA bird civilizationA talking llama viking thing.Bandit campCanibal campsA haybale you can sleep in!A torture table that heals you (wtf)Flower peopleA planet that is entirely an oceanThat is just a small amount and I've only explored 2 galaxies."
76561197977892146,Recommended,211820,32352653,Posted: 11 June,all,M6Hurricane,It would be exceptionally difficult to justfiy leaving this out of the top 5 games to have ever been offered on Steam.
,Recommended,211820,28982541,Posted: 3 January,all,JasonScorpio,"Great game!Being a Terraria fan for years, I was not expecting Starbound to be better. Oh boy was I wrong! The game has a ""Do whatever you want"" feel in it but it actually has decent story and quests, making it far more interesting than other sandbox games.The only downside is that there are way too many weapons obtainable as almost 1 in 2 chests contains a weapon and the fact that there are a lot of unnecessary planets (hundreds of thousands to millions).Definitely recommending it!"
,Recommended,211820,8727337,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Jota,"I've tried Terraria, didn't like it. Not a bit of it. Everything about it bored me. But I bought Minecraft when it was 6 bucks, played the hell out of it, and couple weeks later Yogscast started doing their videos on their way to fame. Funny thing about Starbound is, even tho the game looks like terraria it is nothing like it. I only felt this dwarven feeling to dig nonstop forever that one time in the beggining of Minecraft. Never again. Friends were playing this and asked me to give it a try. I did and now I'm hooked !I can't pinpoint what exactly is the thing that gets me to play more and more of Starbound but everything on it makes me have a lovely fun time. Also I have to stop going inside every damn hole in each planet because everytime I go down for just an ore, it's like it sucks me down there to the core of the planet. Every. Single. Time.Awesome game, everyone should give it a go!"
76561198056455035,Recommended,211820,27055062,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Flamedude166,"Voxel-based games are nothing new, even if they're ""IN SPACE!"" However, Starbound is one of high quality. Although it had a rocky time through Early Access, it is one of very few early access titles to get a actual full release, even though some of the features are still lackluster and others are still being updated. The game is playable, even if it's not 100% complete.What I'm saying is, it's good, really good. And It's not even all here, yet, with more to come. This game gave me the one thing Terraria didn't: Infinite terrain. Not one endless world, but multiple smaller worlds, each with their own biomes and settlements. It's nigh impossible to run out of resources, since if one planet runs dry, you can just go to another. Not to mention colonies and farms and whatnot that you can build on planets, which you can easily go back to later with a flag and teleporter. Oh, and your ship is your hub, a fairly large one, even, once you upgrade it.And then there's randomly generated weapons and creatures and even crew members, just to add that extra bit of uniqueness to everything you see. It's not Borderlands- or Spore-level randomization, most weapons are pretty similar, and the random creatures don't even have names, but I'll take what I can get at this point.In short, it's pretty great. A fantastic buy on a good sale, but even at full price, it's worth it."
,Recommended,211820,7987756,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,SexualRhinoceros,"Very good, buy now.  Extremely moddable, extemely fun, great community where the devs ACTUALLY LISTEN to what you want, and the game is better than I could have ever imagined."
,Recommended,211820,33276643,Posted: 5 July,all,Cool Pepe,"This review was originally a comment I made replying to someone about whether they should buy Starbound since they like Terraria. Still basically is a review of the game though.Bosses and DungeonsTerraria and Starbound are without a doubt similar. They're both pixelated 2D sidescrollers trhat have you craft, explore, and fight monsters. In terms of a sense of progression however, Terraria takes the cake. Terraria has many bosses and dungeons that you have to complete in a sequential order as you progress through the game. Starbound, while having dungeons and bosses, is far simpler in practice. In Starbound the major in-game dungeons are story content that is unlocked after doing the same object scanning quest for that dungeon's respective race. The dungeons themselves while somewhat aesthetically pleasing, feel quite boring in my opinion. You go through their not-so-challenging obstacles and enemies to a final boss that is for the most part mechanically simple and thus, easy to beat. Hit the boss when it's armor is down, fight waves of enemies until the boss arrives and then shoot it, Switch the switches until you can use a device to damage the boss. Starbound just isn't interesting in that regard.ExplorationAfter you reach the game's hub world and beat the first story dungeon is when you get the ability to explore all that Starbound's procedurally generated universe has to offer. You go to your ship's bridge, and sit in the captain's chair to open the starmap. There you'll see an endless number of stars for you to warp to, each star with it's own tier and and different planets based on the star's tier. You pick a star, warp to it, then fly to a planet or moon of your choice. Different planets have different difficulties, worldgen dungeons, and species, so you have to make sure you're ready for that planet's mobs and climate. Along with the different mobs come different dungeons. Science facilities, prisons, and egyptian style temples, Starbound has quite a bit to offer. These dungeons are scattered on different types of planets so looking to the wiki is helpful when trying to look for something specific. Compared to the worldgen dungeons of Terraria, Starbound's dungeons are again, inferior. You'll be mining underground, or exploring the surface and see them. When you enter them they have mobs and loot to either collect or kill, then you leave. So long as you have equipment that's for that tier of planet/star they aren't too challenging, although the same could be said about Terraria and it's dungeons. Terraria has places like the hives, Jungle Temple, and the Dungeon with their rather challenging enemies, rare loot, and sometimes bosses. Something that the Starbound dungeons largely lack aside from the occasional miniboss. Starbound does have something that Terraria doesn't when it comes to exploration, and that is villlages. Like with the rest of the game, different planets and stars mean different villages. The villages contain a single race and are decorated with blocks and furniture that reflects that race. These villages also have loot to reap and merchants to barter with. However, you can't break too many blocks in the village or else the village guards will try to kill you. Some villagers will also have rnadomly generated quest, although they're not very varied and don't offer a great reward, except for maybe a crew member if you're lucky. There's also in sapce mech combat that only really gets interesting once you get upgraded mech parts that I feel are a little too difficult to get considering how small of a role mechs actually play in the game.Loot and CombatStarbound's loot consist of randomly generated wapons with random stats, cosmetic items, potions, armor, etc., just like Terraria, but again Terraria has better loot. Aside from the unique weapons, the loot in Starbound isn't all that interesting going through the game until you reach endgame. It isn't like Terraria where you're scrrambling to find a magic mirror before your friends or get a particular item for your build. You're going through the game equipping armor that's better than you last, finding stronger weapons, and equipping some of the many cosmetic items that the game gives you. And that brings us to combat. Without a doubt, Terraria has better combat than Starbound. Terraria has wings, a variety of magical items, a variety of magical swords, and more. Starbound has a variety of gun types, but most aren't very useful at all, and all the swords, axes, and spears are essentially the same item aside from a random secondary ability given to it. The enemies in Starbound are also pretty lackluster. No matter what planet you're on, you'll usually see the same enemies you've seen on other planets. Starbound's enemies somehow are somehow less varied across planets than Terraria's are on just one.BuildingI think Starbound wins in this category because of the matter manipulator, the block breaking and placing tool in Starbound. It allows you you upgrade it to have a longer range, break blocks faster, and increase the amount of blocks it can break simultaneaously. Another thing I feel I should note is that placing walls in Starbound is easier because it doesn't force you to fill any tiny seam in the wall, all wall blocks just seamlessly connect which helps save blocks.ModdingModding in Starbound is the reason I'm still playing it. Mods help to even the playfield between the two games and what allows Starbound (in my opinion) to shine. The Starbound mods that are currently availble help to improve the game in numerous ways and to add more content. One of the most, if not the most, popular mods for Starbound, Frackin' Universe, helps to fill the gaps between it and Terraria. It adds many planets, stars, biomes, and some bosses that really help to put a fresh coat of paint on the game after playing it a few times on vanilla. I highly reccomend getting the game and playing with Frackin' Universe as it really does bring Starbound in-line with Terraria (in my opinion)Conclusion/TL;DRThroughout the comparison it may seem as though I'm trying to paint Starbound in a negative light, however that isn't what I mean to show. My impressions of the two games are this:Terraria - Quality > QuantityStarbound - Quantity > QualityThere are a lot more mechanics in both games that I did not mention simply because this comment would be going on forever.Modding is what helps to keep me and many others interested in Starbound, and all you have to do is subscribe to the mod on the Steam Workshop to play them.Just to clarify, this is my opinion on the two games when compared.EDIT: Someday I'll figure out how to properly bold text..."
76561198048535768,Not Recommended,211820,8434000,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Snake Eyes,"I've only just started playing, but there are a few things I've found: 1: The creatures are difficult to fight, 2: The game starts off slow, and 3: the currency in the game is hard to get because once you die and loose money, there is no way of retrieveing it.. So, in a nutshell, this game is for players who like challenges and not for people who like to sit back and take it easy. So... beware where your money goes all those spenders out there...."
76561198015248256,Not Recommended,211820,8475249,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Chill penguin,untill the beta is done hold off on this game.
76561198062546495,Not Recommended,211820,9903447,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Niggler,This game has done nothing but dissappoint recently!!i have spent over a good 100 hours playing this game but updates have lacked!Early Access needs regular updates and i understand that moving offices takes time but that was months ago now i truely am dissapointed that there has not been an update yet.i have now moved on to big and better games that have been getting regular updates like 7 days to die!!
,Not Recommended,211820,10592337,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheyTarget,"Tedious. Simple as that. If you like doing the same exact thing repeatedly for 10 different tiers of slightly different colour armors this is the game for you. The gameplay is utterly atrocious, even for an early access game. The only redeeming factor is the graphics and building, but even then its incredibly tedious when the majority of blocks have to be found before you can craft them. I do not recommend."
,Not Recommended,211820,9383637,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,kaaz,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211820,10077940,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ZodGilla,"Starbound finally released, and it actually has less content than it did in the beta.-Everyone has the same SAIL AI instead of unique racial AI-Hunger and temperature were removed, and then hunger was put back in for the release, except on casual-Fossils and pets are lazily done-No large-scale planet terraforiming, weather manipulation, etc.which was hinted atAnd here are some of my personal gripes with the game.-Story in a sandbox game (Why?) and an awful one at that (An ancient evil awakens)-Everyone is from planet Earth, nobody gets a unique start-No large-scale farming, each time you harvest a plant you only get one seed that you continually replant, so you need to find more of that plant if you want to grow more instead of getting multiple seeds-You have to mine erchius fuel to fuel your ship, mining erchius fuel attracts a ghost that will kill you. Why? Why isn't there a ghost that kills me when I'm mining core fragments or tungsten?I have a lot more complaints and there are a lot more broken promises from the devs that didn't make it into the game, or made into the game in a very poorly done way. Just look at the other reviews."
76561198078218367,Not Recommended,211820,10579817,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,kai,"if you enjoyed terraria, you probably wont like this game. there is never a place to just settle down, changing planets takes ages, and half of the game is just mining coal and other fuels."
76561198042011843,Not Recommended,211820,10624532,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Samurai Jack,"Great concept, great visuals, great audio. Bad mechanics, bad implementation, bad game. No update in 3 months, just talk about the future and proof of concept dribble. Early access, I understand, but the game has been quite a let down with what was playable, and how the character summons bosses is also quite stupid. I expect this next update, whenever it may release, to fix everything for the amount of time given. If it doesn't then I don't see any hope for this games future, no matter how much chucklfish likes to talk about it."
,Not Recommended,211820,10620878,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,NegaSpark,"I'm not sure if this game will ever be 'finished' - I hope it is, one day! Randomly generated enviroments can seem samey and boring thanks to repeated use of pre-created areas (houses, towns, storehouses, labs, etc) which are nice on their own, but not after the 100th time you see them. Randomly-generated mobs often don't fit the enviroment, and also its impossible to tell which mobs are aggressive and which are passive just by looking - either by oversight, or intentionally. Some of other issues, like ranged weapons being uncraftable (is this still the case? not sure), can probably be fixed with mods; There is a decent mod community growing up around this game now.TL;DR: Wait for it to come off early access, or buy terraria instead, a much more solid game."
76561197983737617,Not Recommended,211820,10672919,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Bolder Boy,Starbound was a really cool game where you could play it safe by staying on low level planets or get in way over your head by going to really advanced planets.  Now all that is gone and the game forces you to dredge through hours and hours of monotonous game play to get to the more advanced planets.By the time you have really advanced items I can only imagine that your first base that you build up to be awesome is located on a level one planet and all the cool stuff you have is wasted on level one enemies.
,Recommended,211820,19940961,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,чики брики,"Starbound in a nutshell: adds a LOT of more food to the game, but removes the hungerbar so no need for food.But the food is still good, I mean they do give buffs, like jump bonus, speedbonus, glow, gravity (not sure if that one's still in the game) healthregen.I do like the new weapons (my favorite is Giant Sword, makes my sword look like a lightsaber :3 )"
,Recommended,211820,8544783,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Toast๑ﭥ,"This is terraria's spiritual successor. It is played much like it, yet it is not. It is like comparing minecraft to terraria. Very close, yet so far away. I really do reccomend this game."
,Recommended,211820,8945034,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Ats,"This is a great game! I spent Hours playing this. 11/10. I recommend this to everyone who likes Building, Fighting, Mining and Adventuring."
76561198073822914,Recommended,211820,9163097,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mr.Fallon,Its pixels get me hard.
,Recommended,211820,32332118,Posted: 10 June,all,iCryInMySleep,No Man's Sky but actually good. Its a good mix of Terraria and space with a little bit of Minecraft. My only complaint is no death messages for multiplayer.
,Recommended,211820,9385649,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Fet Flai: Nig Revenge,"2D No Man's Sky, more polished, costs 45 less dollars."
,Recommended,211820,7985299,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,wandrecanada,"It's a great start to a game that takes what Terraria built and improves on many things it missed.  As the game continues to develop I feel like this is the first game that has the potential to eclipse Minecraft.One ship, thousands of random planets and endless possibility.  If you're remotely interested it's worth the $15 to get into the beta.  When release 1.0 is rolled out there is no reason not to get this game."
,Recommended,211820,9094490,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,KnitFastDieWarm,"Such a fun and addictive sandbox game. Terraria in space, what's not to love? The devs are very open and communicative through multiple avenues, so I can confidently say that it's one game that I definitely don't regret supporting in early access. It's going to be a hell of a game when it's finished!"
,Recommended,211820,8110923,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Epoc,"Already so good, and it's just a beta. I wasn't a big fan of Terraria at all, but this game got me hooked just after a couple hours. Lovely graphics, awesome soundtrack and a never ending potential. (Also, it's super relaxing after a hard day at work. :p)Go for it, and enjoy."
,Recommended,211820,9783285,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Zen,"Very good game, like Terraria but upgraded as ♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,211820,7995152,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Luvbi,"Super fun game, much like Terraria but with it's own twist, IN SPACE. I really love the different aspects of the game, and if you can get it, do it."
,Recommended,211820,8069855,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BananasGoMoo,"This is basically Terraria but actually good.I know a lot of people really liked Terraria but personally it got boring very quickly for me. This game on the other hand, is so amazing, and its only in early beta (really its alpha, since game mechanics are still being altered). It does things in a way that Terraria should have done it.For example: In Starbound, your digging tool (pickaxe or the default thing) all more than one tile at a time. The pickaxe digs 3x3 and the default tool digs 2x2. In terraria you had to dig each block seperately, which meant that you couldn't dig straight sideways or straight down/up very easily. Another cool thing is that this game already has 5 bosses, which is almost as much as Terraria, but this is only ""beta"".Other cool things include: randomly generated monsters (each monster type is generated from a random selection of parts), randomly generated planets (infinite amounts of them, I might add), a large amount of block type (more than terraria, and also planets have different colors for the same block, and that color is saved in your inventory), auto-sorting inventory (its also double the size of the terraria inventory), and in this game, ammo costs energy (since sci-fi) instead of ammo, meaning you dont have to carry 10000000 stacks of ammo. Also item stacks are 1000 per stack, which is more than Terraria. Lastly, the water and sand physics are the best I've seen in any game of this type (Minecraft, Terraria, etc).Theres lots of other things in this game that are better than comparable things in Terraria, but if I listed them all, this review would be way longer than it already is, so I'll let you find everything cool.TL;DR: If you didnt like Terraria, get this, you'll probably like it. If you did like Terraria, this is way better, so get this.Also the artist is the same as the guy from Terraria, so its a similar art style. And the game is updated very often. (*cough cough* Terraria *cough cough*)PS: There are asteroids above every planet. Also space birds. Beware of space birds."
,Recommended,211820,32302036,Posted: 9 June,all,Virus_Void,2d game 1/10
,Recommended,211820,8356399,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tabasco,You don't have to wear pants10/10
,Recommended,211820,34356123,Posted: 19 August,all,Saspunas,Who are you ? -No Man's SkyI'm you but successful -Starbound
,Recommended,211820,29902408,Posted: 13 February,all,LazyGamer1987 | 2bad4u,This game is like bacon. Its so enjoyable and addictive.
,Recommended,211820,25390928,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gehab,This game is taking over my life and destroying my YouTube channel which has taken me 2 years to build.I love it.
76561198039274767,Recommended,211820,9275587,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,sillyredheadgirl,This a good game. Easy to pick up and get lost in. I find it a bit addicting... :D
,Recommended,211820,7976818,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,KennyG,my ♥♥♥♥♥ is so stanky
,Recommended,211820,11791423,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,ۜ۶๖Moτʜʀɪɴ εїз,"First of all, I truely love this game, and with bias would recommend 110%, but in the case of a review, I will be blunt and critical.This game is not evencloseto being finished, and while that is expected of an early access game, in the case of this game it is more like a couple of years. This is clear due to the poor combat system, server functionality, chunk generation (not the worlds themselfes as they are quite nice, but rather how they load), the lack of content, people SPEEDING through the tiers of equipment at the speed of light (I try to avoid it, but other players make this hard!) and last but the worst of all: there is very little optimization.I currently have an AMD A10-5700 APU (that I am only clocking as a cpu) and a Nvidia GeForce GTX 660-TI graphics (mid lvl card) and 8 gigs of ram (about 95% accessable), and finally a pretty fast hard drive (forgot speed, but high tier rpms). A game that is a 2d voxelized adventure game should not lag too much right? Not this game. I will give the optimization a break due to the early access, but it is pretty bad especially due to the lack of graphical options. Don't get me wrong, I can handle it well, but I get fps drops, which due to the fps dependant physics and ai, enemies go slowmode while I rampage and destroy them, defeating the purpose of fighting.Next is the content. This game has unbalanced tiers, making it look like it has much MUCH less content it has, so I had to overlook my thoughts many times, but basically, it falls short of Terraria (funny thing the artists are the ones from Terraria). Due to the unbalanced progression through the game, the game feels 1/3 its actual size, making it seem very early access indeed. I heard it as Starbound Beta, but it feels more like it is still in alpha. Don't get me wrong! This game has come VERY far from where it started long ago, but it is still small, yet big.Where this game makes a huge comeback is on two fields: exploration and music. When you beam down from your ship for the first time, it feels like a huge world unlike any other that, in contrast to Terraria offers near infinate possibilities. From a select choice of biomes, the the very deep and tall worlds digging deep and building high. Instead of magical wall boundries at the end of the planet, you circle around too! The planet is round, not flat!Next is the music, and what can I say? The music is AMAZING in my eyes! It fits well with the game, and personally I find it amazing on its own accord. A great part is that you can find and play instruments! You can even assign a band ID and play them with your friends!My personal prefference on this game is a 10/10, and when it is finished, games should follow this game as an example for years to come!As a critical person, I would have to rate this only as an early access game a 9/10, while normally the issues would drag this game to the depths of hell, this is an early access game, but what is there is amazing!Buy this game! It is purely amazing!"
,Recommended,211820,12657455,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Capslock,Buy it for the survival gameplayStay for the bad multiplayer where the top servers are all roleplay
,Recommended,211820,20045559,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Scolopendra[百足],"Space, space ships, space stations, mechs, pirates, frogs, Judas, dragons, racists, racists riding on dragons, penguins, penguins mercenaries, penguins scientists, boss penguin, penguin engineer, robot penguin, monsters, monsters with tentacles, giant tentacles, tentacles, racist-tentacles, bosses with tentacles, the final boss with tentacles on the planet of tentacles !!! (Japan ^^)Well, random generation of everything and everything, hundreds of mods from the workshop and co-op server.It's perfect. 10/10 GOTY"
76561198134227849,Recommended,211820,32131176,Posted: 2 June,all,J4K_AUS,Positive
,Recommended,211820,8238001,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,gespa,"This is what you get when Terraria, Minecraft, and Star Trek have a baby! You must gather resources to go across the galaxy from planet to planet, and then start the process over again. I recommend this game to anyone who wants a challenging, and very fun 2D survival platformer."
,Recommended,211820,7948730,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Industeral Night,"it is a great game based on the time i've had with it, but it still has a few bugs that needs ironing out."
,Recommended,211820,8584961,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Dr. Helio,"if you like terraria then starbound is right up your ally, even in beta. I can't wait for the finished product but even as is, exploring space, finding really cool viliages and other awesome things, you can mine and create to your hearts content and even expore astaroid feilds.If you don't want to deal with charactor wipes then don't play... I already don't look forward to losing my guy x.x.it fulfils an itch, and if you hate restarting worlds over and over again to get new things, then try this game. when you start a new world, you can still go back to your old ones. mod your ship and as long as you set a home location you can go back to it no matter where your ship is through warp.the npcs  are neat and the book system is nice. it't like tarraria with story telling. or a least a little lore."
76561198003061914,Recommended,211820,8132362,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,BigFistor,"For a Beta Release.... GOD DAMNIs this game a decent installment to the various types of sandbox games, but ofcourse with a more meaningful purpose.Id recommend this game to people who like to create and explore!Enjoy!"
,Recommended,211820,8552364,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Domedar,Amazing game! It started out interesting but as you get the basics down it's getting highly addictive. I personally find it amazing to play with friends and build a big base on planets together or battle giant bosses.Other than that it has lots of variety with the races and each race has their own personal look.The weapons are great and there's loads of different weapons to choose from.  If your friends aren't online or a server s not running you can always just go to single player with your character and progess your space adventure from there and still keep all of your stuff for MP. Great Game! must have :)
76561197970733924,Recommended,211820,31635395,Posted: 8 May,all,Praetoriian,"Excellent game, great graphics, and a fantastic soundtrack. However, the only downside to Starbound is that the beginning quests are confusing and lack direction. Other than that, I love the game.If you do happen to buy the game, know that you will have to figure the game out yourself before you actually start to enjoy it."
76561198100860527,Recommended,211820,29492628,Posted: 25 January,all,BraedonBaBOOM,I loved the 2d game I played this after terrarria u should really get it
,Recommended,211820,29651085,Posted: 2 February,all,scorpion,Very good game considering the price tag. The story cuts a little short after you defeat the last boss and the late game feels empty. This can be fixed by a platora of mods though just look at the workshop.
76561198086457612,Recommended,211820,29471068,Posted: 24 January,all,Draconi,"Bought the game when it was still in development and enjoyed it back then. Now it has been released for a while and there have been many great updates. The great thing about Starbound is that there's always some goal to go for. Upgrade your gear, build a nice colony, find a suitable planet, pursue the main story etc. Over 100hours in the game now and still enjoying!"
76561198057085297,Recommended,211820,29474824,Posted: 24 January,all,tpiper78,"Probably my favorite game of 2016...for all it's 8 bit graphics, it is really entertaining.  Nice game to lay back and relax too."
,Recommended,211820,29792265,Posted: 8 February,all,Buddhamonkey,This game is good even single player but 10x better with friends so if you have money and friends to play with get it and have a great time doing random things or just the story line (kinda short though) its good over all
,Recommended,211820,7950471,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Southpaw____,"As a budding game designer / developer I am telling you right now we as the consumer of this product should feel guilty for stealing this gem of a game at the pricepoint they are selling it at, BETA or not.  I am not the type of gamer that normally enjoys this type of gameplay but after spending an hour in the game with my brother I found it very difficult to put down so that I could get some much needed sleep.  If you do not have this game BUY IT NOW! The only regret you will have is coming to the realization of how much time this game took away from your life."
76561198168373094,Recommended,211820,30563320,Posted: 16 March,all,P O P P O,"Starbound is and amazing game, i've been playing this game since mid 2013, and throughout the years i've had so much fun. Now that Starbound is fully released (Version 1.0 being released in 2016) it has a lot more content to explore. You don't just have to be a space explorer, you could run a colony, make a mueseum, be an archeologist, a bounty hunter, a robot, a plant person, an ape, a rebel against an opressive dictator. technically in Starbound, anything is possible, the game has an amazing main questline and heaps of items to keep you hooked for ages."
,Recommended,211820,33983875,Posted: 2 August,all,Brust,1 Reason that u should buy this game.SSSSSSSSSSSPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,211820,7975110,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mx772,"Even thought it is in beta, this game has completely got me tangled in its depths and I can't get out. Even though its artwork and style is very terraria-esq I don't feel as if I am playing terraria. (Personally wasn't a huge fan of Terraria) But this game's depth of going to different planets, encountering different races and finding new wonders completely has me in love. It is especially great to know that the makers are constantly updating as well. (several updates with major improvements and additions within first week). So do I recommend this game? Of course, and im wondering how you haven't purchased it yet."
,Recommended,211820,11302733,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Axvill,11 of 10!Beautiful
,Recommended,211820,14033260,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,omae wa mo shindeiru,"8/10I will give Starbound 8/10 .Positive Things:- Many weapons- Even guns- You can build whatever you want ( also a village with villagers c: )- Open / Endless World ( Planets)- You have your own SpaceShip- You can have pets- 2D game and has good grapicsNegative Things:- I have a ""good "" PC and i can play games with much better grapics , without any lag , but i think that's because of the EarlyAcsess.- Bossfights are a bit too easy- There is not really a Story Line- You can just go for adventures , but after 20-30 hours , it will be boring ( that's what ! I ! noticed. )To come to an end , Starbound is a very good game even if it's Early Acsess.I've like 90 hours now in Starbound , but i dont really play because i have some laggs.But its also funny and good to play with lag.- So should i buy and play Starbound?- That's no question , HELL YES!"
76561198066570988,Recommended,211820,9449219,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Ser Nexi XVI,"I don't see how people keep managing to compare this to Terraria. The only thing they have in common is the sprite artist. Anyways, off to the positive parts of the game.Lotsa stuff to create, randomly generated monsters, an awesome soundtrack, a hunger and temperature system (Edit: Hunger is no longer removed, temp is...sort of back?), and inter-galactic travel amongst a procedurally generated infinite universe.Now, on to the cons. The game can get a bit repetitive or frustratingly challenging, and sometimes the player doesn't know what to do or has problems finding the materials to advance the main Outpost quests. That's all I can think of.I recommend this to anyone who loves space games and/or 2D games.(Edit: Wow, I looked at my only review. I was bad at spelling temperature correctly when I made this, apparently. Anyways, redid the review a bit so it was worded better than as if a 5 year old wrote it, translated it to Dutch, then to Portuguese, then to Vietnamese, then to English.)"
,Not Recommended,211820,25046104,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Scyphoza,I wish i could give a sideways thumb for mediocre games.The good- Ships are useful when upgraded and townbuilding is arguably better than Terraria with Generated NPCs that can join you over a few static NPC.- Visually it looks good for the type of game it is.The Bad- No Map- No way to Stack to chest whitout opening and manually doing it for each individual chest.- No sort option for chests just for whats in your inventory.- Once the ship gets fully upgraded there is no reason to build on a planet.- No random invasion event or boss spawns.- Crew AI is bad and your crew tends to either cluster in one spot on your ship or stand between you and the item you want to click on.The game isnt terrible but its not really good either for the amount of time its been in developement.Overall id say get it on sale so you can play it for a few days and forget it but dont pay full price.
76561198145035696,Recommended,211820,20792570,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,marel,"It pains me to say this, as terraria is one of my favourite games, i can honestly say that starbound so far has been a more enjoyable playthrough than terraria. i compare both of them because they are so simular yet so different in countless ways.music-9/10 (repeates a lot)art style-10/10gameplay-9/10thats just to give you an ideaI highly reccomend this game to any who loved terraria 11/10"
,Recommended,211820,15228036,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,<6 withh,space
,Recommended,211820,20309782,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Aarquen,"Okay, I saw there are a lot of people complaining about the developers and about the last updates. I don't know what these updates were and what they did.What I know is that this game is fun!Yes, it is simillar to Terraria, it looks like it, but it's not its clone. It's better! You can create your character (and choose one of the 7 races available), improve your spaceship, explore new planets (each one has a distinctive biome), build your own house..And also, you can play with your friends! :DYou get bored after some time, but.. well, it's a sandbox. The same happens when you play games like Minecraft and Terraria.So yeah, this game is pretty fun and I recommend it.UPDATE:The only thing I didn't like about this game is the fact that it doesn't support a controller. It would be nice playing with one instead of using the mouse and the keyboard.8/10"
76561198043169258,Recommended,211820,17748188,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Steve from Blue's Clues,"With the lates update, Starbound has truly come into its own. Now it's much more than just ""Terraria but in space"". Planet exploration used to be pointless other than to see new biomes, now players can be ambitious and start their own empire from being just an exile at the start. If you haven't bought it by now then it is definitely a must-buy, and that is just this update. There's much more to be enjoyed especially if you love 2D platformers/crafty survival games."
,Recommended,211820,18735631,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Canada,"Now, many people are raining hate on this because the devs have no clear focus. While, I can see where they're coming from, I'd like to say, the game is amazing. While, I'd have to admin I loved the Koala versions better than this, I still love the game. Chucklefish dont really have anything in mind for this game, but atleast they keep it in somewhat active development.What's my useless verdict? It's a good game. You cant hate the devs for doing what they think best."
,Recommended,211820,8957581,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,oh boy!,10/10 would play.
,Recommended,211820,7976769,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MohEternal ~ BatigoL,A really fun and addictive game. It does look like Terraria but with more advanced graphics and has a lot more to offer. Early Access already looks great can't wait for the full game and I would recommand it :).
,Recommended,211820,8265997,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tittynut,"THIS IS AN AWESOME GAME!!!!!!!!!!!! or is it? since its still in beta its okay, although I must say that the game will MOST likey become more advanced!That is my AREViEW of SKYRIM KILLING CHILDREN MOD!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!:embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage::embermage:"
,Recommended,211820,7998356,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Oofer,"Truely a refreshing experience. While borrowing heavily from Terraria, calling it a clone would be an ASTRONOMICAL dis-service. Without spoiling too much, the game centers around travelling throughout the stars as one of 6 races (Avian,Hylotl,Apex,Human,Glitch, or Floran) in your KICK♥♥♥♥♥SPACESHIP! The graphics are honestly breath-taking, each sprite having it's own essance and personality. The sound track is phenominal,containing some tracks that honestly tugged on my heartstrings without there being any rhyme or reason to it, so calm and soothing. The gameplay is a blast, allowing for many ways to play. Staying on one planet and building a city-scape,harvesting resources then traveling from planet to planet seeking dungeons and loot, Mining to your heart's content, you name it. The real star of the show here however, is the multiplayer...OH MY GOOD GOLLY GOSH THE MULTIPLAYER. Every single aspect of this game is multiplied by 10 while in multiplayer! Dungeons become less intimidating, loot becomes more present, and the world just feels a bit..bigger!All-in-all, this game is a masterpiece! Mixing elements of old seamlessly with the new, this really is a spectacle. Not to mention that it's only in beta, so as time goes on more and more updates will emerge bringing more life than the last. Please, do yourself a favor and BUY THIS GAME! You won't regret it!The only TRUE flaw is that (due to updates) characters are being deleted. Due to this, long-term development is out of the picture for now,but because this game IS about adventure, I think it is great to experience a new adventure each time you play! I give this game a 9.5/10 (Currently) BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,211820,8864109,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,RDF_Blitzfur,"If you don't play this game, Kluex will strike you down"
,Recommended,211820,17382533,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,epic boat assassin,"spends 3 years in development only to add about 400 small things...........................It''s an epic game, buy it."
,Recommended,211820,8646708,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Frank,"IT'S LIKE TERRARIA IN SPEEHHSS WITH LASERS AND SPACEGUNS AND MONSTERS AND ASTEROIDS AND OTHER FEGGETS AND LIKE A ♥♥♥♥♥ON OF WEAPONS AND SWORDS AND CRAFTING AND IT'S SOOOO GOOD BUY IT YES DO IT PLAY WITH FRIENDS IT'S SO COOL YES FEGGET BUY IT, BUY IT NOW K TNX BYE"
,Recommended,211820,29039931,Posted: 5 January,all,Nauotit,An infinite universe for an infinite playtime. Go for it
76561198318892777,Recommended,211820,29820542,Posted: 10 February,all,Zaxento The Greedy,"This Game Is Purely Fun, You Can Play This Game With All Kinds Of People!Friends, Family, And Your Random Friends List Friends!(And Bob, Him Too)The Point Is, This Game Provided Curiosity For Me, Fun, Adventure, And Well, Its Basicaly What Many People Say ""What No Man's Sky Should've Been"", And I Agree With Them, If Your Playing This, I Recommend Getting A Friend To Play This Amazing Experience With, I've Had Many Adventures Here, A Journey To Near The World's Core For Certain Crystals, The Moon, And Even Saving A Entire Mining Colony!I Recommend This Game For You People, Don't Let Those Bad Reviews Get You Doubtful, This Game Is Just Amazing..."
76561198151560949,Recommended,211820,17821999,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,stiffybutter,keep up the optimization and mod support....especially the optimization.  ;)
76561198145956494,Recommended,211820,31140072,Posted: 14 April,all,Sleepy~,"This game is awesome! You have so many planets to explore and so much loot to grab. WIth the vasts worlds, their is no way you can not have nothing to do! And when you get a little lonely, you can play with friends!! (When they don't leave you ;-;). You have so much to do in this game alone or with people. The possibliltes of your imagination are endless with so much to do and also so much to kill :3. 10/10 would waste my life on this again <3P.S- If you ever see a pokemon man named Amphy don't play with him, he'll leave you alone for 2-3 days and not tell you the day before ;-;"
,Recommended,211820,8896192,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Unforeskin Consequences,0/10 Not actually bound to a star
,Recommended,211820,8059828,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Accordingly,FunMillions of planetsHundreads of weaponsSpace shipsSpaceFunSpaceSpaceand Spaceshipsoh and alot of space.
76561198065635994,Recommended,211820,8770015,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Lukieboo,"This game is really fun. Playing with a friend or two is where it's at. This is NOT just Space Terraria, although if you like Terraria, you will probably like this game. Basically imagine a regular survival game for an in-game day or two, and then once you fuel up your ship, the game world all of the sudden explodes and you are given a literal universe of opportunites. Starbound is a great game that I recommend to everyone that likes a good time."
,Recommended,211820,8005138,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,uwema,"This game is awesome! But remember it's still in beta. I like the idea of it, but it's just a little boring in SINGLEPLAYER! I haven't played it in multiplayer yet but I assume that it is just like Terraria: Alone is boring as f*ck, but in the multiplayer awesome!"
,Recommended,211820,28595066,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,MegaStrimp,Better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,211820,8069982,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Day Man Fighter of the Night Man,"Greatest 16 bit side scroller game ever made and probably well be for a long time, Take Skyrim. Minecraft, and eve smash them with a 16 bit hammer and you have starbound. Amazing 10/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,29814162,Posted: 9 February,all,Exboi,Boring real fast.
,Recommended,211820,9074120,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kreay Ayanami,"Definitely one of my favourite games right now.It features a slice-of-life style gameplay, as I can simply build my dream home and grow crops.But also features the fantasy and sci-fi genres in both combat and exploration.In my eyes its got everything I want and need."
,Recommended,211820,7970771,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,InfiniteIntegral,is gut
76561198045902835,Recommended,211820,8124967,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,marlaj,"This game is Awesome, Better than terraria and always suprise us in each update they do. :D"
,Recommended,211820,8464266,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,WewWew,"I was waiting for a sale to purchase the game but I couldn't wait to have it. On the first hour I played it I discovered that it is a huge game with a major content.This is the game you can spend your hours on. If you are going to buy just one game, buy Starbound. You won't regret."
76561198083583750,Recommended,211820,8870505,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Goblin,This game made my spill goat blood all over my keyboard! I had to eat 5 orphans to return it back to normal.
,Recommended,211820,8698509,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Queen Isla,I ♥♥♥♥in love this game ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s buy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,8584793,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,BatagonIstWeich,Awesome game already with lots of content - to think that there is even more content to come makes me happy :D
,Recommended,211820,8599288,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Saint,"At first , the game is a little odd maybe confusing , you were expecting it to be like terraria except its better . Everything good from  terraria is here but then theres more , a whole planetary system to explore you can do anything ... And the best part , you can build,kill,craft,fly,buy,sell,sleep and cook all in the nude , that alone makes this 10/10 good game worth the price tag."
76561198015392323,Recommended,211820,8418710,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Exaelitus,"Even though this is an Early Access game, the current state of the alpha/beta is very much on par with other fully developed games.  There are some content/balance issues, but overall there is a surprising amount of fun gameplay in this gem!This game, as it is now, is miles ahead of any other side-scroller-type-Minecrafty game.  The updates seem to be frequent and meaningful unlike many ""Early Access"" games I've seen (esp. non-Steam ones, Wollay I'm looking at you!  =/ )And that's just as it is as of this writting, the game looks very much like it's maturing into a game that will be better than even many ""AAA"" titles.  Just be aware there are many minor (non-breaking) bugs in this game so far.  But I'm confident this will be improved as time goes one.Highly recommend, even at $15 or so."
,Recommended,211820,7994113,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,plos6,"""THIS GAME IS EPIC BUY IT NOW 11/10 BUY IT IF YOU DONT BUY IT YOU HAVE NO PURPOSE"" -me when the game was in alpha""THIS GAME IS AMAZING NOW WITH A STORY AND AN EXCESSIVE AMOUNT OF NEW CONTENT BUY IT NOW 12/10 BUY IT IF YOU DON'T BUY IT YOU HAVE NO PURPOSE"" -me now that it's fully released"
,Recommended,211820,9590347,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Rivers,"This game is one of the best build/survive/sandbox/rpg/space game that I have ever played. The number of items, blocks and weapons are awesome, me and my friends play StarBound all the time and its hard to get off and go to bed its so enjoyable!5/5"
,Recommended,211820,7984377,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,alltoastes,F ye
,Recommended,211820,8351910,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nidmorr,"It is hard to say what exactly makes Starbound so damn good. It takes the best out of Minecraft , the best out of Terraria and then adds a big chunk of its own character to make it one of the most enjoyable and addicting games available.Even as it stands in its Early Beta stage the game is very much playable and for the most part functional.It features thousands of items ( mostly cosmetic ) with which you are able to build houses , cities , or even populate entire planets if you have the time for that . The NPCs actually seem alive and they can be either friendly or hostileThe game will also feature quests  ( atm only tutorial quests ) which will definetly add even more depth to an already overwhelming world that features countless planets , different races with different history and many secrets just waiting do be discovered.Really, just buy this game, it has a mech"
76561198040419937,Recommended,211820,7953454,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,billfred97™,"This is basically Terraria, except better in every way, so if you like Terraria, you'll REALLY like this."
,Recommended,211820,7983816,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Smack The Rounds,"Great game, if you like Terraria you will Love this one, even if you are new to this type of game i highly recommend this. Many hours played and the space exploration is amazing!"
,Recommended,211820,8041310,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ttariel,Just started BETA already more fun the 3A games.If you like games that kill your time because you are busy running around with your rainbow cape killing trees with eyeballs while playing Eye of the Tiger on your 8bit guitar.Buy itIf you dont like games like this.Buy itNot buying it ?Buy itBuy it ?Buy it
,Recommended,211820,8157628,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CPT.CAPSLOCK,YESH I LIKE THIS NEW GAME
,Recommended,211820,8265909,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Andrew,"Once upon a time, there was life without this game. Then there was this game."
,Recommended,211820,24986588,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,PulseNZ,"Ok, this game has came a long way scince it first came out in 2013. It used to get boring after a while but was still really fun. Now it has all sorts of things quests, puzzel rooms and more. It's basicly 2D No Mans Sky. I stopped playing it for about two years and came back to a huge update. When i opened it was like a whole different game. I didn't even know what was going on. So i say buy this if you cant handle No Mans Sky. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,26844592,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Pague,"To be honest,it took me alot more time to get out of this addiction than buying this game."
,Recommended,211820,9401338,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Preston Garvey,HOW DO YOU INSERT A POTATO IN THE DISKDRIVE?
,Recommended,211820,7943280,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zadeon,Get this.
,Recommended,211820,8976481,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Nychippy,must get
,Recommended,211820,8534112,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,poto,"This game is just totally amazing and I would reccomend it to ANY gamer. Anyone can play it, and it is a massive amount of fun. Making a ""party"" is a very nice feature because it allows you and your friends or friend to beam to there ship and see there stats. A person who loves minecraft and a person who loves LoL would most likely both enjoy the game."
,Recommended,211820,9393372,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,〘 L Ξ И И Ҡ Ѧ 〙,"While this game is fun and all, I found when I tryed to play on a diffrent computer my data had been moved. The game is very action packed and if you compaired it to terraria I would have to ♥♥♥♥♥ slap you across the face."
,Not Recommended,211820,11135521,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Salmon,"This game is worth $15, but don't expect it to ever become anything more.Starbound is a 2D sci-fi sandbox building game.  It's pretty much Terraria in space, really.However, the actual gameplay consists entirely of this:1. Beam down to planet2. Laugh at planet's goofy-looking monsters and tentacle trees3. Spend 9 hours grinding the goofy monsters for crafting currency4. Get pushed off a cliff by a pink, fire-breathing seagull and lose 30% of the crafting currency5. Use crafting currency to build device that summons boss.6. Slowly wear down boss's health while wedged into a tiny, impenetrable corner7. Use loot from boss to make device allowing you to go to more planets8. Marvel at really cool spaceflight animation9. Repeat from step 1That said, it is worth the $14.99 that it currently costs.  The combat is pretty bad and the resource gathering is mind-numbingly grindy, but the goofy monster part alone (the part that actually worked) is probably worth the price of the game.It should also be noted that this game will realistically never leave Early Access, hasn't been updated in 5 months, and the developers spent $4,000,000 of Kickstarter money on booze, drugs, and roguelike pirate games.But still, it's only $15.  And it's worth it for what you get.  But don't expect to ever get anything else."
,Recommended,211820,8007713,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,you know i had to do it to em,"This is an amazing game, with all the different customization options (your character, base, ship) to the vast ammount of places to visit."
,Recommended,211820,8793987,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Ivan Skodje,"If I didn't own it, I'd buy it again!"
76561198079213322,Recommended,211820,7960675,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Punished Allaj,Very Amazing game so happy i have it =).
,Recommended,211820,8189256,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Douck,LOVE IT SO MUCH
,Recommended,211820,8652783,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Ape,"The game is like Terraria in space + the steroids, lots of fun. Might get boring if you are going to play alone. Still though, definitely worth it! Find a friend to play with and you are good to go!"
,Recommended,211820,33169684,Posted: 2 July,all,gergo2 #friendly,It is like no man's sky.. but this is good and exciting :D
,Recommended,211820,17884151,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Creepernova,its the most awesome game ever I recommend that you get it!
,Recommended,211820,29772291,Posted: 7 February,all,Zapping Triple Ks and Gays,"A good side scroller, that despite what some may tell you, is very different from terraria, also underappriciated."
,Not Recommended,211820,12432593,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,BoB the Boodler,"I already Bought the Game but you know it will always take your money.. Isn't even ready for a full release needs to be taken out of steam and worked on... After that maybe it will be ready. If you want a good game, Get Terraria Better than this pieace of crap."
,Recommended,211820,30660514,Posted: 21 March,all,lilyswalker77,I love the game but there should be marriges I really want my character Cyan to get married to one of my crew members. I have a dress but I can't get married to him because it's not in the game they are the perfect couple but they can't get married. Please add a way that they can get married like a ring or a bunch of flowers.
76561198142741096,Recommended,211820,34533427,Posted: 27 August,all,WAFFLE of DOOM,Starbound is a great game for people of all ages and playstyles. Starbound can be played however you chose and at any pace. From building a colony and starting a humble farm to taking off and blasting through space to find recources and companions to even embarking on the story and fighting powerful bosses demanding strategic movements every path is thought out and hand crafted for you to enjoy. While Starbound is an amazing expierence there are still downpoints such as seeking out every species in a repetive manor for the story or searching every planet for a specific ore or crafting material. Overall I very much enjoy Starbound and hope to see it continue to grow.
,Recommended,211820,34097485,Posted: 8 August,all,Crocket,"It's Terraria in space.What more do I need to say?But seriously it's really cool, you get space mechs and stuff.Would recommend, especially with friends."
,Recommended,211820,15966115,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Taluni (Ázul Matla),Gets boring after 4000hours
76561198181325077,Recommended,211820,17804058,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,gerG_23 | Hellcase.com,The music for this game will cure the deaf. I swear.And the game is pretty freaking awesome as well.
,Recommended,211820,18198490,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Blooboncus,terraria but better and in space
76561198037566138,Recommended,211820,18239150,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Imperator Sif,"Like Terraria, except not at all and in fact 100 times more enjoyable.  Semi-frequent (MASSIVE) updates and more places to explore than you can count (Yes, even more than 10)  10/10"
76561198169378634,Recommended,211820,17467128,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Milquetoast,"amazing game, if you like terraria go and buy it. if you don't, just buy it anyway."
,Recommended,211820,8357539,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Thermal,A must have for anyone who has reached endgame terraria
,Recommended,211820,7961534,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,vincepascoe,Most adicitng game since Rouge Legacy.... I play untill my body gives out... even though its early access it has 80 of hours of game play... and there patching almost nightly.a few crashes and bugs and a few things you cant craft yet. but really love it.
76561198219488685,Recommended,211820,32521411,Posted: 17 June,all,DDG Shuredda niku,1. open the game2. never stop playing3. die playing starbound4. enjoy
,Recommended,211820,25657689,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Wince,- One of the best Arts team i know.- Awesome lore and huge amount of little details- Kawaï- RelaxingMiscellaneous/spoiler:- Oh ; it's pineapple pizza day ; cool then xDr.- /played: even more than 800 offline/offsteam mode*** ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ ***
,Recommended,211820,9508498,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Mad Catter,"Its really a great game, its little sotyline is quite interesting and the fact that it resembles Terraria means nothing, if you think this game IS terraria your HORRABLY mistaken!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24529927,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Δ 900 Mag,one of the few games that ended up worse than what they started with.
76561198236165908,Recommended,211820,17852651,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Sir Chippy,"1: Plz change the damage back to the way it was, i hate the idea  of armors increase the damage.If you can not do that just change the damage back to the way it was.2:Add more bosses and armors i really like this game but its slightly going down hill.3:Add more mechs and add the speeder bikes i was so exited when the human mech tech came out but there are no more sadly.4:More magic weapons i love the staffs so add more.5:All in all this game is outstanding and i really hope it can keep thriving, thanks for reading and everyone have a great day!!!"
,Recommended,211820,8259589,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Blackloch°,"One of the best Early Access games I've bought. Even though it's still in beta stage, the game has worked flawlessly and I haven't encountered any bugs yet.Even if the game isn't fully completed yet, there's already hours of content to keep you busy. There's HUGE amount of planets and solar systems to explore, different type of eco systems, weather effects, monsters etc.I've already spent hours just exploring stuff, crafting all kinds of things (foods, clothing, furnitures), building tents, igloos, underground bunkers, houses - housing villagers, doctors, merchants etc. And of course, pimping out my own spaceship!There's lots of similarities with Minecraft, which isn't a bad thing at all. Turn that concept into 2D, pour some steroids there and you have Starbound on your hands.Once the beta steps into next phase where they stop erasing our characters, the game is going to get my main focus."
,Recommended,211820,29664681,Posted: 3 February,all,Lystent,"It may not be the best of this genre (Terraria is my favorite), it may suffer a gameplay issue that Noman's Sky suffered from (lack of random generated content), it may occasionally crash on me (forcing me to maintain a routine manual back-up after play sessions), but I have a fair amount of hours into it, and am not discouraged from spending more hours into it.Cute game (with a darkly undertone) that is enriched by decent background music and visual artwork. Shame I can't say too much about normal combat though; last time I played, I rigged up a pet to jump-scare me whilst combing through hostile-filled dungeons with its distinct roar, and ""gwarr, Ima big fat wall of pain, gwarr!"" support. Most of the pets are not very practicle though.In the end of my short review, I must, however, rate this game, either 'recomended', or 'not recomended'. Since I have been reserving 'not recomended' for games that just feel like a rip, and/or whose devs performed a and action that hurts the game's community in a fassion I find appaling, I am left with 'recomended'.But it is a fair Terraria encore in my mind though."
76561198043112514,Not Recommended,211820,29776218,Posted: 7 February,all,Team MIchael,"I loved this gamre in Beta and was very excited for it. I dont think its a bad game at all and if anyone wants to try it please do but I personally, was left disapointed by it."
76561198032794875,Not Recommended,211820,29835037,Posted: 10 February,all,Draco1122,"I honestly the game had it since early access in beginning. I have waited to write my review until they had time to release and fix bugs.  So here we go.The game lacks the free to explore element in beginnning as you are tied to the quest. Luckly they make a mod to fix that.Alot of things can be fixed with a mod so that is a plus.To be honest, After the years it took to release the content and polish is not their. I believe they moved alot resouces from this game to make others. They add big updates but devlopment was slow and in the end still has bugs.Bugs Being LAGGGGGGGGGGG my friend, niece, and me all experience unexplained game lag. Which is odd since I never did in early access just after release. Second, randomly steam or starbound not sure. Just stopped loading mods for my niece. I am have try everything from uninstalling game and redownloading and it will not load steam workshop content.Overall, they have had time to fix this and work out these bug but, Honestly they just dont care about starbound anymore.  How, I know this because reports go unanswered in forums and alot of websites by crucklefish are out of date and not really maintenenced. However, if they fix issues I would gladly change my review."
,Recommended,211820,29203462,Posted: 12 January,all,데워 스,"Starbound is a game which takes the 2D sanbox genre and puts it in space. While a simple concept, it works and the game is very enjoyable. A heavy focus of this game is on mining and like most other game within the genre, you will be doing a lot of it if you want to progress. The mining is done mostly with the Matter Manipulator, althought there are alternatives. The mining isn't too monotonous and the underground mini-biomes give you a sense of exploration and discovery. That is until you've seen everything. The unfortunate part about this game is that once you've seen one desert planet, you've seen them all. Once you've seen a certain mini biome, you've seen every other of that same mini biome. The only reason I kept exploring and searching was so that I could find certain structures for building. Speaking of which, the building in this game is fun and the amount of blocks and furniture at your disposal allows for the creation of many different types of buildings and settings. Another aspect of building that works well are colonies. Colonies can be created by placing housing permits inside of buildings. These will attract unique tenants based on the type of furniture used in the home. This allows for players to create thriving towns and cities and liven up their builds. This is something starbound does much better than Terraria, as that only has a select few tenants. Another thing that's (as far as I know) unique to Starbound, is its story. Unlike most other games, Starbound has a story which you can choose to ignore or follow exclusively. While the plot isn't the greatest, it certainly isn't bad and provides something for players who want to know about the universe of Starbound. Lastly, combat. The combat in Starbound is unique, and works intuitively. The combination of 1-handed and 2-handed weapons and secondary abilities allows for different combat strategies.TL;DR, Starbound is an enjoyable game and is certainly worth the price for anyone who is a fan of the 2D sandbox genre."
,Not Recommended,211820,29812813,Posted: 9 February,all,tv,"Boring. Was pretty good during the Koala beta builds, now it's just boring and repetitive."
,Recommended,211820,9027453,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dio Brando,One of the things i love about this game is that it was made for modding. That pretty cool.
,Not Recommended,211820,24625470,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Vynaroth,Currently will not open $15 bucks for a fish to laugh at me and crash
76561198036055967,Not Recommended,211820,24569176,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,STOP HAVING FUN,"Stopped playing the early access after there were no updates for ages, now that it's released it's odd to see that the finished product has lost many features in favour of a bland story and strangley linear gameplay for a sandbox game.The game looks and sounds nice, but it gets tedious fast, also it seems to have some issues with FPS drops as enemies end up jumping around the screen at times which makes combat frustrating.  Being forced to particapate in the ""story"" as well as the scanning random items to progress mechanic suck any enjoyment out of it for me.It could be fun with friends, but anything is fun with friends."
,Not Recommended,211820,24578205,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,el_coono,"ConsAfter 1.0 release game freezes and crashes again and again. (Core i5, maybe i'm the only one, who experienced it)Lags a lot. A LOT. I fight like a blind, ha-ha.Very weak story line.Boring gameplay.Where are promised starship battles?ProsSoundtrak is still perfect.A bit of THAT atmosphere in a very begining of a game.Lots of materials and weapons despite it all work in same boring way.Flag fragment's cape. So drammatic. :)As one of early players I will tell it isn't worth it at all to wait for years for such a boring game. Really. I catch myself playing with face like I am at non interesting monotonous work. At least they could hire a professional writer so he'll save such a promissing project."
,Not Recommended,211820,24585650,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[SCOOBS],"Honestly couldn't bring myself to play this more than twice. I never played the beta so I can't compare it to the 1.0 release like many other reviewers, but as a player who decided to try it out after the new release I have to say it gets stale quickly. No challenge whatsoever in this game, and not much content to keep players interested. However, with mods like Frackin Universe (basically a mod that adds the extra content that should've been in the game already) it makes the game more playable. Still can't reccomend it while it costs money ..."
,Not Recommended,211820,24682672,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Wildcard777,"I can't recommend this game.There's a ton of pros and very few cons but unfortunately the cons outweigh the score.Pro:- Polished and optimized. I can launch the game and hop into my save file seemlessly.- Multiplayer is also very fluid and extremely easy to connect to others.- Expanding your ship, decorating, and farming within are all very satisfying.- Can even build a settlement on some planet and add a teleporter of your own inside.- Upgrading workstations to craft better armor was also heavily addicting.Neutral:- The Campaign. I'm split on this. While the challenges leading to boss fights are very fun, the work leading up to it is super boring.  You're required to find particular civilizations and scan any green object you can find to fill a progress bar. It's super frustrating to find a scanable location and it not have enough spots to scan so you have to find another planet with the same habitat.Cons:- Your techs (skills): Throughout the game you will find Tech Cards and once you have a tech slot unlocked it will only cost 8 Tech Cards to change that tech skill to one of 3 other skills on that list. Once you have the skills you like theres no reason to keep collecting those other than to sell.- The Campaign length is super short.There's only 5 civilizations to get their artifact for, the 6th is just given to you.You can do that in a day or 2 max.- End Game / Replay Value: There is very little. Once you beat the campaign there is very little reason to keep playing. Also as far as replay...I don't know if this is intended or not but as long as you have a character file with a certain progress saved then when you make a new character the hub world will be just as you left it.- Prior to the games release I last played this in Dec 2013. I feel the game had way more to do at the time and more reason to explore and progress. Sure there was no campaign then, but it seemed like there were much higher teirs of  galaxies to make it to.The current build there are only 5 types of galaxies, but once you reach the 4th it is super easy to craft what is needed for the 5th that it just feels unbalanced. Also the only reason to get to the last tier is for the final ore 'solarium' which I found all I needed off 1 planet.Useless Features:- So with the Manipulator Modual (your mining and block placing tool) you can unlock the ability to Paint and Wire.- You will never have to use these in the game and are purely for end game (since thats about when you unlock the Wiring Station anyways).- Wiring is a very intricate feature that I feel should of just been left as a dev tool and not in game.- I never bothered to use the Paint mode but I figure you can probably paint your ship with it. If so then that's cool, I guess.Minor Complaints:- When you recruit crew members, the first guy I got was a tailor. It was cool at first because he will make whatever I was currently wearing as my crews uniform, but EVERYTIME I go back to my ship he will follow me non-stop. If you talk to him then the only option is to change the uniforms or not. At least with other crewmates you can tell them to stop following you.- On the same topic, I played as a Novakid and upgrading your ship just makes it longer (mainly), and when I had a crew of 8 it was very crowded since most of the guys would huddle around the teleporter. It's easy to mistakingly talk to someone on the ship and they will immediately follow you even down to a planet just to go back up and tell them to stay put.TL:DR Nope."
,Not Recommended,211820,24585796,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Leppie_Leprechaun[US],while it has more content than terria i still dont even want to get past the beginning because i die every time i want to mine. stop making the gaps below so deep. lame and terria is better
,Recommended,211820,10667279,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,♥ JustMoe ♥,You should try out this game!
76561198263037070,Recommended,211820,34241089,Posted: 14 August,all,SirTacoMaster,No mans sky but 2D and good not worth 15$ in my opinion thou. Other then that it's a great game with lot's of adventure.
,Recommended,211820,9760105,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,kill me,"This game it good. You like good games, don't you? Get this game now."
,Recommended,211820,25036204,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,EricD112,Great game. I've played it a lot before 1.0 and now it's even more fun.
76561198036690994,Not Recommended,211820,25104425,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Astroxy,"i loved playing this game but there is a serious lack of things to do. if you are a type of player that want to do somewhat interesting missions, this is not the game for you. i only recomm this game if you like minecraft or a terraria. you mine, you build, and nothing else. i love that stuff, but if you dont, then dont play this. the music is amazing. the monsters are somewhat cool, more interesting knowing some are completely random. the weapons diverisity isnt vast. crafting and building is simple, which is a great thing. the game overall is really easy difficulty wise, even on the hardest option. if you love to build in games like terraria, this is prob a great game for you. the only bad thing about building is you have to literally steal everything if you want to get different building stuff. and the game makes you feel bad for stealing bc all the npcs ask you why you are stealing and eventually attack you. the story missions are boring. you go around clicking on stuff until a meter is full, then thats it. i wish there were more stuff to do in the game. there are cool things to find in different worlds, but it become repetitive really quick. once you get to a point in the game where you have the equipment to go to every planet, it gets boring. there is nothing else to really play for. in the beginning, you only have a certain amt of planets to go to and really want to go to different kinds that would otherwise immediately kill you. those planets arent that special or different from the starting one other than the threats. i had fun for 90% of the time playing this game, thw 10% is the last hours trying to find stuff to do. i recomm this game if you buy it for $10 or less"
76561198058177718,Recommended,211820,25638965,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,mdrlol,"I may have not played a significant amount of hours of the game yet. However, I’m recommending the game for one simple reason. Before this game I never liked, or I even hated sandbox pixelated games. Starbound has something different. For the few first 10 hours I didn’t get bored a single minute. Challenge is there, plot is there, mystery is there, upgrading is there, building is there, variety of weapons is there.Fun and challenging. For me. Absolutely unique."
,Recommended,211820,33479064,Posted: 12 July,all,Joe Of Arc,"Starbound basicly terraria in space. Well space whats there? Void? Darkness? No theres tons i mean faking tons of planets in starbound teeming with special structures,maybe a colony where you get quests, or a search for a certain weapon? The main missions arent the only things. Dude go fuel up and explore the galaxy"
76561198027044586,Not Recommended,211820,24601839,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,MEGAMAN の XANAX,Game bugged out and lost Outpost warp as well as bookmarks. Tried admin commands which only made things worse and was unable to spawn back to my ship. 12 Hours of gameplay lost. Very disappointed with the finished product.
,Recommended,211820,26293166,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Daddy Sauce,"Well i will say this game is quite fun but very confusing for begginers to 2D sandbox games.Starbound is very sci-fi and addictive game it starts where you pick a race of your choice and work towards a campaign goal to destroy a galactic planet monster that destroys worlds.The game is very time consuming,resources and materials are scattered in different planets and systems and are accesable through upgrades from missions or crafting but some of these are a pain to get because some planets might be to hostile for you even though you might have good weapons and tools.Weapons and armor is craftable but the best weapons are found in chest but to find 1 specific item can take an extreme amount of time such as legendary weapons or pet collars.My favourite part of this game are the ships,there is different ships for each race suiting your every need in customization e.g Captain quarters,kitchens.barracks a torture dungeon..yes its possible, but all ships require you to finish lots of the main missions to get it to upgrade and expand the first one has a easy way out but the rest will take time and many many pixels.If your lazy like me for good weapons i recommend going to the workshops and install a few mods to add some guns or swords to help your beggining.Most addicitive part of the game is collecting figurines,there is a figurine for each alien or creature in the game but they are a 1/1000 chance of getting it through killing them but simple farms and a ipad you can afk those figurines in no time.All in all this is a pretty good game if you like exploring the universe and see a banana rang hit a alien then get it really recommend this game if you like sandbox's with this style"
,Not Recommended,211820,22879342,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,daisy chain,"A mile wide, an inch deep (if that). I'm stunned that so little meaningful content has been added in the year or so it's been since I last took a proper look into Starbound, and somehow they've actually managed to gobackwards.Stay away - it's not much like Terraria beyond the aesthetics. Limited replay value."
76561198141274612,Not Recommended,211820,24873449,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Sovereign,11 Crew members have duplicated 5 times eachlost 10% sword drop just from moving things in my inventorydoesn't launch with steam therefore- cannot play with friends- no achievements- hours don't countman i've played dark souls but at least it doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me as hard as this game does
76561197966499167,Not Recommended,211820,25286129,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Frykin,"There is so much missing from this game that its just a bland experiance. The story mission is just the same 5 missions repeated. All the Boss fight seem to be missiong apart from the Flying saucer penguin. when I bought this when it first came to early access it had 10 bosses you could fight but they're not in the game. I guess if your in to building a town / village then this might be a good Sims game but it just feels bare bones to what was suppsed to be in the game. And theres no real point in to side missions as they all gave the same rewards, nothing of interest ever gets given as a reward.I got to the end and just thought where are all the boss fights, where are the vechicals, wheres all the weapons and crazy gadgets. I think Terraria is just a far better game than this."
,Recommended,211820,8734234,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Shogun,"My Review.Rating: A+What this game makes me think of: FTL + Terraria + Minecraft + (Somewhat) Rimworld- I recommend this game for anyone that has a creative mind and loves/misses good 2d games.- Open World (So many planets to explore!)- Random Encounters are awesome ++- If your not a fan of the pickaxe (Sorta Spolier!) later on ingame you can craft a mining drill to change it up a bit ++- Co-op +++++++++++++++++++++- Learning the controls is easy- Quest is kinda to short.(But thats because its only in beta.= Lastly, for a game that isn't even ready yet, this game was for sure worth the price at full.- BUY IT!"
,Recommended,211820,21604414,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Samishiisung,Ster-bound.
76561198034312260,Not Recommended,211820,17110037,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Vorox,"Unfinished, boring. It will never get finished. It's been out for over 2 years and promised features haven't been implemented and never will. A waste of money and a scam."
,Not Recommended,211820,13375561,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Verilos,"I played starbound about a year ago and was not impressed with the lack of content. I gave it another shot after its 'release' and am still not impressed. The movement mechanics, especially jumping is hard to get used to and not easy to control. The item hotbar and inventory system is also very complicated and hard to navigate. The default hotkeys are also poorly chosen. It still feels unfinished."
,Not Recommended,211820,13382132,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Dexaldem,"Why Early Access?“We were at a point in Starbound's development where it was already pretty fun, so we decided to release the game in beta through early access to ensure the community has a chance to help us shape the game.”Do not believe this. It is a lie. You do NOT have any say in the game's development. To Chucklefish, you are just material. Don't even DREAM, THINK, or CONSIDER the idea of buying this disfigured mess of a game. The developers are bad, this game has been in early acess for a year now, and the chances of it getting any actual love slowly come down to minisculeNow, a short history lesson on Starbound. Its lead developer, Tiy, happened to originally be from the Terraria team. I don't know what encouraged him to leave and make Starbound, but at first, it looked pretty awesome. I REALLY want to love this game, I really do, but Chucklefish doesn't want your love; they want your money.In any case, Tiy aimed to make Starbound the spiritual successor to Terraria. But like most first-game companies, this one isn't turning out so well, not because the game doesn't have the funds, but because the developers don't have the professionalism to do it. I remember the day when being a video game designer WAS a professional job.Secondly, the Stable and Unstable branches have not received any updates, and the ""Nightly Branches"" Are nothing more than place holders and the right to have an excuse to say, ""We're still workin' on it!""The truth behind this, is that Chucklefish has taken over 20 million dollars in combined funds from players on BOTH steam and their website, and ran, choosing to work on other projects with money that was given to them SPECIFICALLY for Starbound. They have nine projects, and are no longer even an INDIE Developer. They have started publishing games, And i'm convinced they might be the next Nexon North America/Europe or Perfect World Entertainment (No offense directed toward you bros and broccolis in Nexon Korea and Perfect Online).After Rho and Bartwe, two of Chucklefish's key figureheads for the game left, things stopped making progress. Not that they weren't ALREADY being slow, but having failed to deliver their game on a multitude of releases, beta releases and even an ALPHA release, resorting to said names in that order, have failed up until December of 2013. And yeah. the game's not even a beta. it's an ALPHA. I'm a bit shocked myself.They've also done bait-and-switch tactics several times, the most uncalled for of them all being that they used to offer refunds if you didn't like the game free of charge. Now they won't, no matter how much you ask.Also, they've had to move to the UK just to AVOID AMERICA'S FEDERAL LAW. That's right. They didn't move to localize everyone. The moved to dodge a federal offense. People were already complaining about them and their game, and when they stopped offering refunds, Tiy decided to pull out to somehwere he would get a higher ground. This man is unscupulous, and he has crossed the line. Literally.LASTLY, and the BIGGEST issue here, is not the game, but the company's ethics in videogame development. This is what I was talking about in my opening statement. Any and ALL crticism, no matter HOW well-worded or politely typed out, is brushed under the rug, slapped in the face, or shivved right in the flatulence as trolling or flaming.Chucklefish has repeatedly attacked their fanbase. Antyone who originally funded this game has likely left, and the only remainders of the community are hostile overly attached fans, who will do anything to make Chucklefish happy. INCLUDING not giving them input on a game that is supposed to please their intended audience (Which i doubt there is even an audience this is intended for at this point). This has actually escalated into a censorship campaign on their website, with a level of such that is the highest i have EVER seen. They'll stomp out ANYONE who has an opinion different from their own.They've even gone into banning sprees, driving all of their long-time backers out of the game, Seatiki, Omni and some other ""Moderator"" in particular having their way with those voicing an opinion like their own sister. and THIS leads into the HORRENDOUS level of community management that Mollgos (The team's community manager) handles with...well, nearly no noticable experience at all. :|-It seems when someone voices out against how they think and do things, a moderator is almost ALWAYS the first to respond, and most typically with an instantaneous ban, hence the banning sprees. So as i have mentioned, horrendous community management. These goofs could REALLY learn a lesson or two from Digital Extremes.Now, ONTO the game itself, anything I'd have to say is pretty much covered in every other review. It's repetitive, a grindfest worse than Destiny, which is quite shocking, most worlds appear pretty similar, and there's a lacking in content. Still, it's least not up for $60 like Bungie pullled with Destiny. However, both games suffer from the same issue: Lack of content. Frankly the biggest update they had before the Nightly  Branch, was that they had a puppy in their office. Doubtful the poor pooch is still in there. That company doesn't seem up to the task of taking care of what they have...Now, i've already read the recent news onplaystarbound.comabout the update coming out. However, my concern for this is that mods working for Enraged Koala, won't work in Rampaging Koala, because Chucklefish broke the mod system and laughed at the people who figured it out. From what i'm seeing, Chucklefish IS delivering on SOME of their promises, however i'm also seeing stolen content from mods they did not get the permission to use from the users who made those said mods. They already had permission for the Novakids mod. However, the rest? None. No questions asked, no permission given, nothing. Rather than putting in the effort to make the game good, they're taking from other peoples' mods and making the game that way. There is NOTHING I hate more than intellectual thieves, and it is where Chucklefish has crossed the linem Twuice at this point counting my mention of Tiy's horrible management earlier.If you want some more light on Chucklefish's activities with their community, check out BaptizedInFire's review. He has evidence to support what he has said to go along with it.As for me? I'm through with this game. It is an insult to the videogame industry, and scum like this company are the reason Early Access has become a plague. Early Access isn't a f**king CRUTCH. It's a Gods damned EARLY ACCESS. Like what goes on for Bungie's Halo Betas. They're supposed to be a TASTE of what the game will be. Not fund its freaking production.Oh, one little detail. all of you Fanboys who intend to downvote this? Just going to let you all know. YOU ARE MY B*TCH! For downvoting like one without giving any remote explaination that makes logical sense or even regurtitates ""points"" made that aren't even valid. So again, Downvoting fanboys, YOU ARE MY B*TCH!"
76561198123367930,Not Recommended,211820,24785964,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ThatOneMimiga,get boring fast
76561198129580519,Recommended,211820,31101106,Posted: 12 April,all,Jamilade,"Starbound is, above all else, a relaxing game. They way you're supposed to play it is with your own music playing in the background, and maybe a beverage or some cheesecake sitting within arms reach.First of all, the gameplay is really quite great. It doesn't take any amount of skill to be successful in this game, you just need knowledge of how the games works, and what you need to do. You'll probably find yourself entertained by the many unique, gimmicky weapons in the game, and the great looking environments. Planets are fairly unique, and as someone who has sunk 200 hours into the game, I keep finding planets that look different enough from the last to satisfy me. Your creational options are vast, with lots of building options, and places to build. It's a space game, so expect a lot of funky looking monsters, wierd items, sci-fi stuff, etc.Story wise, it sucks. This game has a useless story, it complements the game the way a sore throat complements a headcold. Characters are bland, the narative uses the tried, tested, and awful chosen one thing, and the quests you have to do in between each boss get really annoying. But that doesn't matter because...MODS! THIS GAME HAS MODS! LOT'S OF EM'! MOD'S THE SIZE OF YOUR FAT GRANDMOTHER, MODS THE SIZE OF YOUR TINY, WRINKED *****, IT DOESN'T MATTER BECAUSE THIS GAME HAS MODS! WOW WHAT A STEAL!Really though, mods are like a friendly limpit for games. They kinda latch on, and make the game bigger. And in Starbound, modding has taken off a lot. For example, if you want to hand build your ship block by block, there are mods for that. If you want to play Roundabout on an ingame instrument, there are mods for that too. My advice to you would be to play the game till you get bored without mods, then install a mod called ""Frackin' Universe"", then play through it again while realizing that you should have played the game like this in the first place.I can't recommend this to anyone who won't add mods to their game. I can recommend it to anyone that will. Don't expect a fast paced, difficult experience that Terraria may provide for newcomers. Expect a game that will slo-I'm tired and I've been writing this review for at least 20 minutes now. Can't be bothered to finish it. Have an awful day."
,Recommended,211820,7955890,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ÜberKiller,"This game is very reminiscent of games like Terraria and Minecraft, but thrown into a blender and pieced together correctly. There actually seems to be quite a bit of realism for a game involving cubes in a sandbox world. The races were a nice, simple addition and make gameplay more fit for those who enjoy completing specific tasks at a faster pace. The worlds are random which is very nice since we can't always have the same experience. And exploring is pretty much genuinely exploring the world and it does indeed loop around the whole world.The combat system was a little hard to get used to, as was the duel-wielding system, but I have gotten used to it and it can make tasks much easier.The soundtrack is simply perfect. It really feels like you are exploring this unknown world you have been sent to, and it seems like you have a destiny to get your fuel and find if more like you exist. This really drives it home for me on this game.Overall, I highly recommend this game. It doesn't get very boring to play after a while and is best done alone for the full experience."
,Recommended,211820,9092407,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Don,Such StarVery Spacewow
,Recommended,211820,32153517,Posted: 3 June,all,Alpha,"Again, how to waste hours of your life. Play this... orTerrariaThe story is....ITS♥♥♥♥♥♥IM SORRYits a 'meh' mixbag...The Boss aren't as interesting as terraria bosses, but that doesen't mean its ez mode, still bit challengingplsaddmorebossJumping through planets to planets, kill innocent pests, (not) building a small hut, kill some enemies, more(boring)side quests, hire crew member.if you lazy AF. Go use admin power. And you still get achv (should have disable it but watever)It's a okay game. Give it a try....waste your time on this"
,Recommended,211820,8006050,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,b o i,It's orate
,Recommended,211820,30679866,Posted: 22 March,all,Kiwi,"I love this game so much, the graphics are beutiful, the soundtrack is gorgeous. The gameplay is so engaging because there's so much you can do, be it having a dance party with all of your friends on a tier eight ship fitted with huge lights and a dance floor, or you explore the depths of an ocean planet to find what remains of an ancient civilization. Overall, this is one of-if not THE- best games I have ever played. If you have fifteen bucks, BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,211820,7937138,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"This game is pretty amazing. Very challenging and extremely well designed. It's very similar to Terraria, but has survival gameplay mechanics , endless worlds via travelling on a spaceship, some nicer gfx effects with light and fluids, a different style of pixel art plus lots more.Also the music track for the game is really good, and currently the game is a steal at 11.99 , much much better than a lot of cash-in AA+ games that come out for 30-40.The only downside is that yes it's still in development, so you will get character wipes, and encounter bugs, but I think ultimately the game is going to be worth it in the long run, so might as well purchase it now."
,Recommended,211820,9390733,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,ᛟ L.A.H. ᛟ,"Although I have a mere 4-5 hours in game, I can already say this game is one which you should not miss. I will now list some aspects of the game that I think is worth mention and is unique/positive.Character Creation: Once you start a game, you are able to create your own little character, and it is a very simple and fun process. You are able to name your person what ever you wish, make him whatever race (theres 6) that you want him/her to be, chose his gender and, if your a fashionista, change their outfits to little silly looking costumes and random colors.Graphics: Although graphics are mostly irrelvant in this type of game, and are uneeded, I would actually like to say that Starbounds graphics are not bad at all and are much more refined and beautiful than the average ""block"" game.Gameplay: The game itself feautures inuative crafting, simple combat, and a very interesting system of temprature in which you must keep warm (depending if you're on an ice planet) or keep cold ( if you're on a deset planet). This system keeps up with the general level of difficulty in game, which helps make the game an intresting challenge. You can mine, explore, build, whatever you want. You can even mine the blocks in the backround of your character. The game is a 2d side scroller. You can even play music on a guitar!:)And, my favorite partExploration: The scale of exploration in this game suprises and amazes me. It is, in my own experience, the largest open world exploration game of this type. With some fuel found on planets and trading, you can easily traverse the thousands of differnt solar systems and galaxies.Level Desgin: The desgin of the planets are all mostly unique, elegant, and beautiful. They very with each planet. I may also add that the game is very colorful.Now that I have gotten the postive aspects of the game, I would like to freely discuss some things that need improvement.One of the main reasons of concern for this game is the multiplayer, which is what it is supposed to mainly revolve around. The servers in this game are the most unstable I have yet to see, and although I'm aware this is still beta(or alpha, whatever), the developers need to fix this problem. The servers crash every 2 or so hours and it is very frusturating. Another thing is the absence of a personal map so you can see your immediate area and your friends locations. The lack of this map can make it a bit of a nussiance to locate your friends and locations, which another thing that I would like to see is the ability to mark specfic waypoints on planets. Another thing is the odd way of creating ""posses"" or ""gangs"", which would be a lot better if there were offical factions (Like the ""Federation"" or the "" Something Something Empire"") that you can join, fight massive battles for, and share a large base with other faction memebers.All in all, I think that the positives out way the negatives greatly. I reccomend this game to everyone who wants some fun.I hope this was of use and please give your opinion about this review. Thank you, and have a good day:)"
,Recommended,211820,9747918,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,°□°,This is a very nice game! One thing i think you should add when the game is out of beta is to have the Steam Workshop in.
,Recommended,211820,9907597,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Ginyu Suzumiya,I can run around on the moon in my underwear.11/10
76561198032781693,Not Recommended,211820,24537733,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Da Spliff,"this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing!but after the 1.0 update, most people can't even launch the game.it's been almost a week and the team has done nothing about other than posting a fix that doesn't work.get it togethcer chucklefish!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24647085,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,apple,"Alright, to start off the review, there will be spoilers, my own opinions, and all that jazz. Another sidenote, I didn't actually beat the game, but my friend told me the ending and what you get and I've played enough to give this a solid review.First things first, the gameplay.While it did take things from other games that I liked, a lot for me stemming from Terraria, it still felt like a pretty original experience. The space element I really liked, uh, I liked the fact that you didn't have to have different tools to break blocks and other enviromental items. I mean, that's about it for the positive stuff, just because this game was so lack-luster. Seriously, if I were to make a game where the beta had so much great features then remove most of what the fun was, I would really contemplate my life and why I would even do that. There were mechs, specie weapons, real combat, and even more that they removed for no reason at all. That's probably what threw me off the most about this game, the lack of content. Other stuff about the gameplay is even if you choose Survival, it's still pretty hard, actually, not hard, straight up annoying. You would have to cook items and eat them in order to live, which for me, is pretty ridiculous, since you would probably have to worry about that more than anything else, you would drop your items that may have taken a very long and tedious time to even recieve, and on top of all of it, on top of all the stuff I already ranted about, the mode itself didn't do anything to the game really, but to me emotionally. I swear, I have never been more anxious to grab my 800 copper and silver that took literal hours to get, and in the end, wouldn't even get them because I would KEEP DYING.Next up, story.It sucked. Period. I saw this in one review, but I might as well repeat it. All you do is talk to an old woman, go to a bunch of planets, where you have to waste resources to get to, suffer dying, dying, and more dying, until you find a village, in which you scan stupid posters and furniture, go back to the woman, do some cooky dungeon then beat either a really easy boss or a really hard boss, and in turn, do the same thing like 6 more times. Seriously, and in the end, you get 25,000 pixels, which I will say is the only good thing, some upgrade modules and manipulator modules, which I might add, won't do anything, and a Thank-You Card. A Thank-You Card. No legendary weapon that destroys planets, no clothing or ship additive that makes the game more fun, a flipping Thank-You Card. How lousey is that, to finish a, might I mind you, A SANDBOX GAME, AND NOT GET ANYTHING TO ENHANCE THE EXPERIENCE. Overall, it sucked.Finally, everything else.Since I've already expressed how I felt, it also sucked too. Weapons, don't really enhance anything, since there's a very small select few that are actually good, clothing and armor, which again, do nothing to benefit, and your crew mates and companions don't really even help that much. Seriously, it was really useless in the end.Final Review: 3.5/10But you said everything sucked, why are you giving it this and not a -69 out of 10? Welp, mainly because playing with my friends kinda helped. They really made the game fun by supporting me with quests, giving me stuff that I would essentially beg for, and just being good overall. If you don't have friends to play this with, don't get it at all, but if you do, still don't get it Terraria is way better."
76561198059809933,Recommended,211820,9756161,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Papa Bless,i like dis vidya game it has stuff and stuff makes vodya gooms good the end.
,Recommended,211820,7992787,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mayor of Kenya,"Ok, so with a little over 10 hours of game play I thought I'll give this game a review. Please take this review from a person that has no prior experience with Terraria or any other sandbox adventure game. I come from a long history of first person shooters and got this game just to try something different. And boy am I glad I did! I really liked the game right from the start. But it was not until a few hours of game play, that I fell in love with this game. This game is incredibly well made and the amount of content that it currently has is just out of proportion. From a price stand point, you really get your money's worth and much much more. The music is so beautiful and unbelievably relaxing that I keep finding myself falling asleep when I play the game. Not because is boring, is just because I am able to relax to the point where my body just wants to give in. I highly recommend the Starbound soundtrack as well. It has 60 songs!It is important to note that Starbound is a gem still in the making. However, the amount of content currently in game is well over what many other early access games out there have to offer. You can literally dig yourself into great discoveries. You can build, you can farm, you can craft, you can hunt, you can literally do anything you want. Don't really like the planet you are in? No problem! In Starbound you can collect fuel for your mighty spaceship, fire up the engines and just head to the next moon or planet available. The game mechanics are great, the graphics are stunning, and there is a interesting storyline to follow.I value games for what they have to offer, but I value them even more for the amount of hours I can get out of them. If you go out and pay over $20 to watch a movie for 2-3 hours of entertainment, then 14.99 doesn't seem so bad considering the well over 100 hours you can easily get from this early accesses game. That's what I call valuable entertainment.In conclusion, if you are looking for something different like me and you want to make sure that you get your money's worth, get this game! See you in the Starbound Universe ;)"
,Recommended,211820,8607399,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BelleEvE,good game
,Recommended,211820,9493769,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,K L a t t o,"Definitely one of my favourite games right now.It features a slice-of-life style gameplay, as I can simply build my dream home and grow crops.But also features the fantasy and sci-fi genres in both combat and exploration.In my eyes its got everything I want and need."
,Recommended,211820,8000607,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ìŖ˚|๖ۣۜDestructo,Insanely fun.Cool physics.As good as or better than terraria.Way better than Minecraft.Fighting NPCs can be very scary.Cool new temperature mechanic and hunger mechanic.Lots of exploring.Great GameplayEvery major patch deletes your saves so as long as you dont get too attached to one character (its hard).Thats pretty much the only downside that i've seen so far (but thats because its in beta).Well worth $15.
76561198047726145,Recommended,211820,24744320,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Zar ryc,It's very good. Too bad I got my fill with it in the pre-release version. Now it has an actual story and is a lot more polished overall. People who say that the last years of development were wasted are simply wrong.
,Recommended,211820,19071606,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Passel,"Mostly everyone compares this game to Terraria, I'd say this is Terraria revamped or something.Theres more stuff to this game than Terraria but Terraria has some stuff i enjoyed that this game doesn't.For example blood moon and the goblin invasion are one of those things but in Starbound you arn't stuck on one generated area. I recommand this game to people that enjoyed Terraria."
76561197980238865,Not Recommended,211820,12394629,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Blarghalt,Abandoned.
,Not Recommended,211820,12445266,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,ARGON,I bought this game about a year and a half ago and had lot's of fun with it. so i decided i would play it again but instead of the main screen i got the chuckle fish screen and then this:Fatal Exception caught: (starException) An error occured during loading: (MapException) Key 'metaBoundBox' not found in map::Get()I have tried seeing if i had any mods but i can't because the only folders are:_CommonRedistassestsgiraffe_storagekoala_storagelinux34linux64osxtiledwin32win64please help me and if not I want a refund
76561198043375895,Recommended,211820,10169478,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,SirCadmire,"I strongly recomend this game to anyone who likes Sandbox, Survival games, and especially to those who are fond of Minecraft and Terraria.  It has a wonderful survival aspect which falls in nicely with the fact you own a spaceship.  Incredibly fun to play and always fulfilling.  Players must realise however that it is an Early Access Game, that is still in BETA. This means that it is still in developement and there will be updates and deletions and changes. I realise that there are rumors that the game developement is ""dead"", however the developers have said they are still active on it.  As with any game, it will take time to get to its final completion.  So for all those who are judging this game on its developement, please just take a step back and judge it according to its content, not the update satus."
,Recommended,211820,34431080,Posted: 22 August,all,JOSEPHI KRAKOWSKI,"This game is one of the best space exploration game on the market, with procedurally generated planets, weapons and aliens."
,Recommended,211820,8668520,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Nek0e,"If you loved terraria, you will totaly love this game !http://YOUTUBE VIDEO REVIEWWhat's good:-Really fun with friends-Easy multiplayer setup- Diversity in each planet- GUNS !What's bad:-Frustrating bugs (People randomly attacking)- Can be repetitive once you know the gameBut if you're reading this and one of your friends has it, buy it already ! It's REALLY fun !"
76561198038968845,Not Recommended,211820,24830232,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,NicePotato,"Poor controls. The crafting is kind of pointless. Maybe after 5 hours the game gets better, but if the first 4 hours are terrible, I don't see a point in going on with this."
,Not Recommended,211820,29774295,Posted: 7 February,all,Oops!,"I'm going to keep this review brief.This game used to be amazing back in Angry Koala (Beta for you new kids)Now that the game is full released (AKA the campaign was added) this game went strange downhillIs the game currently fun? No, I dont think so. The game has a lot less freedom and the singleplayer seems completely guided.Was the game fun in the past? Absolutely."
,Recommended,211820,7978164,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,novocain,The best thing since sliced bread.Stop reading reviews and buy it already!
,Recommended,211820,20342044,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,OneShotSoarin,"I definitely recommend this game to those who enjoy a nice 50 hours or so of quests and grinding out better materials. With that in mind I will warn you that the game isn't very forthcoming with information and you may find yourself looking up where to find certain items or how to craft things. Once you get into it though it's very fun. I found that even with all the hate this game has from being in early access for the time it has been, it was still pretty fun time questing and exploring planets with friends. Yeah, the bosses are a bit lackluster and the crafting is a bit linear, but overall it was a nice time playing with what it has currently and will only add from here on out."
,Recommended,211820,20279499,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Althenias,"When this game first came out it felt like a hollow space terraria. They've done some incredible updates over the last few years that really sets it apart now. Introducing a multitude of weapons and weapons abilities, questing and colony creation, the new hover bike and boat, and a vast assortment of biomes, dungeons, and challenge maps definitely makes this a game worth playing especially with friends!"
,Recommended,211820,9257898,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Foxhound,Brilliant. If you like Terraria you will like this.
76561198060733488,Recommended,211820,25780893,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Ḱαlḯḟ,"Starbound - a game to explore, craft, build, quest, fight and survive-----------------------------------------------------------------------Hey guys,while i was reading trough the reviews of Starbound here in steam, i got shocked.Many players downvoted the game for reasons, i can't really understand.Some examples:""THE GAME IS BORING !??!11! I AM DYING ALL THE TIME""""the game doesn`t explain anything""""In Terraria you have better weapons, more bosses and generally i can fight more!!!""""The quests are boring, i am searching for an artifact, but cant find it""""Absolutely unbalanced and hard""""The game has no Steam-Cloud function"" -> Downvote after 2 hours play timeetc...At this point i got a bit angry about those reviews, while reading...The most people (hating the game) are obviously superficial and they didn't take enough time, to experience and enjoy the game fully, as well as to see it`s absolutely amazing potential..to make a long story short:Starbound is an indi-game focussing on exploration!!!! Take your time, don't rush the quests, design your planet and make it to your home! There are various possibilities to decorate and build things.The game is about learning to survive and make a comfortable life in an endless universe.Players, searching for action, combat, war / pvp / an absolute amazing Skyrim-like storyline are totally wrong here!Starbounds strengths are the open world - Robinson Crusoe - themed surviving, building, living, trading and exploring aspects.Friends of collecting stuff are here at the right place. You can tame animals, collect ancient fossiles, bugs etc...To sum up:i like this game alot, the possibilites are really amazing and the atmosphere with it's genious-soundtracks is overwhealming.For  a 15 $ - game it is totally worth to buy - but just for the right kind of players like me.The guys, immersing themselfes in another beautiful world.Cheers, and thanks a lot for reading :=)Kalif"
,Recommended,211820,25985029,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,43Dark_Nero,"[h]I am a beta player.[/h1]Since the laster few updates for starbound after launch, it seems like the game hasa bigger sense of adventure but without all the troubles of finding things now.Like the one sign mission beta... But, of course this game has now finally up to the end of the game.There is a lot of mods to choose from, from music to weapons and races even.The community has much potentional for this game, and hopefully chucklefish can support the modding community.I'd like to give this game a big 10/10 for everything it has."
76561198030560317,Recommended,211820,32410079,Posted: 14 June,all,Nagasadri,"Do you like survival games, but are sick of gathering materials for crafting by punching the same boring trees and mining the same boring cobblestone and doing little else as a generic nameless survivor ?Well, in this game once you create your own character out of the SEVEN PLAYABLE SPACE FARING SPECIES (which each have their own ship, racial armor, weapons, dialogs and cosmetic features you can chose from), you CAN (and will, because frankly you have better things to do than mining your brains out) progress through the game ONLY by exploring varied dungeons, labs, villages and stations, populated by (sometimes) friendly NPCs that will provide you with quests, trading opportunities and sometimes even ask to join your crew !Progression is also deeper than most games in its category as you will go through 8 TIERS of various armors and randomly generated ranged AND melee weaponry, with differents stats, looks, handling and effects.You found a sick armor with amazing stats, but it looks like a power-ranger armor and you're allergic to the color pink ?Fear not ! You can dye ANY piece of armor you find to suit your needs. Not enough customisation ?Why not put ANOTHER armor piece in the cosmetic slot and dye THAT one to achieve the look of your dreams ?You finally look fantastic, but your ship looks like a flying trash bin and is also the size of a trashbin ?Why not upgrade it into a mobile penthouse, deck it out in decoration and throw parties with your 12 crew members AND other players ?If you found musical instruments on your travels, you can even play music together from a tracklist expendable through the steam workshop !And when you've had enough fun playing around, save the galaxy from unspeakable tentacley evil in story missions concluded by bossfights which have no business being this good in a survival game !And once THAT's done...well.Why not do it all over again with a new character ?That sound stupid, you say ?Maybe...but that's how i netted my ridiculous playtime, and i still discover new things every playthrough."
76561198126300172,Not Recommended,211820,25258512,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Stay Awake Games,"This game has a lot of potential, but it still feels early access. The intro is so rushed it is a joke. The game hiccups a lot when mining and placing blocks. The hiccups during combat and near lava were particularly unforgiving."
76561198059364267,Not Recommended,211820,25236848,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,pathetic,"This game..... I so much would like to love this game. All of the elements of a good game are there, everything that should make this game great can be witnessed through the turgid veil of garbage that covers its surface.I bought this game YEARS ago, when your starting sword was overpowered and there were no quests of any kind. It was filled with bugs and horrendous performence issues, along with having nothing to do. These days, there are still bugs and horrendous performance issues. But at least there's something to do, right? Quests, bosses? Yeah. Sure, they're something you can do. None of it is fun, though. The bosses are all way too easy or damn impossible to fight thanks to the game needing to freeze every couple of second during a fight. And the quests? In my hours playing this game with this most recent update I have yet to find a single generated quest that was not some variation of; ""Get me X"" or ""Take me to Y"" or ""Kill Z"".One of the longest awaited features of Starbound was a story. A cohesive plot told beyond vague npc coversation bits, or overly-long and poorly written codex entries. A little while back, they finally added a main quest. Guess what? The story is boring. It's dull, and unoriginal. It's basically a compilation of all generic space-mythos. Giant ancient tentacle beast coming to destroy everything and all that.But, the story is forgivable. The quests, too, are forgiveable. At least they're trying to add content, right?While I can look past all that, one thing I can't look past is how god-awfully this game performs. Every time I play I discover a new bug. Huge chunks of the world go unloaded for extended periods of time, entities glitch back and forth so frequently that I was convinced it was a feature. During combat, when you're really trying to get in there and attack, the game will just spontaneously freeze. It's almost as though it's trying to calculate the damage values with a ♥♥♥♥ing abbacus.One of the main features of a Mineclone game is BUILDING and MINING. Building is unsatisfying, as it just doesn't mesh well with the exploration elements of the game. You make a huge, magnificent base on your first planet's surface, fill it with everything you could dream of, and revel in its beauty.... Then you realize you need more materials and have to leave. You never find the planet again. There's no point to build, as you're just going to leave it all behind anyway. The mining is one of the most frusterating parts of this game. Everything in this game leans towards the vertical over the horrizontal, in terms of how you traverse the world. Now, this wouldn't be a problem, if you took less fall damage. It's at this point that I must compare Star man's Sky- I mean Starbound, to Terraria, so, please forgive me for that. Terraria excells in the 2D Sandbox elements because of the inherent factors that compose its world generation. Caves are sparce, but grandious, always giving you just enough natural structure to not feel overwhelmed, but they still feel like your digging straight down had a point. Starbound, on the other hand, fills its subterranean layers with oversized caverns, fit only for you to die in. Cave systems are absolutely massive, and getting lost in them is far too easy. I couldn't really put into straight forward words what makes the caves so frusterating, so, allow me to use an analogy.Imagine you come to a crossroads. Two paths branch off on either side of you. Both paths offer something you want, but you can only choose one. Easy answer, I hear you saying, go down one, then return to the other. Yes, that is an option. The only problem is, once you get to the end of the road you've selected, you fall into a pit where the world has yet to load and die.Sorry for the poor analogy, but I couldn't be bothered to write any more hyperbole.""But, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, this game has SPACE."" I hear you shouting. Yes, I know, it has a massive universe to explore, with millions of different procedurally generated planets to interact with. Sound familiar? Like a certain flop of a game that has become a well-recognized meme? Well, much like said game, exploration in this game loses its luster fast, once you realize that all you'll find on the planets are an assortment of pre-made, unimpressive structures. Towns aren't fun to find, since there's no interaction with its denizens, apart from the 'randomly generated' quests they offer. (All of which are just fetch quests or kill that guy quests, might I add.) And random vendors are basically pointless since anything they could offer you can be found for free in the wilderness.I want to like this game. The music is fantastic, the lore of the universe is facinating to read about, and to be entirely honest the pixel art is rather appealing to look at.But, having bought this game about two years ago, and watching as the developers simply try to shovel more content into it, instead of fixing what they've already added, I simply cannot stand to recommend this game to anyone."
76561198036923751,Not Recommended,211820,24582879,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Mr Fahrenheit,"I did not keep this game, because whenever you crash and don't save, you lose your character. Permanently. You have to start all over again. Until this game adds an autosave feature after, say, completing a mission, I'm not returning to this. Otherwise, it's okay."
,Recommended,211820,24473362,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Anoose,Feels like a new game
76561198066962138,Not Recommended,211820,13750021,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Kane,"I have been here with Starbound, since the beginning.No.No I cannot recommend this game. Too much is wrong here dont waste your money time and most valuable of all, hope.I love the idea of the game. I love space sims. Love sci fi. Love open worlds. Exploration. Leveling up technology and tools.Starbound promised the universe and delivered a homeless rag-clothed beggar covered in lice and sores. What it delivered was broken, buggy, gameplay poor, and boring.Also the developers themselves have gone through several phases where they would ban people for bad reviews and negative comments, flame and attack people directly for negative reviews and comments, also attempt to prevent criticism and reviews being left here on steam (where steam controls the moderation in line with their policies) and instead move the player base to their own comment platform where they could control delete and ban comments and commenters to manipulate criticism.There are also some rumors they have been manipulating the steam reviews more recently with some form of payment for good reviews combined with some other form of manipulation such as wiping older reviews that are more likely to be negative. I cannot say this is definately true but have seen the reviews which were dominated 80 to 20 % negative to positive reviews suddenly switch sides until they are majority positive... without any increase in game quality or fuffilment of promises to warrant such a turn around.Terrible game. Terrible developer. Move on to the next broken indie promise."
,Recommended,211820,16517419,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Lumenarc,"This is a game that I've spent quite a bit of time on; it's a really fun game if you like 2D Platforming exploration sandboxes.The game is currently in early access, but the developers at Chucklefish are working on it daily and post updates almost every weekday on their website.When I make a character, I'm alwaysssss a Floran... a carnivorousssss ssssssentient plant. Sssssstab!All-in-all, I recommend this game."
76561198079409759,Recommended,211820,24810484,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,MegaLobsterFace,"You know what I just realized?After the tutorial segments, you never have to mine in this game.Once you're able to fly to whatever planet you can land on, you never have to set foot underground. You don't need to dig to get ore, you don't even need to craft that much to stay at the right level, you can get money by doing quests and buy all that.This is a game with a large, detailed system for mining, does it better than most games in this genre, and it's still totally optional. You can dedicate all of your time to building or exploring or doing quests. You don't have to mine a single iron once you leave Planet 1.That's the most refreshing thing in the world."
,Recommended,211820,9961971,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,KraZZeyZ,This game is better than Terraria! I Recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,24513294,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kimjungillex,"game wont even launch, even after doing what the sticky says, (just reinstall it? really thats all you can say for a game breaking bug?)"
76561198115226886,Recommended,211820,17705283,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Solgom,This game is a none ending game you will have alot of fun the combat is awesome i wish steam would add a workshop for it since its mods are awesome too buy the game and have fun
76561198030176685,Recommended,211820,8009947,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Kaustek,"Terraria on steroids.This game is the epitome of fun. The concept is great and fresh.You get to explore a plethora of different planets allowing for a different experience everytime you venture to the surface.Although it is in the Beta stages of completion, the minor glitches and periodic crashes do little to nil to ruin the game's experience. I had no remorse paying $15 for this product. The sheer joy of finding a village, looting it, then taking it back to my ship/house is an adventure in of itself. Throw in colorful climates, weather, a diverse selection of NPCs and mobs to kill make this game hard to top.Unsure of what this game can achieve, I look forward to investing weeks on end with this game.The bar has been set; the sky is the limit. Do not hesitate to try out this game. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,211820,8359057,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,nero,you can be a bird in this?!??!?? nuff said.....12/10
,Recommended,211820,7950825,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Martin,"Just 1,000,000 times better than Terraria and it's only in the most beginning stages of the beta! There's so much to do and so many good adventures to be had--especially with friends!if you think terraria is better than this game then give me your address and fight me at your house"
76561198057403890,Not Recommended,211820,24560243,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Chaos Jew,3 years of development and what we got was a game that was half baked
76561198125840403,Recommended,211820,24505820,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,PsychoRaptor,"So 1.0 came out a couple days ago and everyone's... COMPLAINING?! They just added like 5 new bosses. (Asra Nox, Kluex Avatar, Big ape, Bone dragon... and the Heart of the Ruin.) So yeah, lighten up guys. And then the FPS and steam launching stuff.""So i treid to luanch teh gaem btu it ddin''t work so i hda to luanch uot of staem. Tehn teh FPS was bad so i dno't plya anymoer. But tahts prbobably jsut my gmaing comptuer isnt' teh best...""I currently use a MacBook Air to launch the game. Not only that but it is about four years old and the 'R' key on the keyboard has fallen out (from playing too much starbound, I'll admit.), and you have no idea how hard it was to type this whenever i had to type an 'R'. Anyway, the FPS is amazing and I can launch from Steam fine.STOP COMPLAINING! GIVE CHUCKLEFISH SOME RESPECT! I MEAN COME ON, THEY'VE BEEN WORKING ON IT FOR YEARS!In all seriousness, when I saw the reviews for this game when 1.0 came out, I was appalled. I was expecting comments like, ""Great work guys! or, ""Amazing job!"" But when I looked at the comments I saw stuff like what I wrote above. Even if you have feedback, you could at least be polite. Something like, ""Nice job guys! I had a few problems with the FPS and Steam but I am getting through it.""No update will be perfect. Nice job Chucklefish."
,Recommended,211820,17743483,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TheGamingDragonWolf,the game is good and very detailed you can make your own colonies with as many people as you want as long as you have space the best thing is the quests and the epic boss battles with some of the cool and themed enemies (some are quite hard to kill) so overall its a good game and i recomend it to anyone who enjoys a good game
,Not Recommended,211820,12369117,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Sozzals,This would have been a cool game if they'd finished it.  But it's not.
,Recommended,211820,17765307,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Zingg,fun
,Not Recommended,211820,24555695,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Mobbstar,"It's a really good game, but awfully unstable. Expect crashes and loading issues, not to mention the occasional RAM spikes. Considering the full version launched, you'd really think sessions end with satisfaction and not the app closing for whatever reason, not rarely messing up player position or even losing savedata."
,Recommended,211820,24773998,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Dornan (Away),"This game is just plain perfect in almost every aspect:In atmosphere,in Soundtrack and most importantly on the freedom that you are given while playing it.Despise the fact that this game has been receiving multiple negative reviews recently,they are mostly outdated or has been made by someone who simply cannot understand how complicated it must be to update\fix\release content for such a game like this.In my honest opinion,this is without question a worth-buying game.EDIT:However tough,this game had much more content promised and stuff that seemed very interessting(like the USCM) but apparently that has been left behind by Chucklefish.. it sucks really.. but it is still a great game."
,Not Recommended,211820,26618422,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,✰ Bri ✰,"I wasn't to happy with this game.I got bored pretty quickly, and never really finished it.Tried going back to it every once in a while, but just didn't really stick.It's basically the space version of terraria."
76561198011453839,Not Recommended,211820,24565514,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,HwkAir,"Combat is fustrating at best. The controls in general feel ackward, would be much better if it supported controlers. I don't see what all the hype was about; maybe pick up on a steam sale so time down the road."
76561198102240932,Not Recommended,211820,32593589,Posted: 20 June,all,lil pimpin,"this is a very fun game but it is so poorly optimized. I have a very beefy computer and it sometimes only runs at about 40fps and i cannot do anything about it. I try to play this game with my friends but the say it is unplayable at around 8 fps, and also they cannot complete some missions becasue the lag is too much. these missons inlude all of the boss fights, the bounty hunter fights, and anything that includes an exsessive amount of fire. overall i give this game a (5 out of 10)."
,Recommended,211820,29111013,Posted: 8 January,all,Saikuron,Terraria with a space theme.But with AMAZING MUSIC.buy the game and the soundtrack. It will make it worth your while.
76561198052267907,Recommended,211820,24844406,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,viirinsoftworks,"I like Starbound. I also have Terraria, Junk Jack, and Planet Centauri.Starbound has capture pods, Planet Centauri has soulstones. Both have infinite pets (as long as you have storage).Starbound's pets weaken when caught and don't get stronger (yes stats relate to you but if it takes you six rocket launcher shots to take one down and you catch it, and it dies to a bird's beak with a single hit once tame, who cares?) Planet Centauri's pets delevel when caught but work themselves back up to where they were or higher, and the developer said something about them evolving but that mechanic isn't done yet.Starbound has lots of different biomes, some rather rare. Terraria has a rare biome itself at a certain point. Starbound lets you pull everything up piece by piece and build replications of biomes but it doesn't seem to affect spawn at all. Terraria lets you spread certain biome types naturally given certain circumstances.Where Starbound shines is its NPCs. Sure there's the colonization/recolonization and discovery of alien civilizations as storyline, but its the starship crew members you can recruit from almost any colony (without mods you can't recruit Shadows or Mycanoids, whatever they're really called). NPC abilities are nice and varied. Look at how many hours I've played. I haven't seen 2 NPCs that look exactly the same yet!I'd suggest 3 crew member jobs to recruit:Mechanic: Increase starship maximum fuel capacity. Very useful.Medic: Everyone on the ship has constant regen. This includes your active pet. In the field, they can give temporary regen if you're in combat and injured and they're close enough.Chemist: Floran chemists (not sure if other races give other bonuses yet) give Rage as a buff in battle (when they go into battle it buffs you too) which is a damage bonus that stacks with your other damage bonuses. On the ship, you have it constant. Teleporting to a planet lets you keep that bonus damage until it wears off."
,Not Recommended,211820,24552065,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,megablue,"Who doesn't like ""Scan the ♥♥♥♥ out of every objects simulator""? 11/10Sarcasm aside, i feel like the game was better back then, the far older versions that i played, before they even added the survival system into the game. I've stopped since then, returning on 1.0, played about 10 hours to find out that the game has a ton more contents, but drifted away from it's directions.What i liked- lot of contents, lot more contents compared to early version of the early access.What i doesn't like/hated- Scan objects, it is the biggest turn off for me, especially you're required to do it for many of it's core missions.- Hotbar is a mess, counter intuitive and unexplained.- Performance is extremely bad, even on my i7 machine with 24GB of RAM, and Fury X GPU, the game manage to run below 20fps most of the time even when standing still.- The UI is really bad, so unfriendly and messy.- The missions are so repetitive and without clear indications on how to finish them."
,Recommended,211820,25896905,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Noroh,No man's sky take notes.
,Recommended,211820,24474068,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Xeno,"A game where no race truly has as much impact as thepenguins.Now that's it's out of EA after a solid 5 years, definitely worth the money."
76561198031280196,Recommended,211820,25198356,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Azi ヽ(◉◡◔)ﾉ,space pew pew
76561198137661361,Recommended,211820,24835517,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,jman150000,Very fun game with a good sotryline and a lot of quests. There is a lo of things you can do in this game to spice things up when your bored.
,Recommended,211820,16020149,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,_KingKiwi_,"I found a world that was labeled alien and I thought to myself, ""Aren't all the planets I've been to so far alien? Well I guess this one is special...""Oh boy was I right about it being special.All the trees on the planet were made of eyeballs, so was the ground and it's creatures. I was shot at with a rainbow ray and found a Gorilla-Person Testing Facility.I decided it was up to me to save this planet from itself.I killed the Ape-men, the eyeball creatures, and deforested the planet.I built 784 toilets made of eyeballs and♥♥♥♥♥♥in every. single. one.I was done with this planet, and decided to continue my journey of the cosmos somewhere else.9/10"
76561198102728366,Not Recommended,211820,13236921,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Marco Dandolo,"I purchased Starbound back in December 2013, knowing it was Early-access and a so-called “beta“. However, looking at the product, the name “beta” does not fit its state. Even the head developer confirmed that this is only a tech-demo. I could live with that back then, because “thick and fast” updates were announced. In fact, there were several meaningful updates in December, but then only a few in January and February, and after some cosmetic patches in spring, stable or unstable patches weren’t released anymore. It’s 5th of December, one year and one day after the release of the pre-Alpha; Starbound had four updates in 2013, all of them between January and April.It’s kind of frustrating that even if you are aware of the fact that you are in a beta, this beta isn’t a beta at all. I’ve never seen a developer in the suggestion forum. The multiplayer-scene suffers under the bad performance of Starbound; servers with more than five players tend to be unplayable. The lack of updates destroyed MP and its community. Even some of the big modders - like the inventor of the beloved “Avali”-race mod - left because they were annoyed by CFs policy. There was also a time when only one thread existed for ALL bugs to report! I count this behavior as highly incompetent and unprofessional. Even an “indie” has to keep some quality standards.Now to the so called “Nightly Builds”. Don’t get brainwashed by the fan boys on the CF forums who claim that CF produces updates, saying “you only have to download the Nightlies”. Not only are the NBs broken (developer admitted that), they are mere developer builds to show the players at least that some kind of development is happening; the NBs were introduced because there were rumors that CF didn’t work on the game at all. Also, even if they have a support forum for it, they officially don’t want that bugs in the NBs get reported. To make the thing even more contradictory, those who claim that these NBs are a “beta” have never tested any beta at all; sometimes, you can’t even advance in the NBs without admin commands, and your saves/characters can be corrupted if you are unlucky.But even if you follow the NBs, you will see that they have cancelled or added features of the old stable, changing some aspects of the game in a different direction. That underlines the fact that the current “stable” isn’t a beta, because normally, a beta has most of its features integrated. Starbound instead seems to be rebuild from the scratch. Why? I don’t know the answer. However, the developers don’t hear what the community says or at least stick to their own plans – you can investigate several thesis papers by Tiy from December and January – but obviously don’t have any priorities when developing.So, even if you take in account that this is an alpha and early access, all things they promise to you won’t happen; don’t think that you can give them help as a modder, as a bugtester or as an artist. I didn’t encounter any developer since spring on the forums, except if they posted a dev diary. CF always cries how bad and demanding the community is, but they are not interested in the community either; if you want to get some news, you don’t have to visit the forums, but look at reddit or twitter. At the beginning, they said that they wanted to introduce popular mods in their updates; but in one year, they only introduced two. It would’ve been a good idea to add at least some mods in the long phase without an update, but even here CF fails.To make things worse, there were some really bad comments and even accusations made by the developers in open public. I’ve never seen something like that where developers accuse their customers, when they criticize the development; critics can be idiots sometimes, but there IS the problem of absent updates, and as such, the developers are responsible for their own failure, not others.Starbound started as a promising game with a bunch of potential. Unfortunately, CF destroyed it. They claim that an “unstable” (!) patch will come in the next weeks. Not sure when they will push the stable. They are also talking about a mysterious 1.0 version that will come later. I don’t think we’ll see it before December 2015.If you are a person full of passion who wants to give a hand, wants to be part of something big and likes to enrich a community – don’t try Starbound. Don’t do it. If you are a multiplayer-person, don’t even think about it. And if you are a lonesome, but experienced gamer who wants a cool, complex game… you should wait until 2016 until thinking about a possible purchase of Starbound 1.0.I have to say that I really want to love this game. I really would like to see Starbound succeeding. However, Chucklefish makes it impossible for me. I'm not the only one. There were times when this game was played by 80.000 people a week, or at least 20.000 to 30.000. Now, there are only 1.000-2.000. Still, everyone is convinced that the whole fan base will return after a new stable update. I doubt that.(A short addition: I don’t start Starbound via Steam, that’s the motive why I have fewer hours shown than I actually played. The launcher is bugged, by the way, and can double the hours you played, leading to false statistics.)"
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,211820,16910274,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,AlexMBrennan,"Combat is unbalanced - you are will either die very quickly without doing much damage (before upgrading your gear), or utterly curbstomp everything (after upgrading your gear), so it's basically a game of evading the monsters while you dig searching for the next metal tier.Thus far, the experience has been thus:1st world: After some digging I found iron ore, and made a suit of iron armour. After digging a lot more (straight down) I found the core fragments needed to repair the ship. Moved on the 2nd planet2nd planet: After some digging, I found oil and made a suit of steel armour but it's not good enough for the mining station dungeon, so presumably I now have to go back, do a lot more digging until I find better metal to make better armour to unlock stronger enemies that will force me to do more digging.Seems like there was a reason I uninstalled this game after checking it out for 2h in 2013"
76561198176061846,Recommended,211820,31051917,Posted: 9 April,all,98Peanuts,"Its Terraria in space, it took awhile for it to fully release but regardless of that long wait the game itself is a lot of fun and worth getting."
76561198116627466,Recommended,211820,25043503,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Peasant,"One of my favorite games of all time, possibly even my favorite. I remember watching this game grow in it's infancy stages while it was in early access. Today, its changed quite a lot and barely resembles the roughly stitched-together version it used to be, but it still kept it's heartwarming adorableness and liveliness. I am so glad to finally see it reach it's complete stage, and that these developers stuck to the fans and delivered what they wished for. You got my respect chucklefish.The game combines crafting, mining for resources, building, combat, farming, exploration, awesome and deep storyline and fleshed out characters. The best part is that you can choose what you want to do. Boss/tech/ship/planet tiers are not very closely tied together, so you could choose a single path rather than all of them at once.Mods- This game always had mods, but now that there is steam mod support, meaning you can upload and download any mod you want with ease and not risk downloading malware. speaking of steam, they also recently implemented steam server hosting, so you can play with your friends and not have server admins boss you around.Definetly an adorable and memorable game. Games like these will be like the old nintendo games of today in 30 years. People will talk about starbound being a great game that isn't just entertaining but inspires and touches all the fans.Chucklefish is a developing team that deserves some great respect. Their team may be small, but they have achieved so much while still providing for the fans. They never lied about their products (Ahem, No Man's Sky.) and their products are well worth the price.Bottom line: Easily one of the best games out there in my opinion. If you liked minecraft, terraria, or any side scrolling or sci-fi game, this is a must have.Love you chucklefish for this masterpiece, I'll surely get any game you make in the future.The Peasant"
76561198091558993,Not Recommended,211820,10548151,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Specter,harry potter is better
,Not Recommended,211820,28808906,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mingnit,"Storyline is cringy and boring to death.Game mechanics (like tech stuff, and upgrading the gear) are good but are in shadows of building mechanics and these are the only good thing in-game IMO. (by this I mean that building your house is cool, but thats not my thing)Combat is lacking some love and progression goes from slow to super fast in one or two hours. You can also become OP as hell mid game if you want to.Lets not even talk about how easy bosses are...and fun stuff like upgrading your ship are locked behind this repetitive storyline.Was hoping for a game that did what Terraria does but better, it doesnt, well only when it comes to building and having a community and I wasnt into that. If the game only has these two things to offer it wont be worth it. Terraria still rules and thats in a way a shame."
,Not Recommended,211820,11541052,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Takamori,Shekelfish
,Not Recommended,211820,12928955,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Shambles,"Starbound is a very fun game, but after about 50-60 hours it starts to get boring.If you buy this game, make sure you have friends to play it with because its kind of boring playing alone.This game was hyped up to no end for me, but when I played it for a while it slowly came to me.I bought an incomplete game."
76561198028139069,Not Recommended,211820,12863464,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tokfan,"Updated for 1.2.Game slowdown and latency issues are still a thing. Fps drops are still common in the outpost and villages.I'm not using the GTX 550 anymore but a borrowed GTX 670 2mb so my frames varies between 55-60+ during ""normal"" play.Mechs are ingame now yeeehaaa! Although they aren't mechs at all but a power up mode which duration depends on your own personal energy bar.Mobs still walk around with 0 health hitting you a few times before they remembered they were dead after roughly 30-40 minutes of gameplay.Arrows will still hit mobs if they walk above them.They STILL haven't fixed the ""R"" to bring up matter manipulator and ""R"" to go back to what you had before.I bet there's a mod for that, just like there are mods for every other glaring issue like windows not remembering positions and revert back to covering your character and PROPER goshdarn mechs.Update for 1.0.First off, it says ""Starbound - Beta"" right there on the top of the window. Oh boy, we're off to a great start!Okay, I can't have hunger without dropping items at the same time? Casual it is then.Just after the graduation scene during the escape, game starts to chug a lot, small stuttering freeze lags when moving forwards.Moving from aft to stern on my own ship bounces the fps between 45-60...Every half screen or during movement so on the planet freezes the game for a fraction of a second. Standing still however is stable 60 fps.Combat is laggy as f*ck. Every new mob gives me a freeze lag for about a second when I hit them AND when they hit me.A mob just split into 5-6 parts, lost all but 1 pixel of health due to lag.I just hit a mob while it jumped, it froze mid air, I moved away a bit, then it teleported around me and killed me, great.Back to the ship, back down again, more stuttering while backtracking.Hitting 'R' brings up your Matter manipulator, but hitting 'R' again doesn't switch back to whatever you had before. This is getting annoying.Took 7 tries to jump up a 1 character wide gap in the ground due to the character sliding a bit after you release the move button.And there we go again, movement lag + mob attacking + me attacking at the same time = dead.Yeah, no. They just slapped the 1.0 on this one.The very first version on steam had better performance on an older Athlon 64 machine, but now an i5-3570K can't keep up. Sure the i5 is old as a dead horse, but still... it's a 2D game.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Not even close to finished (yes I know Early Acess), game has been put on a hold indefinetly while the dev team makes pretty sprites and changed to becoming a publisher, moving everyone (then sacking quite a few) to a not-so-cheap HQ in London, thereby transferring manpower and cash from this project to other project.It's not really being worked on, no nightlys does NOT count, if it stops launching and nothing is done for weeks+ then no, you are NOT working on the problem, just recycling same sprites we've seen for the last 2 years.Speaking up against this bulls**t gives you a ban on the official forums by their PR department.Still people say ""It's Early Access"" when the devs clearly are on some kind of God complex.TL:DR;Avoid like the plague until it close to a finished/playable product.Right... After a year it got a big update.... then the update got patched, and patched again and patched again.This is me playing the new ""improved"" version.Start the game, loading for 3½ minute.Game seems to be capped at 60 fps in the menuCreate character, hit play, after 5 seconds the spawn ship background humming starts, game seems to freeze, after 9 minutes I kill the game through taskmanager.Restart the game, same long load time.Select my character, hit play, enter the ship more or less instantly. FPS drops and starts to bounce between 55-60 fps.After mucking about and getting annoyed like hell that ""E"" opens the interact menu but ""E"" does NOT close it but I have to hit ESC to close the window.Beam down to the planet.Background loads, character loads, start to fall, terrain loads, I take fall damage. Great. FPS is down to 30 FPS.I run for a minute to the left picking up everything, notice that neither the ""cold"" or ""hunger"" meter is in the game. WTF? Where's the survival aspect?I find a pool of water, atleast breath is still in the game...My hunting bow gets randomly disarmed for no reason what so ever when a ""booonggg"" sound is played and active after a super mario ""power up"" sound. Wierd.I start miss like crazy, notice stuttering animations... oh.... FPS is down to 19.  19 FPS. Yeah, not hitting jack sh*t with my bow (which gets disabled) and I end up dead.Back on the ship. 60 fps.I beam down again.... 15 fps.Yeah... no.My desktop computer specs (no it's NOT a potato)i5-3570K @ 3,40 GHz8 Gb DDR3GTX 560 OC (4Gb)Win7 64bit Home  PremiumAaaand while tabbed out and  typing this it started raining my FPS has dropped to 13.This is no longer a survival game, it's even less optimized than a year ago.Oh and now it stopped raining... 15 fps.But we got a brand new playable race and fancy cosmetic crap....F this game, F this nonchalance from the devs.I stand by my opinion a year ago;Avoid like the plague until it close to a finished/playable product.Kickstarter - $4MSteamsales -$19MNever meeting a dead line or failing to live up to their promises? - Priceless"
,Not Recommended,211820,12458389,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,silversoul,It feels like Terraria. IN SPACE.That will be all. *leaves*
76561198031051381,Recommended,211820,7917352,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,LexieTanium:,"Amazing game for sure. Gorgeous all around, from the graphics to the music. Also, for a beta things are smooth for me, especially the fighting. I was all sparta and katniss up in this biotch. I was asked to put a review of this game on my blog but i'm gna have to hold off on it because I have to write about the new or in development indie games first. This game is already known enough. I can however attest to the amazingness of this game :)"
,Recommended,211820,15330578,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,KeklePop,Probably one of my favourite games. Top notch right here.
76561198018064616,Not Recommended,211820,12884416,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,jp532,"It was a fun game, but why is it still in early access after a year?"
,Not Recommended,211820,24917313,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kaffe,"Sorry, but no, the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ the multiplayer is lagging and shot, i had a character and it got removed, made a new one, and i cant survive anything cause suddenly everything just kills me in 2 hitsTYes, its a good game, but not buyable right now, i would wait to buy this game when this game is fixed"
76561198094802550,Not Recommended,211820,25350978,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Kami G.,"Sure, sure, there's a lot to do. But the 1.0 update removed a lot of great features and frankly, the story is really bad. I loved this game before the actual release, because I was expecting great things. Not... this."
76561198074457116,Recommended,211820,24844544,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,sammy,"Let me say first that so much has changed from alpha to 1.0But the new story quests are very cool because you get to see the background of every race. Now I know some people like the beta better than 1.0, and dont get me wrong that was amazing, but I felt like there was kinda no purpose in beta. Like you keep getting better and you make better crafting stuff, but for what? Though I never got very far in beta besides one character because every update that came along *POOF* there goes all of your hard work.I love this game because its very fun to play with friends and even if you arent playing with friends you can, after a long session, be amazed by how much you have accomplished.So overall, I'd give 1.0 a 4/5fun, but you kinda miss beta..."
76561198125658643,Not Recommended,211820,25593052,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,John MacClane,Waited 2 and a half years for this game. The test versions like angry koala and glad giraffe were great but the new 1.0 version is garbage. The story line is a wreck. Mods only make this game fun now. Please add the old versions so that we can play them. Just not with acheivments. Thanks.
,Not Recommended,211820,24615786,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,The Chad Fairy,"honestly this is the worst kickstarter release in terms of disappointment, even surpassing that of Mighty Number 9.it's more disappointing than my own life. but since everyone's playing it, it's gotta be good, right?the story is garbage, the gameplay was cut into fine overrefined cubes of bland nothing, and it's all punctuated with the most bland orchaestral 'score' known to man. the only saving graces of the game are those that chucklefish forgot to blandize and sterilize before release (like nuru, the best character in the entirety of the god-forsaken 'story mode')people still play this game, though. because they cling to the old memories they had with it, all the fun mechanics and flavorful bits about the races and the universe around them that tied everything together before. there's none of that now, though. it's just a shadow of its beta self, all the fun was gutted out just before release.the game's baser mechanics are mediocre at best (the most satisfying thing you can do in this game is build, but even terraria does that better.) with clunky unfun combat and an intense grind when you need ore to finish that new armor set.starbound's pre-established universe before the update was rife with interesting, flavorful contact. if I were a hylotl on a floran planet, they would all ask how I taste or threaten me with 'sssstab', but now everything just seems squeaky clean for every race. there's no racial tension- the most conflict happening that you can feel in dialogue is the struggle of the apex against the miniknog. it's all just so boring now- and all the races and their chemistry is just thrown out for a happy image of every race getting along.honestly, I don't recommend getting this game at all. buy Terraria. you don't want to give Tiy any more money- he won't spend it on fixing the game, he'll spend it on a new office. and he'll also toss out an update that further guts the last remaining bits of fun from the game. don't get starbound, don't gaze into the shadow of the once-interesting universe. just take your wallet and run."
76561198059312317,Not Recommended,211820,25773059,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,PastaMaker,Loved the game untill 1.0 the full release made the game completely unplayable for lower end computers when previously in the beta and alpha the game ran completely fine.Its very hard for me to leave a bad review seeing as how I loved this game throughout the entire alpha and beta versions.Over 4000 hours of multiplayer down the drain.Thanks a lot ChuckleFish.(I'll add that the game becomes more of a laggy mess with each update... just fix your game please.)
76561198201302253,Recommended,211820,31881464,Posted: 21 May,all,ThomyThom,"Starbound is an amazing game that I recommend to any fan of exploration. With Billions of planets and weapons and settlements to discover, Starbound never gets boring. Yes, the game can be frustrating at times, but it's an incentive to explore and get better. For those who like traditional story-mode dungeons and bosses it's a main focus in the game, but you don't have to do any of it, it's completely optional. And if you do finish the story, there's more post-game stuff to uncover. Starbound is one of my favorite games on steam, and I highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,211820,20000747,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Rabbi Talmud Shekelberg,I spent 100 hours lamenting my purchasing decision.
,Not Recommended,211820,19947410,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,oof ouch owie,"Maybe it's just me, but I find this to be a bad ""copy"" (with emphasis on the quotes) of Terraria. I understand why someone might prefer this game over terraria, but I simply find Terraria to be more well-done, in terms of gameplay and graphics. There's is just something about he graphics here that don't please me as much as Terraria does.Aside from that I do find the game to be pretty fun, and if you're a fan of side-scrollers then this might just be the game for you."
76561198122416306,Recommended,211820,16739359,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Zhelfer,So far one of the best games ive played in a while it has a lot of exlploration.The online is really fun i met a lot of friendly people. I would reccomend to others for sure.
,Recommended,211820,8031270,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Michael Wilson,"Table of Contents------------------------ Warning- Introduction- Concept / Features- Atmosphere- Stability- ConclusionWarning: The following was composed while the game was released up to Beta [Indignant Koala 12/11/2013].Please understand that the game is still in development and when the game is updated the information in this review may be obsolete. When the development surpasses Beta [Indignant Koala 12/11/2013] you may be able to use this review to compare how the game has changed over development.While the game progresses in development, it may also /invalidate/ your universe, ship and/or character. Meaning; due to changes to the game, the older saves you have will no longer work with the updated version. This can happen without warning due to it being in beta and not being the release candidate. If you are turned off by the possibly losing progress, consider something else until after the beta cycle.--------------Introduction--------------Starbound is a mixture of Sandbox, nonlinear game play, RPG and Exploring. That currently evolves around traveling the vast reaches of space to see wonders, slaughter masses and horde items within a pixel art format. The following will be a short break down of the different genre this game falls into.Sandbox (Open World Concept) games are games which allow the player have many freedoms in the approach of how to play.  These types of games normally have a freeform type of play and are limited by the player’s interest over time or by the developer’s intent or overall content to explore.Role playing games normally follow a format where the player plays in a type or role is able to identify with the lead role they take on. There are normally some types of multifaceted stats related to the role they take on, character development, story-telling and narrative elements. There are normally complexity to the features related to these games including character actions, experience, levels, inventory, combat and immersion.Exploring is a hybrid of a platform game due to the graphics style.If you are turned off by sandbox games, or open ended games you may want to do more research or look for something else entirely.----------------------------Concept / Features----------------------------Good amounts of the game is generated using a procedural format; so the planets will not be exactly the same, it may still have the same feeling however.While you explore space, or really planets the player will spent a good deal of time using their spaceship. The spaceship can be used to house chests, items, tools, etc. The ship itself is also used as a means of travel between planets and sectors.Building and crafting can be a bit tedious, since it is required for space progression, going to harder planets for better stuff. When starting the game, the game is limited to one sector and you must progress up the teir tree by facing 'bosses' to move to the next sector. Building is not limited to you can only build 'some things', the space ship has a Pixel Printer on it to duplicate items you've found while exploring. Thus you can keep producing things as long as you have pixels to do so.Special abilities are introduced also; however the player is limited to using only one at a time currently. That is after actually finding the blueprint for a special ability on a planet.Character wise, there is light customization at the start with selection of race, gender, color and clothes. When you progress in the game you are able to change your clothes select using a vanity option.Being able to host individual servers is a nice touch, allows for customization, collaborative play and changes overall games experience.--------------Atmosphere--------------Atmosphere is a mixture of space; alien races which follow themes. Aliens you run into can be a hostile, non aggressive or crazy ape scientists; this changes per planet for the most part. There are also the 'animal' like alien life forms per planet which change also.The ambiance the music creates is alright, the music can be customized by using the abc formatted music into the systems music related folder.Graphics follow a somewhat fluid pixel art format, and most of the concepts and items follow theme and fit nicely together.--------------Stability--------------Starbound is still in beta; however it does have a large chunk of stability problems. Patches and updates have been present and there was a patch provided on launch day, so the development teams are working to solve the technical issues.There are error dumps and other problems which can be off putting times however you should make sure to submit your problem so the developers are able to utilities the generated reports to fix problems.Starbound has a large and growing community that the development staff uses as a platform to communicate with their customers. Their community platform is also used for reporting of bugs.The current stability problems I still noticed that may not be changed over the span of this first beta is that the client side when run by itself has a resource hogging problem. Resources were not that problematic for the client computer when it was playing via a decent server. If you are fine with server only play this is fine, for individuals that want to play solo there is a problem.I found from personal use just by running a personal server to connect to for myself that resource drain were greatly improved and it was more stable. However this would require the player to have two different computers that meet the minimal requirements if they wanted to play completely solo.If you are using an older computer which has a single core and the rest meets the requirements you will find that it will have resource problems, even if it comparable to the dual core in speed. You may also need to disable the steam overlay while playing.--------------Conclusion--------------I would currently recommend this to someone who is /interested and willing/ to try a sandbox space exploration game combined building. This game will have a very interesting development, including they take a great deal of information, suggestions and concepts from the community. Chucklefish has a very interesting child here."
76561198029929737,Not Recommended,211820,12095851,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Kimbee,Game's dead. No updates in like 5 months.11/10 would get scammed again
,Not Recommended,211820,26042740,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Fengren,"IntroductionBefore I start I would like to say that I bought Starbound Early Access on Day 1. The game was quite bland so I prompted to wait for 1.0. Now that it's out I can say that it almost never changed. Of course there's more content, but nothing was truly interesting in Starbound. I forced myself to enjoy it just so that 15 bucks I spent years ago would not go to waste.I will not touch about the story and progression of the game, because many other reviewers have talked about that.The ProblemsStarbound is a shallow unoptimized game. Don't ever buy the game if you don't have a powerful PC because once you get a big ship with decorations, full crew and containers it will destroy your frame rate. This also applies for when you build a fairly big base with at least 10 colonists. The frame rate is not the only problem but also the existence of a ""lag"" akin to delays one can see in a multiplayer mode.I would also like to say that the minimum requirements listed on the Steam page is absolutely not accurate. The recommended CPU is at least an i3 and for GPUs, a ""Discrete GPU capable of directx 9.0c "". I have tested the game on two computers with both i5 3GHz and GPUs of AMD Radeon HD 7k and NVIDIA GeForce 920m. Early in the game the framerate and the ""multiplayer lag"" is not very noticeable but once I started upgrading the ship and building a nice base with a bunch of colonists that's where I saw the huge performance issue. Once it starts this issue continues on to even areas with not much things to render, as if the game was trying to process other stuff that was not on the area my character was currently on.Moving on from performance issues, many features in Starbound are not very interesting. The Starbound universe is big, and so is its repetitiveness. So many planets, but most of them look or feel the same. There are so many NPCs in the universe, but they always just give random dialogue depending on the ""personality"" given to them. The quests are almost always the same, fetch something, kill people, give me stuff, deliver this to someone, rescue a friend. Sounds good? No it doesn't, the quests don't encourage exploration especially since a lot of the quests can be done on the surface of a planet. There is absolutely no incentive for exploring underground other than finding ore, and it is possible to find the rare ores even in the shallow parts of a planet.The game advertises itself as open world but it does not feel that way at all. The universe does not move when the player does not move, as if there wasn't any life to it.The ProsSo much content, other people might love it.There's a very big collection aspect that some people might also love.Nothing actually struck me about Starbound other than the amount of content the game has.The ConsMany performance issues that Chucklefish hasn't addressed(they do not even recognize such problems).The massive amount of content is there, but none of them are polished enough to be fun for more than a few hours.So is the game worth spending 15 USD on? Perhaps people with really nice rigs might be able to appreciate this game better, but for me I regret supporting Chucklefish.If you have any reactions to my review, please do so in a civil way. I will delete comments at my discretion."
,Not Recommended,211820,24847931,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Nowhereman,"This is an unfinished game. There are several missions that are just missing that they clearly intend to add later, the game is unoptimized and has a good few bugs. It took them $1,000,000 to develop a pet that serves 0 purpose. An entire race has no lore, and no civilization. Litterally just a reskin of any of reskin, they required $50,000 on Kickstarter to develope this. These things are all coming in time, but this is supposedly ""finished"". Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together, Chucklecucks."
,Not Recommended,211820,24484416,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Drummerkolle,"First of, this review is a little unfair, because the game itself is really good...But because you can only vote good or bad, it's a bad for me, read on why.The game is fun and has a great soundtrack IMHO, but...If you plan to play on mac, better forget about it. After a while the game starts to lag pretty seriously, so that every jump or fight becomes a real pain...Thank god, you can restart the game to even have a chance to get your stuff back (yes, it saves the inventory / dropped stuff at the last death), which was lost to a death because of this awfull lags. I wasn't able to get it with the game lagging, I died several times before I finally risked a restart.So I would recommend for PC, but definitely not for Mac (which is my main platform).And because of that I wouldn't recommend yet.Lets see, if the devs fix it at some point, but I doubt it..."
,Not Recommended,211820,16343345,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,rolo tony,"Game is fun for about 3 hours, then becomes repetitive. Think of Terreria or Minecraft then remove any depth whatsoever. Devs haven't met any of their promised features and probably never will. Ignore the ""Early Access"" label, this game is completed. The final game was supposed to be released over two years ago and the devs have just ignored that, continuing to get money from suckers who think that ""Early Access"" actually means ""Early Access"" and not ""Devs can just ship unfinished products forever."""
,Not Recommended,211820,9671482,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,理子 A2,"Very similar to Terraria. Boring after a day of gameplay. Combat is bad.I've played so much Terraria that this game is stale to me, since they are both so incredibly alike. Except Terraria has better combat.""It's in beta, they'll fix it, etc.""Just waiting for those updates."
76561197971133859,Not Recommended,211820,16720716,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,123,Bought the game when it was first released to early access.  Within a few months one of the main developers suddenly quits and joins another company.  Gameplay 2 years later is still incomplete and chucklefish has gone on to spend the vast amounts of money they made for the game on other projects instead of expediting Starbound's completion.It is still not a finished game.  Would not recommend this to anyone.   This game is a shining example of why the early access model does not work.  You don't pay someone before the job is done.
,Not Recommended,211820,16775650,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,EvorsioLudaeorum,"Buggy, slow updates, rude devs, lying devs, devs that will ban you from their forums for asking questions. They said they'd release the full game in 2013. And the worst part is the game is no fun."
,Not Recommended,211820,17130049,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Vape,"i refunded it, cuz i had no idea what to do, but my friends could help me, they all refunded it too..."
,Recommended,211820,31762026,Posted: 14 May,all,lol no,"Pretty cool game, but conecting withfriends sometimes sadly don't works. Great story a lot to discover."
,Not Recommended,211820,12828401,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,PyRhUz,wold lek f deh♥♥♥♥♥♥♥deloperz id somtin5/10 would♥♥♥♥♥ur bich
,Not Recommended,211820,12828753,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,AeORockin36,I love survival games and games that you can travel in space and have a space ship but this game is just so borring I got bored after playing for an hour. Not worth my money
,Not Recommended,211820,12672718,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,OneCode,"It is boring to me, too complicated, mouse controlling is no good. Generally I do no like it. I much prefer Terraria, for example."
,Not Recommended,211820,26016395,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,v0idcat,"I'd love to love this game but so far my experience sums up to crashes upon launch and reading unsolved bug reports, mine included."
,Not Recommended,211820,17420833,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Trash Goblin,"I've had this game for a long time, and I believe there has been 2 updates since I've owned it. All they added was useless crap. Get Terraria instead.Edit :: Let me add some salt for those fanboys in the commentsSalt Salt SaltOh look game update. Adds even more useless stuff that has been in Terraria before it was released."
,Not Recommended,211820,16863881,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,VestalTempest,"Games been in early acess for over 3 years now, there is little reason to go underground also when exploring the enemies are almost the exact same just different skins and nothing special from enemies. Bosses are pushovers and be easily be evaded by a dirt walls. This game would be able if there was more vairity in terms of items and had worlds with more viarity rather than reskins."
76561197994332553,Recommended,211820,8388660,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Macho Ham Randy Sandwich,♥♥♥♥ yes.
,Not Recommended,211820,12650281,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,jbob,"Where the server executable for Mac?  There's a video on youtube about how to launch a server on a mac, but the files don't exist on my machine."
,Recommended,211820,16736077,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Kasser,I loved the game with the survival elements. Please bring them back!
,Recommended,211820,21720625,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Laeo,A most excellent game.  Over the years the Starbound developers have expanded the game so much and every step of the way allowing the community to guide them.  I must also say that they have done a great job of ensuring that enough content is playable to keep the customers interested during Alpha/Beta while simultaneously witholding a greater portion of the game so there is more to come back for.I recommend this game to everyone.
76561198161639479,Not Recommended,211820,12767247,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,red...just red,it doesnt work fix the ♥♥♥♥ing game i just bought you greedy ♥♥♥♥s
,Not Recommended,211820,20049027,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Sgt. Bones,"I really liked the premise of this game, but unfortunately I cannot recommend it to anyone in its current state.When I first bought it (brought on by a love of Terraria), I thoroughly enjoyed it. I played with a friend and we explored our first few worlds, enjoying the random settings we discovered along the way (laboratories, settlements, etc). The fun didn't last long, as we simply ran out of things to do. I lost interest and put the game aside, planning to come back once there had been a substantial amount of development work done.Eventually, an update piqued my interest again, and I gave the game another try. The combat is better, the NPCs have more purpose, upgrading your ship is a lot more fun. Once again, I enjoyed my time playing the game, until like before, I ran out of things to do. There is just no end game to be had. I don't see the point of an infinite universe when every solar system, every planet is no longer a challenge. The only remaining reason to visit other planets was to see if anything random shows up (laboratory, castle, dungeon, etc), but they are just the same thing over and over again.If you're like me, and are wanting another Terraria experience, please don't buy this game. Terraria has SO MUCH more to do. There is always another boss to fight, another material to search for, another weapon to find in Terraria. Starbound has none of that, just an infinite universe full of boring procedural worlds that have nothing of interest on them. It's a great premise, but with a very empty end. It's a shame - the game does have potential. I just don't believe it will ever be as good as it could be, and I will be very surprised if this game ever comes out of early access.It's one of those games that are fun at the beginning, until you get a few hours in and you remember why you stopped playing it the last time you gave it a chance."
,Recommended,211820,19271254,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Bok Khoi,No Man's Sky beta
,Recommended,211820,17557963,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,LanCee,"This game is awesome and I can't get enough of it. This game has changed sooo much since I played it last time (I think it was Enraged Koala, idk :P) Many new recipes, missions quests and lots of stuff was overhauled. I love it, 10/10 :D"
,Recommended,211820,10181746,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,CommanderCH,This game is still in beta but just owns any crafting game. Lots of things to do and so much randomness around. Just awesome. The soundtrack is also great.
76561197970908031,Not Recommended,211820,11265209,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Svati,Fun if you have a million dedicated friends to play with and one million hours.
76561198044267867,Not Recommended,211820,12104779,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Vatenkeist,This game has been in Early Access too long.
76561198064737507,Not Recommended,211820,12690974,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Ewok_Smiles,Have to agree with everyone else. Fun game but seems to be abandoned by dev's so i would pass on it or get it on sale.
,Not Recommended,211820,13357220,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,SovietOnion,"As of the time of this posting, 12/13/14, I cannot recommend this game.So, here's the thing: This is an incredibly promising game. I had a lot of fun while playing it. But things eventually got pretty stale. There are lots of planets and places to explore, but you aren't really given a reason to explore them. They hardly differ and the loot you get from exploring these places isn't really that great. Of-course, at the time, I could forgive this because it was early access. But it's been something around 8 months or so since I've played and there has not been one major update since then. There has been little to no improvement, and seeing how long it's been in development, I can't help but wonder what the devs are doing. 8 months with no updates on an early access game is absurd. It's truly dissapointing how this game turned out, because it really could've been something special."
76561197972440537,Not Recommended,211820,13216491,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Corpsebreath,"This game had tons of promise when it was first released on Steam way back when.  Unfortunately the developers of this game have failed to come through on the promises of all the planned features on the store page.  Do not buy this game untill the official release, if that day ever comes.  I'm to the point that I do not believe that day will ever come and that is why I'm writing this review almost a year after buying and playing the game.  I've been waiting for a playable game for a long time since buying this and the developers are failing miserably. There could be so much to love with this game, but it all seems like a fantasy at this point and nothing more."
,Not Recommended,211820,17085777,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,mortyrshell,Tedious and boring
,Not Recommended,211820,24574875,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,dnmr,Mud Digging Simulator 2011
76561197968626885,Not Recommended,211820,16371281,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,IndigoNeko,"This game has a lot of potential, and they keep adding more content all the time.However, right now the boss fights are IMPOSSIBLE for anyone who's not a Contra -level platform player.Please, for god's sake, if you're a developer, get your head out of your♥♥♥♥♥and add a difficulty slider so that gamers who aren't the 0.01% can get past the first boss."
,Recommended,211820,20103953,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Y U N G   C H I M P,This game is my bread and butter ♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198122146750,Not Recommended,211820,13133294,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Griffbo,"I agree with every single review. This game had potential, but i really regret paying any money for it. Either finish making it,  or give us a refund."
76561198058328547,Not Recommended,211820,31523276,Posted: 3 May,all,Tritotamar,"I was able to ignore it on my first playthrough, but once you get halfway decent at traversing planets the terrain generation seizes up constantly if you go any speed other than painfully slow. You walk for 20 seconds and get blocked by a sheer cliff where it hasn't made the terrain yet, so you need to stand there and wait while it (slowly) builds the ground.When half the game requires speeding across planet surfaces to find settlements, this is a real problem. It has stunted my enjoyment of the game to the point where I actually can't recommend it anymore."
,Not Recommended,211820,24465368,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ktulluh,Paid / Waited 2.5 years / Doesn't launch on release day / Bad reviewed
76561198013347230,Not Recommended,211820,24895014,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dextkiller,"I really, REALLY wanted to like this game. Having loved Terraria and marveled at the concept of a sidescrolling, space-exploring adventure and crafting game.. Unfortunately, Starbound never really seemed to find a focus.It's a pretty game, that can't be denied. The sound design and music are fantastic, and the wide variety of tilesets and building materials/furniture are very well designed. You'll visit locales populated by NPCs of a variety of different races that all speak in their own unique little ways. You'll visit planets of different types; some safe and some dangerous. You'll get cool gear and sweet looking aesthetic clothing that'll make you feel super awesome about your character. Maybe you'll even make a really cool base and set up a teleporter so you can go back to it regardless of where in the galaxy you're exploring at the time..But unfortunately, that's where the fun ends. The addition of the quest system feels bland and uninteresting. After doing 10+ of the little side quests you can find basically everywhere, you'll start to see repetition. The ""Story"" starts off cool, with the destruction of earth and the scattering of an organization bent on bringing peace, information, and prosperity to the universe.. But it loses it's interest soon after that. Once you figure out what it is you're supposed to be doing, your purpose can seem not only daunting, but perhaps hopeless.Knowing that you're in a procedurally generated universe, you're sent off to go scan various furniture and aesthetic pieces from all the various races, and in that lies the main problem. The mechanic that this ""story"" is based off of is terribly boring. You press a key, you click on stuff, get a sentence or so of flavor text, and then blaze off to find the next thing to click on. You do this until the bar fills up, go back to the old lady, go through some jumping puzzle, fight a boss, get some useless and usually under-powered loot, and then do it all over again with a different race and differet furniture.Depending on your luck, even completing one of these missions could take you ages. I visisted upwards of 12 planets with the required ""forest"" type and didn't find a single bit from the race I was looking for. After running around the entire planet, jumping over hills and through caves that all started to feel the same really quick, the fire in my eyes started to dull. It got grindy really quick.The long stretches of game where you are simply stuck and can't progress are infuriating. There's no clear purpose of how you get the things you need to upgrade your equipment. And using the same weapon or set of armor, or getting killed by the same monsters over and over and over again because you don't feel even nearly equiped to be handling the threats you have to handle in order to progress can be super frustrating.On top of that, the combat mechanics feel very unfinished, or just ignored all together. Fighting monsters isn't engaging or interesting. Regardless of the enemy, they'll still die the same way when I spray them with the flamethrower i've been using since world 2 and don't see any reason to stop using ever. Combat encounters are straight up cookie cutter in their repetitiveness. Regardless of how different the enemy looks to that other weird kangaroo thing you fought before, it acts completely the same.Bosses are decently engaging, even if the lead-up to them is rather repetitive in itself, but they're nothing special, and often feel under-rewarding.Things like farming feel really inefficient, not to mention extremely under-rewarding as well when you harvest up all of those hard raised crops and sell them for a whopping 300 pixels. The only reason to farm is just to keep a store of food close to you in case that pesky and often annoying food bar goes down and you explode from starvation.Then there's easily my biggest pet-peeve about the game. You can't pause.. ever. If you want to pause you have to quit your game, which is honestly just plain annoying and there doesn't seem to be any reason for it unless I'm playing in a multiplayer setting.------------Overall, Starbound is a game that places aesthetic high above mechanics and playability. It's a game that says ""hey, look how cool you can make your base"". It's a game that encourages you to spend all your time looking not for a way to save the universe as you're lead to believe is your goal, but instead scour the universe for cool beds and paintings to put up in your home back on the only planet you really care about. It's a game that shows you an entire universe to explore, but doesn't make any kind of effort to make you care about any of it.If collecting furniture that serves basically no purpose other than to make things pretty, and making a cool base is what you're looking for, sure, play Starbound. But if you're looking for what this game advertises: An engaging universe-exploration adventur RPG game, then you'll be sorely disappointed by the lackluster performance Starbound provides."
76561198052463596,Recommended,211820,24186268,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,aimeegneiting,"Play Terraria but hate that you're stuck on one world? No more! Now you can explore a whole universe, with tons of suns, loads and loads of planets, complete with quests, bosses, creating colonies, exploring dungeons, several races, each with their own set of armors, and your own race-unique upgradeable spaceship! Loads of loot, weapons, pets, growable crops, foods, and SO. MANY. ITEMS."
,Not Recommended,211820,13169298,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sir Nancy the Negative,"I would advise not getting this. The last I played of it, the first thing you would do on every new sector would be look for how to get the upgrades as soon as possible. Why? Because this game has a worse shift in difficulty than the DivineRPG mod, and far less content. If you want to be able to take out the next sector, you NEED to get better weapons, and especially better guns. Especially important is the need for armor. If you have no armor, you have next to no health. Your health scales with your armor. So, in order to take on the world, you need to have better armor, so you can take more than one hit.Worse so far is how the group keeps delaying their release date and putting together stupid things that ought to be either implemented later in updates, as Terraria has done, or just prototyped and shoved under the rug. I mean, why would we need aquatic enemies for ocean worlds when healing is still a huge problem, hunger is a stupid system to involve in the game, and every time you turn around there's a stupid flying enemy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ fire on you and burning away all your pixels with each and every death?Save yourself the trouble. This game isn't worth $15. You know you've done something wrong when people are making mods that do a better job of selling the theme of 'Terraria but in space' than you do."
76561198066282322,Not Recommended,211820,13167720,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,moopers,"The universe and crafting system start out interesting and fun to explore.  Just like every other exploration and crafting game there are a bunch of mods that can keep the experience going longer.  Unfortunately I found this game un-optimized, lagging frequently despite hardware much stronger than recomended.  With friends and patience maybe, bu the game needs fixing and from the looks of other comments, that's never going to come.  If you are really interested maybe it wil go on sale..."
,Not Recommended,211820,26586038,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Mr. Matt,"I played this game much longer than most games that I lose interest in, but probably because I put down fifteen bucks for this one. The music is lovely, and being able to mine multiple blocks simultaneously is great, and the -idea- of being able to planet-hop made this sound so much cooler to me than Terraria ever did. However, I enjoyed Terraria better in every way aside from its music and single-block-at-a-time mining, such as the single planet meaning anything I built, I could re-visit and it had more purpose and felt more like home, whereas in Starbound, if you took the time to build a house, chances are you'll never come back to that planet again, so putting care and interest into building structures and making them nice has little to no draw in Starbound.Starbound claims it has quests, which is does, but they're just fetch quest garbage that did not entertain me. There is a main quest, but it quickly turns into a ""find all 6 (can't recall the #) McGuffins across the galaxy"" before you can continue thing. That worked on the NES with The Legend of Zelda, because you literally could not find anything better to play on NES in terms of scope and quality at the time. However, fast forward a couple decades or so, and that same ""plot"" (gather all the items, period) doesn't work in new games today, without clever twists, so when Starbound had the audacity to demand I do the same thing after I was already hoping to find gameplay elements to hook me longer, I lost what remained of my interest immediately.Once I passed about a dozen hours of gameplay, nothing interested or excited me, and I simply wasn't having fun. Now a friend wants me to play this with her, so I'm having to bite the bullet and trudge through it all over again, and I'm having even less enjoyment a second time around."
,Not Recommended,211820,13174804,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,East Asian Trading Company,"Never again will I buy a "" alpha "" game. This is just an example of taking the money and running. That's exactly what this developer did."
,Recommended,211820,21537661,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,fishy-depression,"Quite fun, especially with people.Also, developers, please make the multiplayer option easier to use.It's very complicated how it is now.EDIT: How do I have real people liking this? Anyways, thanks. Here's a conversation of what you guys should try and do, to not have to redo the game, unless if we back our characters up, of course. And this is for the people who do not know how to back up their characters. (Even though it's insanely simple, though it does waste space.)ThatThunderCookieMar 1, 20161Reply+Future Steven For the story mode update, and by extension the final release, all characters and universes will likely be wiped. The state of the game right now is place-holder in nature and likely won't be compatible with the state of the game on release.﻿Show lessFuture StevenMar 1, 2016+ThatThunderCookie But can't they just let you play with a new character instead of wiping all your characters? Can you tell them that?﻿Future StevenMar 1, 2016+ThatThunderCookie Or can you put your stuff in a crate and not get it deleted? Also with your old characters, can't they just let you play and explore freely(With no access to story mode until you get tier 6 armor)? Seems like we wasted our time collecting resources and such.﻿Show lessFuture StevenMar 1, 2016+ThatThunderCookie I really hate Ipads, anyways, if none of that can happen, just gonna hope they will only allow new characters until you get tiers 5-6 armors and/or weapons for them, then you can acces any character. And what about our ship?﻿Show lessFuture StevenMar 1, 2016+ThatThunderCookie *accessMy Ipad won't let me edit comments.﻿ThatThunderCookieMar 1, 2016+Future Steven Unfortunately it's a compatibility issue. The characters, ships, worlds, everything is incompatible with the new universe. You have been playing a beta designed to test everything out. It was never really their intent for us to carry our beta character all the way to final release. It's something that is just outside my control I'm afraid.﻿Show lessFuture StevenMar 2, 2016+ThatThunderCookie D: The wiki said nothing about the wipeout. Hopefully we can keep our characters.Hopefully.﻿Show lessYes I know some of this is useless. So why did you bother reading some of the pointless stuff?"
76561197996194855,Recommended,211820,15138110,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,KorosPT,"This game is amazing. Crafting and exploration are masterfully made. All craftmanship is of the higest quality. Right now I feel it lacks an appeal for building large projects. Because you take your base everywhere with you, it is enought to decorate your ship and an idea of building great planet-side fortress is often pushed into beckground. I dont feel it hurts the game, because, unlike Terraria, Starbound is more adventure oriented.One big point urging you to buy the game should be moding comunity.  Its enormous. With help of several mods (frackin universe, your starbound crew) game time can be incredibly long, without any wondering what should you do.I say ""Buy it!!"""
76561198070754998,Not Recommended,211820,17399467,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,EnviousSquirrel,This game will never be finished in our lifetimes
,Not Recommended,211820,31310345,Posted: 22 April,all,Cephalopodman,"You will walk and walk and walk and walk and walk until you've circled the whole planet, and still you will have found and accomplished nothing of interest. Once you find what you are looking for, only then will you realize the futility of it all, and to an extent, your own meager existence. Neither your weapons or the monsters you battle them with are interesting. The ""threat to the galaxy"" has no stories to tell. Starbound is a game that gives you things to do, but doesn't drive you or reward you for doing them."
,Not Recommended,211820,24485017,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,DeM,"Bought the game when it was in early access and played it years ago. Now 1,0 arrived and all I can say is: DO NOT BUY THIS GAME PERIOD.Pros:-SoundtrackCons:-Chucklefish Games as developers-The game was in early access for years yet no optimalization. Sometimes the fps drops to an unplayable level-The main quest is so unimaginative and repetitive it's actually insulting and the same can be said about side quests-Quest rewards are jokes (zero variety since you only get a bag with random loot lol)-Confusing user interface-Difficulty spikes-Overall progression feels like♥♥♥♥♥♥-Did i mention the fps drops?!"
,Not Recommended,211820,30653145,Posted: 21 March,all,WesternFail,"""This is a game made by pixel artists and musicians, not by game designers.""I really want to like this game, I truly tired to, I have spent over 100 hours in this game, both modded and unmodded, and the only thing I can say it is just... feels unfinished.People say it is No Man's Sky, but better, maybe that is true when compared with NMS, but when compared to other 2D sandbox games like Terraria and Rimworld, it is basically the NMS of 2D sandbox games, vast, but empty. Features missings, and just a whole lot of repeating planets with no special varity between them.The story is laughable, childish and stupid, the whole you are the chosen one and must save everything from the ruin, is just... moronic, I like it better in Beta, where there is no story, you are just someone floating through space in your space ship, wanting to discover the universe. Racial interactions are missing as well, I vividly recall if you are a Glitch going through a Glitch village, the guards would chase you and say you are not welcomed here, it is a a small touch but it adds to the immersion, but that is not here in the base game.You cannot create your own story, you are merely a puppet put into the storyline by the game itself, and there is shocking lack of content after you have beaten the game, you just build... and that is it. Nothing else to do but to colonize planets for... no reason at all.Maybe they would fix it in future updates, but as of now, do not buy this game."
,Not Recommended,211820,13290186,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Choya,"Fun for a few hours, but it was completely abandoned by the devs. Buy Terraria instead, or one of the bajillion other survival games on Steam."
,Not Recommended,211820,13204541,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hurpy Durpy,"Surprised someone can get away with selling a game that is this incomplete. After coming back to this game after several months (almost a year now) I see little to no change in gameplay or features. No idea how user rating is ""very positive"" when all of the most up-voted reviews are negative. This game is as dead as its late game gameplay. Would not recommend."
,Not Recommended,211820,28133163,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Socks_The_Kitten,"I loved this game in it's beta, for what is was it was great game and I couldn't wait for what was to come!Sadly it was not what I ,and others where hoping for. In beta it was a great space sandbox game, with 100s of 1,000 of planets to explore. Sure there where only like 20 planet templets, but it will get more, or have a fully random planet maker... right? Nope, like 10 or some were added, but after 5 solar systems it got old.Next is combat, it was fun then, is still now. think terraria but with no magic, more gun play and right click alt attacks on weapons. all in all, if I was rating this on combat 8/10Now why I can't recommened this game to you, Starbound was going to be a open galaxy sandbox game, it looks like it still is, sadly not. About a year and a half or two ago they reworked the game and added missions, well the first mission. It was fun, as a side mission you could do. they didn't make them side missions though, you have to play them to get through the game, which sounds fine, but it's not.They put to much time into said missions, so the game is unrewarding and a drag to replay. I love stuff like Terraria and Minecraft where you can restart 100 times and it never gets old, Starbound fails here do to that becuase of the missions. Also the ""end game"" is sad, you can get there is 10 hours or so (5 if you rush it), but thats it, there is no reason to keep playing. It also feels like prehard mode in terraria, before you kill the WOF, you feel like your not done yet.I know this reveiw is a mess, but after all that Starbound gets a 4.5/10. I feel there was more they could have done with this game."
,Not Recommended,211820,17149203,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Zeus | IG: @csgostickerwastes,Terraria is much better and less expensive than this thing. Buy that instead.
,Not Recommended,211820,13275335,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,tomoo,Don't support these chuckle ♥♥♥♥s. The game is only a tutorial and there is no sign of it getting finished in sight. One of the worst uses of 20$ I have ever done.
,Not Recommended,211820,13185037,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,NuclearPenguin,"Another Early Access game that fails to deliver on promises. Developers state that the community are acting ""entitled"" and that the game is ""pretty much 1.0""."
76561198055174051,Not Recommended,211820,13202791,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Gametweeka,"Gameplay         7/10  Refinements are coming slowly and improving the gameplayA.I.                    4/10  Randomized enemies seem to all act similar and not very smartBuilding             7/10  Easy to use building system to create detailed, mostly decorative structuresStory                 5/10  Game lore does not make a good translation into the game itselfGraphics           8/10  Starbound has some very talented artists on board  Cute pixelart styleSound               6/10  Nothing special here, pretty standard fare.  Playing custom songs is cuteMusic                7/10  Needs more tracks, variety and smoother transitions between songsReplay Value    3/10  You'll have to make your own fun with this one if not on a server at endgameOverall Impression     48/80   Still can't recommend for purchase since currently it's in Early Access and Chucklefish Devs are not currently participating with players here on Steam forums.This wants to be a great game...  when it grows up.  The ""Winter Update"" added alot of the features that were already available on the nightly versions to a somewhat playable version, however there isn't a stable version update planned for release until sometime in January 2015.This game has a great concept and the backbone of what could be a great game is in place, BUT this game can be considered a ""not worth it"" at this point and you should spare yourself the grief of waiting for the glacial speed of development if you actually want to own the game to play the game.Just buy it later so you don't get stuck wanting for more.  If you buy it later.  You will simply miss out on an incomplete game now.  Check back after a stable update for and see what people are saying about it again.   Proof will be in the pudding.Very, very disappointed with the decisions of the dev team to not engage the steam community in our forums and address their concerns after being more than willing to take thier money.  This game has been handled badly in regards to PR in the early access program here at Steam and with early statements of how development was going to happen differing GREATLY from what has actually happened.Why ban people commenting about things they don't like about the game when we're supposed to be giving feedback on what we think?  Seems a bizarre tactic.   I'm simply pointing out facts of what has happened in the past during early access program on Steam to prospective buyers who want to participate here.  This should not be a model for other developers to follow in my opinion."
,Not Recommended,211820,16352731,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Gravoth,"2 years early access, really?"
76561198130483557,Recommended,211820,16343033,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Jmtnsub,"First off I wanna say most the people I have seen left reviews are impatient little ♥♥♥♥♥. The fact they're mad that a game developer's have not released the full version when they are not happy with the current state of the game confuses me greatly, I personally am glad they are taking their time on this game. After playing for 2hrs I felt way more appealed to this game then Terraria has ever felt to me. And the fact that this game is still in beta is unnoticeable. The games gameplay is highly compatible with any type of computer and is super smooth. I have already experienced numerous different types of creatures and explored many weird places on my planet. I have fixed my spaceship and ventured off to new planets each one filled with new and different creatures. I have not experienced all the different types of planets, there are so many! Each planet has dungeons, mini bosses and unique explorable areas filled with loot and suprises. I have been amazed by how many different items there are in this game. I barley have played for 15 hrs and I have multiple different wepons, armor and helpful gear each looking and named different with unique traits. You can tell they put a lot of time into this game. One of the best things about this game is the sound track I love it; I put on my headset and im lost in a immersive world regardless of time. The games only flaw is the multiplayer while its there its hard to use you either have to have a hamachi account or be willing to open your router ports to starborn to play with your friends, and there is no public servers (that I know of.) But other then that the game is beautiful, it has every thing I want action, adventure, customization, new and exciting things and endless hours of playable content. It really got my blood boiling to see the bull♥♥♥♥♥♥people have left on this fantastic game. They have no right to brain wash people to hate this game just because they're mad at the developers."
,Recommended,211820,22869185,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Taternader,this is one of the best games ive ever played. And i appreciate that chucklefish takes there time testing the new content in the unstable before updating the main game. But i do wish that they would keep the main (stable) version more up to date with the unstable. But all in all ive loved it since it came out. i do highly recommend this game to anyone.
76561198083953039,Not Recommended,211820,13885087,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Angelofexecution,"Mixed review for a game I have played kind of a lot since I can't play Terraria on my Apple desktop (but that is material for another review).I am a big fan of this genre for the possibilities it can/could offer, there's a lot you can do, quests, surprising environments, tools and interesting crafting ideas.Now this is where I believe Starbound has not hit the target (yet) in my honest opinion.It has good starts of ideas, but in order to get some of the features offered by the game, you gotta watch a walkthrough or look it up online, or you're gonna be clicking and tapping all the keys of your keyboard for several minutes like an idiot.It is not totally intuitive in that regard.There's a try at a tutorial in the first hours of gaming, on your ""Journal"", which I assume is where the developpers want the source of information/quests/guidebook for moving forward to be, and I get that this is an early access release but I've had the game for almost a year now I reckon. I find it kind of a letdown to not include what could be the motivator here after so long. It brings a ""Now what?"" feeling.Given, once you have looked up online that there are different sectors which have different levels of difficulty (monsters, ore distribution, weapons and objects, etc.), you can go for it and craft the required items to summon the boss which allows you access to more ore/weapons/armor/planets, and that can take a lil while and put your head in the game for a few more hours.After doing all this exploration, you kinda start stumbling across planets that look similar to that one you already visited like 4 planets ago, or, if you're like me and you did use the set as a home feature, looking like your home-planet, and the only thing remaining is collecting, maxing up your vines to make bandages, your coal for fuel, collecting all the fruit/tree seeds existing, crafting, farming etc.And again, if you're like me and you don't play in Multi-player mode, it gets meh after a while.Because it has been on Early access for so long, exploring new planets is not always as exciting, especially if you've already seen all the biomes and dungeons available for now, you can easily notice their pattern and/or easily cheat by digging a way in closer to things to loot or digging around to avoid it etc., ditto for boss monsters or villages/houses/camps.It just gets a tiiiiiny bit repetitive.One big positive point that I would like to stress on the music though. I have a sweet spot for Story/Quest/Chara dev and games OSTs and to be honest, I could listen to the soundtrack all day long.And a silly positive point: the Frog merchant with a buncha dogs in his/her house (wish I could've adopted one as a pet).All in all, I guess if/when the official game is released, there should be improvement coming our way.Or so I hope, because I do like sandbox modes, but right now, this version lacks a spark of interest, of novelty, to make me recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,23206433,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,chew,"This game is probably one of my favourite games on Steam, the weapons, the tools, the construction possibilities, the questing system, everything about this game is good, well, except the Pulse Jump and Dash techs. But overall, this game needs more praise.10/10"
76561198111045256,Recommended,211820,9537346,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Woodland_Fox,"68 hours in as of now and it's still fun! This game is great. The developers listen to the community and because of this, the game is already packed full of content such as a great sound track, art and many gameplay elements. Apparently the game is still in beta, so there is so much more to come. This game is full of potential and is already really of fun.The game however does play out a little slow on my older computer and is a little bit buggy, but the bugs don't usually take away from the experience.Although it can be a little slow at times it is my favorite game at the moment and it will be hard to surpass.I give the game a 8.5/10. If the game was optimized better for my older rig then I would have raised it to a 9."
,Recommended,211820,9554875,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Vonsha☣,CRAAAAAZY FUN FUN TO Explore and the only bad thing is that on my first planet theres to much mobs around my house/port area
,Recommended,211820,9555132,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Hampy,Good game but someone needs to make a mod that has pipes and stuff to transfer items from planet to ship!
,Recommended,211820,9609845,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,[TCB] gwalchjai,Very much.
,Recommended,211820,9614849,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Aimee,Game is great I feel like It needs more boss fights but its  great
76561198059298286,Recommended,211820,9384596,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Islamic Truck Of Peace,Terraria on crak! Really good!
76561198117941784,Recommended,211820,9387194,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,TheAcGuy550,"If you like Terraria, you'll enjoy this!"
76561198021438735,Recommended,211820,9391364,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,The Grey Lad,You can be a Bird-Man.
,Recommended,211820,9409802,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Kawaii,"Starbound is simply one of those games where you anticipate to play maybe for an hour or so, and you get up to grab a cold drink or go to the bathroom and its five in the mourning "" What the fk? "" you will say to yourself "" have i really been playing for this long "", My first look at startbound was rather odd to say the least, a 2D Sandbox MMO?  it was something new so i decided to give it my all and embark in my journy across the galaxy, When i first started play the UI (userinterface) was a little spaced out if you will, it will certainly take you an hour or so to get used to the mechanics and Ui placement before becoming relativley comfortable with the game itself, but it plays very smoth considering it's in alpha and have i put around 20+ hours into this game with to my surprise one crash, i cant even play dayz anymore because its so bugg filled and crashed at every action key, ill stray away from dayz for now, but starbound is really like if minecraft, maplestory and a startrek convention all has some awkward 2d love affiar and this is the outcome, and its actually quite good considering the forumla to create this awesome life steal of a game,  but i must emphasize the amount of time YOU WILL put into this game, you'll find yourself 1 hour away from work and forgetting to sleep to just explore one more planet or one more galaxy, really is a VAST ENDLESS universe :)"
,Recommended,211820,9435225,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Not Mr.Krabs,"OMG THIS IS A TERRARIA CLONE. No, just no. This game is so much more. First of all you have a spaceship, comon who the hell doesnt want a spaceship. Second of all your nor stuck on one stupid planet you can travel. Thirdly you dont have to be a human you can get into a roleplay aspect, races ftw. And lastly this game looks stunning the graphics have this amazing pixel feel , but still keep it looking amazing. I mean comon dem backgrounds damn. I greatly suggest this game. if you think its a terraria clown I greatly suggest you watch some videos on it. So go ahead why haven't you bought it already!!! Ok that is all good night america (and other countries)."
76561198064550239,Recommended,211820,9435724,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Vinny,"Really fun game to play, lots do in the game.If you liked Terrria then I would definitely reccomend this game."
,Recommended,211820,9442306,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Her Peas,It's pretty nice. It is like Terraria in space. It goes on for hours at a time and is woth the price. It is awesome that they have quests and a story.
,Recommended,211820,9445295,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,shuraookami2,"A great game like terraria, just as confusing with the whole looking at cursor avatars lol. Far more interesting in the start I look forward to what I will find father into the game.Edit 1: A few more hours of playing and I have found myself being attacked by random falling balls of fire that destoried my makeshift home lol. Never had anything like that happen in Terraria. I'm still learning about the game itself, but I still say it's got more to it them Terraria so two thumbs way up for the Starbound devs for making a interesting game."
76561198017922663,Recommended,211820,9445948,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Carasique,Nice
,Recommended,211820,9460883,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,DogeBorn,"This is a really.......REALLY fun game. Think Terraria, but with aliens and sci-fi. The planets are pretty diverse and also allow for sharing, which makes it a suprise to know where you will end up, or you can look for the best planets online. Get this game ASAP; the full release is going to be fantastic."
76561198080184674,Recommended,211820,7944098,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Chozuro,just ♥♥♥♥in get it
76561198008011461,Recommended,211820,10257614,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Blue,"Dig hard, dig deep, go for shelter, and never look back."
76561198007717331,Recommended,211820,7987256,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Unwashed,"It may seem like this is going to be ""Terraria in Space"" and for the good part of that statement - it is.But there are some massive gameplay changes and overall this game feels like a very different title to Terraria while sticking to everything I love about that game.If you liked Terraria - this is a MUST HAVE title."
,Recommended,211820,7945788,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kenpachi Nozarashi,Awesome!
,Recommended,211820,9377624,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,ZombieBoxHeadMan,"Very fun game so far, can't wait for even more stuff, I hope they add:More ores,More weapon choices,a sharpener (to increase damage of weapons),make a choice to put down a 1x1 square instead of a 2x2 without having to split the stack multiple times,etc.Its a really fun game, i love the concept, and the wideness, no boundarys that i know of, you can go around and around the world in a strait line, Pixels are kind of hard to get... But really overall it's a great game"
76561197973964693,Recommended,211820,8561876,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Goftred,"I love it so much! There is a wide variety of things to make, civilizations to come across, enemies to fight, and things to mine. With every building you find comes the option to destroy, or colonize with your own species."
,Recommended,211820,8563661,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Big Ol' Doints,Very fun and easy to pick up. Some of the missions you must complete to advance in the game are difficult to understand because many of them are not told what you must accomplish. Although there are many bugs that still must be fixed the game is still vast and enjoyable. Hope everyone enjoys it as much as I have.
,Recommended,211820,8568163,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Fudge,My only gripe is that there are not any magic hats.
76561198042989765,Recommended,211820,8577130,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,The Mcr,"Found my races only village, killed them all for loot and ate all their food 10/10"
76561198081938014,Recommended,211820,8579897,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,wink,You can fly a spaceship. So I would say its good. 10/10
76561198044131102,Recommended,211820,8581756,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Oddy Knocky,A simply amazing and breath taking game. From the moment I started the game I felt captivated and simply could not let it go. At first I thought it was a copy of Terraria but I was so wrong. The game has the basis of Terraria but instead adds much more even though its still in the beta. The only reason I have only played 20 ish hours at the time of this post is because of its flaw. Sadly because its in the beta character wipes happen every so often and if you tend to get attached to your characters you should wait once its in the next stage. Regardless its a wonderful game and I highly recomend it to anyone and everyone. It is worth every peny that spend on it.
,Recommended,211820,8583156,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,PiZZaG0D420,Terraria in space with quests and better npc's.
,Recommended,211820,8583461,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Mü,I am a plant. My spaceship runs on coal. I have a golden toilet overlooking the stars.
76561198019780255,Recommended,211820,8585155,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,PEPSI MAN,"This game is amazing for any lovers of sandbox or adventure games, the atmosphere is amazing with classic graphics!"
76561198072602961,Recommended,211820,8585623,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Draymarc,"I want to start off with I never actually liked Terraria-esque games in the past. But i love sci fi. So, since one of my friends bought it, I did too. This game is awsome. Period. You start out with an Rpg like character creation, where you choose your gender, your race, and the overall look of your character (Intro movies for each race are coming!). Then you are thrust into a randomly generated world with one main objective: EXPLORE! Well, this stems off quite a bit. After you beat the first boss and get to the beta sector, you are free to just roam planets. Each individual sector is HUGE. But even after that, there are still more bosses to kill, dungeons to loot, and items to find. It, in my eyes, becomes the sci-fi, space-age, roleplaying game everyone always wanted. You don't HAVE to do the main quest (I highly reccomend you do, because of the loot), you can do whatever the hell you want, when you want to. You can be an explorer, a lone interplanetary mass murderer destroying every living thing he sees, the choice is yours.There are millions of generated planets, and you will NEVER find one thats exactly the same. The look and feel of the game is amazing, and the models and icons are colorful and vibrant. The animations also surpass terraria by a LOT.All in all, amazing game, with amazing potential for the future. Now set off! There are planets to explore! Monsters to kill! A Galaxy to save!10/10"
76561198084184770,Recommended,211820,8587514,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,"Falcor, The Wishing Dragon","If you enjoyed Terraria then you'll probably get a kick out of this little jewel. Almost as simple to pick up as Terraria and just about as addicting too. This game shows so much promise for being an early access game. I love the idea behind the design and gameplay. This game is going to be a good hit when it is released.However, with all this said, the game (in its current state) is not very well organized or optimized, pusing even high-end PCs to their limits. I have problems running the game at points due to mass amounts of lag, especially when their are many NPCs on the screen like towns and certain dungeons. The idea of infinite world possibilites that you can discover leads players to want to actually explore the universe that they spawned in, never knowing what to expect on the next planet you happen to travel too. The game also offers cameos to other games such as FTL and Minecraft, which some people seem to have an issue with, but I think they're right at home.Probably the best aspect of the game right now, which many will disagree with me, is the ability to build mass structures very quickly and easily. You can literally just stand there and build walls 30 to 40 blocks up in the air, making creating large structures quickly and efficently. If the idea is there, you can make just about anything your little heart desires, in a realitively small amount of time. Of course, large structures will take much more time. The combat is fairly basic so far as the monsters do not have many emotions and attack strategies, either they ignore your presences or charge right for you. Which these behaviors can be improved with the large amount of mods already available to players created by other dedicated players.As I stated before, exploration is the key element this game is trying to offer. The infinte worlds idea is beautiful. Every world has its own unique feel and environment to an extent (Which the developers are working to make every single world as diverse as possible). With that, you will see some worlds feel like others, but there will be vast differences if you explore the surface and see the art that went into the design of the worlds. At later points in the game, mining and exploring become somewhat stale as there isnt much end-game content as far as exploration, but the game seems to focus mainly on end-game content which makes you, as the player, want to immerse yourself into the Starbound universe just to see whats out there.This game can be very addicting at times, (it has gotten me in trouble lol), but can give you want you've always wanted in a game, the freedom to do whatever you want when you want to. Tired of the world you're on? Fly to a different one. Tired of your house? Destroy it and build a new one. Tired of your home planet? Screw it, you'll find a better one. This game can offer so much and so much more. As I stated before, the modding behind this game can and will run deep as more and more creative players are intoduced to the Starbound environment. I say buy it now if you wish to support the development and test out the game for yourself. But if you can control that burning hole in your pocket, give it a time for the game currently experiences many character/universe wipes due to the mass amount of content the developers are putting into the game. Plus the current poor optimization and organization.Inconclusion, this game is very very promising for the future and is only looking to get better. Bravo Chucklefish and keep up the good work! For $15, its worth every penny."
76561198079940282,Recommended,211820,8589913,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,joshless1,"What can you say about Starbound?I could write about the massive scale of the game, or the survival elements like temperature and meteors, possibly the wide variety of enemies and objects. The improved formula that resembles Terraria? Yeah, lets go with that.Starbound is similar to Terraria but completely different from what you know. Terraria was just one world, admittedly you could make as many as you want,but they would all be similar, in Starbound you chose your planet (well apart from the first one), each having it's own monsters, trees, even the colour of the earth. But before you even get to that, you chose your race, with 6 at the moment and one more in the works there is more personal customisation that Terraria ever had.If this still isn't enough for you, don't take my word for it, read some of the other reviews they'll have more impressive arguements than mine. If this has helped, enjoy your own adventure among the stars."
76561198092441746,Recommended,211820,8597559,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Decent Duck,Best  frikin game ever
,Recommended,211820,8598790,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jim,Laugh hysterically as you brutally murder entire villages of NPCs because it's an effective way to get loot. 10/10
76561198085001304,Recommended,211820,8599939,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,CheatingDeath,soooooo much spaceeeeeee so little timeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,211820,8601204,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DragonSeeker,Very good game to play with friends.  Endless possiblilites and planets.  Harvest harvest harvest and build build build.  :D
,Recommended,211820,8607832,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,"""?Enhanc3Th3Grak3n¿""",I Love this GAME!!!
76561198044760599,Recommended,211820,8610204,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,The Donald,"This is an amazing game. At first i was hesitant to buy it because I thought it would just be an exact copy of Terraria. However I recently bought it anyway.When I first started playing I was confused at what I was supposed to do, but the tutorial/quests at the beginning really helped.Starbound has a really cool soundtrack, and a fairly simple yet fun fighting system. Sometimes, you'll land on a planet and it will be freezing cold and you'll die instantly, or you'll spawn in a village and meet cool new villagers. Most of the time however you find a clean planet with the odd small dungeon. This game is only in beta so it crashes every once-in-a-while, and some of the descriptions for items and such aren't done yet, but it has a lot of potential.I hate comparing games to other games, but if I had to compare this to Terraria, Starbound, in beta, already has way more to do than Terraria, and there is a better feel to the game. This will definitely be one of the must have games in the future. I can't wait to see where the developers will take this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8611003,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,ǀмƲєяѕαuツ,"Este juego, pese a estar en beta, está increiblemente trabajado.Cierto es,que es muy similar a Terraria, pero cuando epiezas a jugar te das cuenta de que tiene un estilo propio, y los parecidos que antes parecían abismales se reducen.Recomiendo este juego ya que tiene posibilidades casi infinitas, una mini-historia que ya se ampliará en un futuro no muy lejano, y una gran variedad de cosas que se puden realizar.Al principio, puede resultar bastante caótico, pero al acostumbrante te das cuenta de que un juego tan simple como este te puede ofrecer horas de diversión continua.Si alguna vez has jugado Terraria, este juego parece el adecuado para ti."
,Recommended,211820,8611269,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Slime,"this game is immensley fun, if you have never played a 2-d sandbox game. DO IT! You will get immersed into the world of exporing, building, and fighting your way to a good time. With new updates coming all the time, this game is well worth the money. Already in its beta stages it has alot to do. The quests are a little limited. BUT, you can explore planets. Fight bosse. Forge new weapons and armor. And make awesome equipment to help you in your journey. If you are thinking about buying this game. I would highly recommend it. Its not too impossible but defiently isn't  easy. THanks for reading, hope I helped!"
,Recommended,211820,8907969,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Archer,Despite being in early beta this game is tons of fun. 10/10 I fully recommend it.
76561198079471655,Recommended,211820,8914315,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Supr Men,love it
,Recommended,211820,8916588,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,my name is(n't) jeff,GREAT GAME! Me and my friend have a blast on here and it is also a great concept.
,Recommended,211820,8918066,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,{HOH} Spookhero,"wonderful game, Better with friends."
76561198052883400,Recommended,211820,8927124,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Pichael,A very unique game with many great aspects that significantly differentiate it from games like Minecraft and Terraria wrapped around the idea of traveling from planet to planet in search of similar species as well as animals that you can interact with! Starbound also offers a wide range of items and ores to be found which will help on your travels! For a game that is only in its beta the developers have leapt and bound great distances to create such an extraordinary game!
76561198076741987,Recommended,211820,8927461,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,The Savory Savior,"I really enjoy playing this game, there are a few glitches here and there but that is what makes it fun. You can excpect the unexcpected. There are crazy and unique monsters on every planet and I love the fact that you can download a mod to customize your ship (at least once my computer lets me download it). Plus it has a sort of minecraft feel to it but more open and free. And there are alot of secret weapons to find along with tunels and some sort of cult associations that form in temples that you can raid and take their stuff. So I highly recommend buying and playing this game because it is very intertaining and i think someone will probably make minigames for it sometime in the future ,but probably not right away but i think if someone does that it will grow into something more.THE  END"
76561198068072095,Recommended,211820,8931061,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,sircuddlewuddle,This game is addicting and fun
,Recommended,211820,8932173,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,KyuuBi+,Awesome game!!
,Recommended,211820,8938317,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,The Bad Doctor,Best 80 hours of my life! i have had this for 5 days and have 80 hours now! i am so addicted definetly a 10/10 game! nice job chucklefish!
,Recommended,211820,8941236,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Bledge,"Soundtrack is amazing and the gameplay is great! i highly, HIGHLY recommend this"
,Recommended,211820,8946562,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Svalbard Global Weed Vault,you can bring down a flying saucer by leaping up to hit it with a steel chair or throwing needles at itgoty 12/10
,Recommended,211820,8949961,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Leech,"Strong motivational course from the beginning till the arrival to Sector X. Contains a good amount of content, specially for a beta like this. Having wiring already in the game at that point of production shows how much the creators care about implementing quality into this beauty.Definitely worth trying and losing your mind because you can't decide which awesome mod you would like to try next. Fully supported and very open.Multiplayer = probably the best thing ever in Starbound!"
76561198088597423,Recommended,211820,8950079,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Heroruzz,"Terraria but bigger, would be nice if it was easier to set up a free server"
,Recommended,211820,8952603,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,ChastenPlays,"Starbound is a wonderfull game for anyone into sci-fi, adventure or sandbox games. This game offers a unbelivably massive universe to explore with monsters to fight, dungeons to raid and bosses to kill."
76561198042108807,Recommended,211820,8956101,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Loy Donarillo,"It may look allot like Terreria but I assure you it is infinatly better in every way. I thought Terreria was alright at best, and I ♥♥♥♥in love this game. To think that this game is still only in Beta blows my mind. I can't wait till it is fully released and I can trully play the game at its full glory. It is one of those games that everyone should have. The only issue I have with it is that a large crate can only hold 16 items, but a small wooden chest can also hold 16 items, wat."
76561198084684104,Recommended,211820,8964190,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cmays00,I can Be a Space thug
76561198088094040,Recommended,211820,8969827,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,W0NDERB0Y,great game!!!
,Recommended,211820,8976520,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,[Zen]heretic,"dis game be good, u buy itspace is cool"
76561198120134020,Recommended,211820,8985258,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Ksenia,IT IS AWESOME COOL
76561198077246628,Recommended,211820,8990362,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Diggily Bums,awsome but i wish you can delete your own characters you dont use.
,Recommended,211820,9027332,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Juco52,"this game, Starbound has everything a builder,adventurer could want granted its hard to get used to in the beginingbut once you get used to it its amazing! plus all the planets you could visit and explore thats what makes this game so great. all the exploration! so i would recomend this game! BUY IT NOW"
76561198113241773,Recommended,211820,9050415,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Evbear,This game is amazing and only for ballers.
,Recommended,211820,9052362,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Xythe,I've played through twice to Tier 10 equipment and I'm still enjoying the game.
76561198093052056,Recommended,211820,9068670,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,SUCC,Amazing.. It seems like Terraria at first but completely different with beatiful soundtrack 9/10 cause its hard to find reliable servers
,Recommended,211820,9071681,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,fashowpro,Lot of fun big game good to play get a pc and you can do it baby wreck it on the dance floor haha
,Recommended,211820,9073432,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Flying Darcebar,Best. Game. Ever
,Recommended,211820,9073502,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pinhead Larry,If you're looking for a fun time. STOP. Then buy this game.
,Recommended,211820,9073593,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Bobby Panda,Very Good game. Like how it has story to it. The soundtrack dlc is a must cause the soundtrack is amazing.
,Recommended,211820,9074805,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,juggalonumber27,"This game, despite being in early beta, and despite having to start from scratch multiple times from character wipes (which, according to the dev will not happen again), i've never been so happy to start over.This game takes everything that Terraria popularized, and amps it up many many times over.Graphics wise, the game is beautiful. Lively, detailed sprites. Incredibly diverse environments. Wonderful lighting effects. I have no complaints at all in the graphics department. As the game gets patched more and more, we will get to see even more things: biomes, cities, planets, and of course, loot.Sound wise, the music is very minimal, but beautiful. A plethora of instruments, each with their own sounds, make player created music incredibly easy. While the music may not be as iconic or happy as Terrarias, its still good. My only complaint is the combat music. It is constantly fading in and out. In large battles, it isn't as big a deal. However, when you are on a low level planet and are maxed out 1 shotting everything, the constant interruption is kind of annoying. Also, no voices to speak of. It is still early so that may change. I don't expect fully voiced characters, but as of now, the only noises anything makes are when you hit them.... also, why do all the enemies sound like horses or pigs?Gameplay wise, it is very similar to Terraria (i know the comparison may annoy some gamers, but lets face it, Starbound wears its influence on its sleeve). A very simple ""left click foreground, right click background"" makes building a breeze. You don't have to build seperate walls and solid blocks anymore!The biggest gripe for me, game play wise, is combat. It is kinda boring. You can swing a weapon, or shoot a gun/bow... and thats it. No magic. No wands. Guns and swords. Thats it. It isn't even a deep combat system. You have one swing with your weapon. No combos, no alternate attacks, just.... swing. This is the thing i hope changes the most from now.So far, its early and Chucklefish have shown great interest in player feedback and have great dedication to the product. Every patch release is like a holiday and everyone logs on to see all the shiny new stuff. This is the best early access game i've played and I can't wait to see the direction Chucklefish takes this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,9077492,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MasterCrate,Im pretty sure the warp drive imbedded in your space craft is not backwords compatable to the coal engine.Fjucking PS3
,Recommended,211820,9082644,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Order,"Fantastic 2D sidescrolling sandbox. Tons of content and many, many planets, systems and universes to investigate. Even more fun on a server full of friends to explore the cosmos with.Note :At the moment I'd highly recommend to wait until full release before getting stuck into this game. You really don't want to burn out the gameplay before it's balanced and content complete etc."
76561198022336304,Recommended,211820,8266601,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Vayde_Knyght,"I would describe Starbound as a sandbox where you explore a galaxy in which most of the stuff (weapons you find [not craft], terrain, planets, enemies) is procedurally generated, so you're always exploring new stuff. Or, to quote Star Trek, ""To boldly go where no man has gone before."""
,Recommended,211820,8268609,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mutated Izzy,"Wow...Just wow...Only a couple of hours into the game and I find it challenging in certain ways and it's VERY fun. I still only have enough hours to count on my fingers but so far I can say this is a VERY good game. No matter what anybody else says, it's not Terraria, it's not minecraft, it's in a new frontier all on it's own. I mean c'mon....SPACE!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,8271843,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Colt,Awesome game!! I'm addicted.
,Recommended,211820,8274183,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,bkloungin,"This game is awesome! If you like Minecraft or Terraria, this is a must have!"
76561198062664623,Recommended,211820,8274486,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,fatbaldman,awesome game. lots of potential
,Recommended,211820,8274487,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,mynameisaradiamegido,STarbound is amazing so fun especially with friends
,Recommended,211820,8276209,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,seeker_18,So far soo good keep on going guys lets get this out of beta and too the world as completed Love these type of games i have about 3 people at work wanting to play but not until it is out of beta
76561198113819263,Recommended,211820,8281244,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,OO_KILLEM17,"If you enjoy platforming, intergalactic exploration, crafting, and building this is the game for you. Being incredibly similar to Terraria, it adds so much to the genre with seemingly endless content to discover. Starbound is a great deal for the money, its a highly addictive, player friendly, 2D platformer."
,Recommended,211820,8282979,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ShadyBusiness,out of this worldquite literallybuy it now
,Recommended,211820,8409485,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Chunk,Its a nice game but a small bit short. (still alpha)
,Recommended,211820,8411032,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Josh,very chill game
76561198060846414,Recommended,211820,8412777,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,blooper6,"I have to say,Starbound is such an exellent game.  I give it a 9.2/10 for all of it's great features.  Starbound is a great game of exploring,splunking,crafting,and creativitiy! Starbound is to me,a must buy!"
,Recommended,211820,8415295,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SSJ Imran,Game is fluid and action packed well worth the money 5/5 !
,Recommended,211820,8417521,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Spudredhead1,"starbound is a game that lets you become the pilot of a space ship in search of coal and other resorces in order to advance deeper into the game. although still in early beta the game runs smoothly and is visualy apealing although making it a bit hard to reach the ""endgame"" items might be more benifical in the long haul. all in all i recomend buying starbound for $15 you get a game that is fun and highly modable."
76561198077941835,Recommended,211820,8424924,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,discodexan,good game
,Recommended,211820,8427662,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,マイケル,Creative game for creative people.
,Recommended,211820,8431140,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ted Brogan,Amazing spiritual sequal to Terraria. Can't wait to see where this game goes.
76561197962658599,Recommended,211820,8432736,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,thevetch,This game gets better everytime it updates!
,Recommended,211820,8438697,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TAIGA,awesome game like terraria in space
,Recommended,211820,8439201,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cojiro,"This game is like Terraria if you could go into space with an awesome ship and tons of better crafting, building, and exploring features. Definitely reccomend for hours of fun with friends."
76561198042609348,Recommended,211820,8439819,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,zebrathinker,"Insanely addictive, I can't wait for more updates."
,Recommended,211820,8440977,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tealord,3 Days and im only 8 hours behind terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8441971,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bandit,the best game i had ever played. you must get this game
,Recommended,211820,8443569,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Axel,"Buy this game, and sell your soul for all the deliscious updates yet to come.And to the Avian race, Cross planetary birds ftw"
,Recommended,211820,8443974,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lord Striker,Very fun game if you have played terraria then you would like this because its just like that but in space
76561197983384058,Recommended,211820,8444052,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sandman,"If you like Terraria, give this a try. You'll love it."
76561198010000193,Recommended,211820,8444467,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,manassajake,Amazing game!! Terraria in space!!!
76561198010206322,Recommended,211820,8444590,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,UnknownKnightsZ,Love and Love This game enjoyable and addict!! Must play
,Recommended,211820,8449871,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Tuccii,"This game... wow... First off, a lot of games boast about ""uh exploration, expansive worlds, ADVENTURE SO CEWL RIGHT??"" But never before have I actually been delivered what has been promised and more. To list some attributes: Interesting and infinite worlds to explore. Unique races and AI who inhabit said worlds. Both the Races and their AI have their own technologies, DISTINCT cultures, and hostilities. Survival, although simple, is still engaging. Looting is fun and rewarding. Growing through your gear instead of a leveling system is great, and encourages even more exploration to become stronger. Creating objectives by yourself creates a genuine feeling of curiosity and wonder. And oh my god the game is so versatile that being with your friends could be a hardcore, legitimate quest, or, you can just fool around and play music together. I believe the whole retro aesthetic is necessary in its art, because of its contrast and uniqueness. Starbound with its size and beauty simply can not be captured on 3D rendered models as it is with its 32 bit style. Despite all this, it only cost 15 dollars max? The fact this game isn't very well known and isn't in some ""Top Ten Games of the Year""  bugs me. Definitely a game worth getting or at the least looking into. tl;dr 10/10 would space again (though you would earn some serious respect if you read all of this just sayin)"
,Recommended,211820,8387754,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dasyati,"I've been coming back to this game any time there's a major update.  Make no mistake though, this is Early Access for a reason; every new update introduces as many new bugs as it does new features.  Game balance fluctuates wildly between updates as well, so don't be surprised if your invincible tank of a character today finds itself getting slaughtered by birds tomorrow.  However they've been good about getting feedback on their forums and patching up fatal flaws when they get reported.The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful, as is the artwork.  The crafting interface is far less aggravating than in other games of this type.  There is a lot of content and a LOT of items to collect.  The mod community is also pretty active, and the more popular user creations can even end up in the next official patch if they're good enough.The map and most of the attributes for each planet are generated off of the same random seed for everyone, so players can share coordinates with one other when they make interesting discoveries.  However once you've seen one prefab village and/or underground complex, you've pretty much seen all of that type of building; and finding good item drops within them is rare.  You'll need todig down towards the planet's core (i.e. all the way down to the magma layer)to find the cool stuff.Building your own home base is also rather unnecessary so far, although they've been trying to make it more appealing to have one.  You can beam back to your home planet for free now, but you can also get away with just having your ship as your base of operations (you can even grow your crops on it).  The one downside is that your ship is incredibly cramped compared to a multi-story house/castle.Bear in mind that any and all of the above issues could very well disappear in future patches, and even more content is being added all the time.  This game is fantastic for its current state of development, and I'm looking forward to everything the Starbound team still has in the works for it.P.S. no comment yet on the ""pets"" mechanic as I have yet to successfully catch one.  Yes, you can catch pets."
,Recommended,211820,8397328,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,🎃SpookyNacho🎃,"Man this game is great, just buy it."
76561197987860599,Recommended,211820,8034828,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,PVT Adeptus [25th ARAIG],"All i can say is, that this game is up until now ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awsome! If you like to create your own world, explore thousend of planets and create a whole universe you will love this game!New updates give the game some new balance acts and more quests, up until now you can go to tier 5 / 10Look at some youtube videos and build your own oppinion. In this phase of the game your in the middle of the creating process. Now, after playing some hours, my thought is, that i spend more then 50 € for other games and played them half the time. My advice is: Play this game!"
,Recommended,211820,8035587,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Gnarland,"this game is extroidary. It has so much to do, so early on."
,Recommended,211820,8035638,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,THE DAB KING,way better than Terraria
,Recommended,211820,8035904,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Lyrical,AMAZING
76561198042000618,Recommended,211820,8035906,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Philboi,Great game. Like terraria with a lot more exploration.
,Recommended,211820,8036212,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Echowavez,crashes need to be fix but good game over all
,Recommended,211820,8036549,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,The Floor,"Terraria with a greater focus on exploration, have enjoyed my time with it so far."
76561198044823932,Recommended,211820,8036806,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Lazy-Assed-Swami,"An amazing game and it's only in beta, after just 15 minutes I couldn't get away from it, it really makes you want to see and explore more with all the different environments and creatures and the music is really amazing really relaxing and warm. Its a must buy from me."
,Recommended,211820,8036907,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mr.B,IT IS FUN SPACE CRAFT TIME!
,Recommended,211820,8037741,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Richard M. Stallman,"The adventure game Minecraft wanted to be, and the RPG that Terraria wanted to be, set in space.Oh, and it runs on Linux, unlike Terraria, and doesn't need Java to run, unlike Minecraft. So it's basically perfect."
,Recommended,211820,8038695,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Gadzooks,"A more challenging, nicer looking, more vast form or Terraria. Takes awhile to really get your feet off the ground, but can be a ton of fun."
,Recommended,211820,8040004,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,bustext,"Despite being in Beta, this game is AWESOME. Best $15 I've spent ina while."
,Recommended,211820,8041086,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,StBlaize,"I'm gonna quickly sum this up:Do not let the graphics get you down, this is one of the best games ever made.Everything promised in the description is delivered. This isn't like a lot of Beta games where what you get is kind of rubbish still, this feels like a completed game.The universe is infinite, the items and monsters seem endless. You will discover unique things on each and every of the infinite amount of planets.Please, spend the $15. It will be the best $15 you have spent on Steam.Ps. Much better that Terraria"
,Recommended,211820,8043958,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Sherm the Noopy Emone :^),"Already feels deeper and more immersive than Terraria or Minecraft ever did, and it's essentially an alpha (despite being called Beta). The developers are amazing and spend a huge amount of time listening to suggestions and using player input to shape the game. 11/10"
,Recommended,211820,8045518,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,SamPink,"Great game a little glitch but has so much potential.Graphics/Art: 8/10Gameplay: 10/10Music: 10/10Playability: 7/10Overall: 9/10Great game even at such an early playable. Definetly worth the money, I'd reccomend it to any indie game fan of games like Terraria, and Minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,8045686,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mckernan28,This game is so awesome it's like Terraira but way better with weird monsters and little bosses and dungeons!
,Recommended,211820,8046265,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Hugglebutt,everyone get this now
76561198079598882,Recommended,211820,8046616,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,LizzardWizzard,Yes
,Recommended,211820,8538966,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,blah1,"I honestly probably wouldn't have bought it if I knew how beta it was still, but it was still quite enjoyable to play with what's in it so far"
76561198079473224,Recommended,211820,8540097,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,CreatiV | Joel,Its a very nice game i like this more then Terraria or Minecraft. i think the Story is very short but this game is a Early Access game and i hope the next Updates are very nice.
,Recommended,211820,8540292,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Easyspeeze,"This game fully satisfies my need for space exploration and adventure. Whether it's breaking into an abandoned high security prison on some desert planet or building a colossal science lab inside an asteroid, I always know that when I load up this game I will have an awesome time!"
,Recommended,211820,8541580,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mr.PersonMan,"Great Game, fun with friends"
,Recommended,211820,8542753,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ZombieslayR,"If you've read other peoples reviews of this you'll be aware that this game is essentially a terraria clone, and if you've read my review of terraria you'll be aware that I hated that game.However for some reason I love this one, theres actually stuff to do it in and it requires your attention more than terraria, in the sence that you're not just sat there next to a door waiting, instead you're trying to find fuel for your ship that will take you to new planets.Additionally the not dying but instead being returned to your ship waiting for a clone to be born is a cool feature as you're not punished for dying.In conclusion; as I'm ill and tired, all I can really say about this game is; even though its in beta, if you dont own it; you should."
,Recommended,211820,8544036,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zendif,"For those of you who like Terraria and even Minecraft, this is the game for you.Not only does it have the same qualities from each game, it's also got an added feature that uses your space ship in order to travel to other worlds!Already dug out your whole world or are getting bored of the same place? Just fly to a new planet and discover some civilizations or other-worldly creatures that could give you some pretty sweet gear!I really enjoy playing Starbound and look forward to what their future has in store for us!"
76561198047371236,Recommended,211820,8545587,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BlueHaze,Gonna be a really good game when the character whipes are over with and a few things are adjusted.
76561197973618862,Recommended,211820,8546920,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,kinetic killer,bamfe
,Recommended,211820,8548635,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,OctoMan,Love the game cant wait for ship upgrades
,Recommended,211820,8549337,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,_bonski,"This game has still lots of bugs to fix.. but the heck with it! I'm already loving this game and stopped playing Terraria because of this! I wonder though if the defense turret costing only 1 pixel via the 3D printer is a bug or an effect of a previously picked up item. I guess much or all of my concerns are already written on the known bugs page so i'll just wait for them to get fixed, quick!"
76561198055644652,Recommended,211820,8550538,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mix,"If you don't have this game, GET IT. Especially if you like terraria. This is basically terraria in space with randomly generated monsters and different races, not as many bosses and stuff but it is in early access so there will be heaps added soon."
,Recommended,211820,8556172,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Vladimir Lenin,A beautifully put together game! The lighting is beautiful. There is so much content you never will know if you discovered it all.  Many different races to choose from with each their own unique armor set. I only have one thing to complain about an that is the friendly NPCs. There are no depth to them. It's just wrong that you haven't bought this game!
,Recommended,211820,8556534,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Ringo Mandingo,Get this game and play with me. ITS AWSOME !!!!
76561198080185743,Recommended,211820,8559242,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Streetlamp LeMoose,Really fun. Ridiculously addicting.
,Recommended,211820,8076292,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Fox,jebacki zarazno
,Recommended,211820,8077443,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,H. L. Longboy,♥♥♥♥ Toucan Sam.
76561198026004121,Recommended,211820,8077924,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Ducksey,"Starbound is by far one of the best games I have played this year.The game's concept features awesome core game mechanics set place in a 2D environment following the example set by games like Terraria and even Minecraft - explore, build, survive and evolve. In Starbound the mood is a combination of the player's imagination, a sense of adventure, a great soundtrack and the ever-changing environment.Still currently an Early Access Game and Starbound already manages to grip the player after the first few minutes into the game. Right from the start you get a rare sensation of a massive open universe with endless possibilities, a rich immersive world opens around you and you get to decide what to do. After playing the game for tens of hours you still keep running into new content and find new ways of doing things.The dev team really seems to listen to players and so new content and ideas get updated to the game on a regular basis. New game mechanics, more things to do, more items to craft and places to explore - more everything.Besides being totally worth its price now, Starbound has a lot of potential and will most definitely keep on growing into a more and more beautiful gaming experience."
,Recommended,211820,8083382,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,BeEatNU,"Awesome game and this is just in beta, should be interesting seeing how the finish product will turn out."
76561198027183874,Recommended,211820,8086630,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,MidnightRodeos,"Awesome and addictive game, Still in Beta but its great! The only downfall is after you beat it with no new updates, theres not much to do.."
76561198012451263,Recommended,211820,8087342,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Hoots,"Amazing game, and it's still in beta.15/10"
,Recommended,211820,8098344,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TOASTY!,"Had never played Terraria; barely played Minecraft. For some reason, after watching the trailer I was intrigued. I've seen some online posts about this game, but never bothered because I thought it was one of those Terraria/Minecraft wannabee games. But I bought it. Why? It must be the Sci-Fi aspect to it. It's in space! One hour into the game, I was hooked. I never liked mining in Minecraft, but in this game... it's like you have to get it just in case you'd need it in the future. I might not have the patience for mining blindly in the 3D environment so the 2D environment for Starbound helped in me liking the mining aspect of this game. There's more to this than mining. You have exploration, and each planet is unique with its own biome, creatures, villages,  dungeons, hidden dungeons, etc. It's still in Beta, but at this stage, the game is looking promising. The $15 price tag is worth it. A caveat! Since it's still in Beta, expect some character wipes."
76561198053532357,Recommended,211820,8099151,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ChapterOmega,"This game takes everything I loved in terraria and improves on it.  Harder trash mobs, more ore, more weapons, different races etc.  Add in the fact that you can travel to different planets and there will actually be a storyline and you have the workings of a great game.  Already spent 12 hours + playing it before my character got wiped, can't wait for the finished product!!"
76561198007101562,Recommended,211820,8099854,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Drenix,"How do i even begin to explain this game. Hmmn, i could say its a side scrolling Minecraft/Terra hybrid with RPG undertones.Even as a PRE ALPHA its very hard to any find bugs...unless thier trying to kill you, if i didnt know it better id say it was complete, for a 8/16bit looking game its very immersive, easilly could loose yourself for hours and for a lack of a better word one that i dont normally associate with a game, beautiful. 4.5/5"
76561198053376532,Recommended,211820,8102536,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,obren1977,One of the best side scrolling games I have played in years. Only problem needs more quests and more end game content. I fill it was to easy for me to get the best armor and weponds. This game has huge potential. I hope they add more armor and wepond sets needs more than just 10 tiers. All in all its a good game well worth 15 bucks. I play this game alot with my two kids age 8 and 11 thay love it :) KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK !
,Recommended,211820,8102910,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,GingelDoof,Pixel Boobs....  in other words super game go buy it if you have the cash.
76561198118155721,Recommended,211820,8106259,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,King Pigeon,Radical
,Recommended,211820,8107780,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,The Once And Future Krampus,It's pretty good.
,Recommended,211820,8107975,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,PiddleMonster,Do you like space?  Like building?  Like loot?  Like upgrading gear? Like crafting? Fighting? Multiplayer? Open worlds?  Open Galaxies?  Then stop reading and buy this game.
,Recommended,211820,8108407,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Wholesome Memes,actually a really good game so far and even now it offers sooo much more entertainment than terraria despite having less features cause its in early alpha
,Recommended,211820,8108813,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,RedBaron,"Terraria in Spaaaaaace. It's awesome, get it."
,Recommended,211820,8109460,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,♥❤💓💔💟,I like to think of it as Terraria 2. It's still amazing despite being a beta. I suggest getting it now before it is complete so you can get a better deal on it.
,Recommended,211820,8110012,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,[GOTR] Haxta,"Even in an early Beta state it has brought back that ""SNES"" feel of gaming with the depth I have come to expect from a modern title. Many hours of unexpected fun so far, I'm looking forward to more."
,Recommended,211820,8111076,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Decados,"Different enough from Terraria, keeping the good thing from the game and adding / fixing enough to be quite fun!"
76561197986279830,Recommended,211820,8111550,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,TehShellstation,Really great game so far! Once everything is worked out this game will steal hours of your life sometimes you might even forget to poo >_>
,Recommended,211820,8116067,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,The Chiefu,"Even though I have only played for 25 Hours and most definitely counting, this game is perfect for a Sandbox Universe exploration and mining game. Just think, Terraria in Space. I was not interested at all in the concept but once I played it hooked me in for the entire weekend. The game mechanics are great and I like the survival aspect of having to keep yourself warm and fed. There was thousands of cool and interesting house pieces and weaponry within the first hour of playing. I generally play with a guide but, for a challenge I tried it without one and the in game crafting taught me a lot.I recommend this to anyone who loves to explore space and live on randomly generated planets, and fight for survival. Also, make sure to keel lots of coal because you'll need it for fuel and plenty of lighting."
,Recommended,211820,8116352,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Emil Hagberg,"Awesome music, Great looking graphics, lots of usefull items, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of useless decorations. This game is amazing"
76561198079245461,Recommended,211820,8116529,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,i'm comin' fo da booty,adadadadawdad wdwdafpaopnfapfoanofj sofpasopf aso0f aos fopasopåfj  (so good i can't discribe it with words)
,Recommended,211820,8118235,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Choco,"Terraria on space drugs, great beta."
,Recommended,211820,8121285,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,ZazieTheBeast,very fun
76561198019480235,Recommended,211820,8121749,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,legacyhax,"Those of you who have heard or are saying this is just ""Terraria"" are dead wrong. I LOVE Terraria, very much. I have played for a long long time now but I will tell you that while the graphics and mechanics may be similar, the level of exploration is FAR FAR beyond that of Terraria.If the developer continues to constantly release new updates without taking long haitus's then this game will keep me entertained for years to come.Don't miss your chance to get this now and watch the game grow into it's final phase of release. The updates are spot on with community feedback and the dedication of the developer seems unmatched.Yay for StarBound!P.S. Ok, so I gave it a positive review. Do I get the free 10 copies of StarBound now that I was promised? ;-p"
,Recommended,211820,8121957,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Healark,"pretty good game for a beta, there is a ton of potential but as i said already somewhat addictive as a beata. look forward to finished game"
,Recommended,211820,8122019,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tororn,One of the best sandbox games I have ever played.
,Recommended,211820,8123971,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Pooky,"Great Game! Could use some trading cards, but other than that, Amazing!"
,Recommended,211820,8125258,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Shambles,THIS GAME IS FANTASTIC AND GREAT.
76561197977379826,Recommended,211820,8126168,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DonRob,Seems like it should be good when fully released!
,Recommended,211820,8126582,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,『Λѕcнeɴтe』 アッシェン,Awesome :D
,Recommended,211820,8128036,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,xTUx quietdeath,it's a pretty awesome game i like the fact that they allow you to mod the game i cannot wait till it's full release.
,Recommended,211820,8128128,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,KofH <3,this may only be that start to this game and when more quest are  add this will be a very fun game
76561197994928282,Recommended,211820,8130200,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Rainbonoob,Great fun. If you like Minecraft or Terraria you will love this. Seriously; buy it.
,Recommended,211820,8130355,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cox,"This is seriously my favorite game by far. Everything I ever wanted in a video game has finally been created, and not only that but it has been made by people that truly listen to their fanbase. I can't wait for more exciting updates!"
76561198080673479,Recommended,211820,8131477,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,JediBulldog,it is amazing. it is on mac. it is better than terraria!
76561198081148716,Recommended,211820,8131885,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Im bad,"i cant really review this game untill it starts working (launcher isnt working) and if anyone is reading this and knows a solution my email isdragoongag10@yahoo.comand please give me valid information. also my computer is a toshiba,ive played 5 times before this stopped working (i dont know if it exactly 5 times but more then 3 times) so i dont know what to do. i have windows vista and ive tried many things as far as restarting my computer to copying files and storing them in new locations. but besides my troubles the first about 8.4 hours of my gameplay was amazing i love then feel to the game,the music puts a nice atmosphere into the game,and theres so many things to craft! i give this game a 9/10 just because the launcher wont work but its might just be my favorite game!  and its still in beta! all i have to say is its a overall great game and i love it :P ."
76561197991603176,Recommended,211820,8132906,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tyggna,This isn't your typical early-access.  This is a full game with more being added to it.  I didn't particularly enjoy Terraria--though it wasn't a bad game.  I LOVED this game.  The attention to detail on gameplay is amazing and there is currently only one situation I find myself in that is a little less-than-fun (climbing up to the surface after mining deep down).  Even that isn't bad once you get all the upgrades.
,Recommended,211820,8136292,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ceero,"Hooked!Even though it's only in beta, 2.5 hours in and i'm already addicted.it's very similar to Terraria but think bigger; likeWay Bigger. With things like Randomly generated worlds, weapons, mobs etc, you'll be sure to be playing this for a long time. Definately a must have!!"
,Recommended,211820,8151431,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Earthylene,"Very fun, Very Addict, A lot of content and Discover Cheer!!"
,Recommended,211820,8153330,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Swankd,"The game is amazing so far. There is so much to do and so many different features to use. There is a vast amount of weapons and equipment, and it continues to grow! Chucklefish is updating and updating the beta like crazy! Almost every time I log in, they have added more and more stuff. I don't mind the character wipes, because it allows you to try out new stuff they have added. It's beta, and we are here to help them improve the game. Chucklefish listens to their community. If you have a good idea of something to add to the game, they are all ears. Not many game companies do this. I've enjoyed the beta so much and look foward to playing the game clear after the final version has been released!"
,Recommended,211820,8155812,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Tylerjku,Terraria on crack!
,Recommended,211820,8155860,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,R a m e n,I like That
,Recommended,211820,8156650,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,UglyTomato,"Honestly where do I begin? Going into this game I had some pretty high expectations. Expectations that weren't planned to be broken. However even in its Alpha version this is one of the most fun games I have ever played. Being in Alpha there a few bugs and glitchs, however this game is constantly being fixed and improved evryday! The gameplay is great and progesses very well. Theres also a very indepth story and side stories to follow along if you wish. (Recommend)My absolute favourite aspect of this game has to be the Music. I SERIOUSLY recommend buying the Soundtrack for this game. I LOVE the music that comes with this game. 60 Songs, 5 Hours and 44 Minutes worth of brilliantly composed songs. This game woundn't be the same with out.Overall an amazing game and so glad to see this Indie game hit the big leagues!"
,Recommended,211820,8159781,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[BT] Basher,"This game has incredible potential, it's already incredibly fun and addictive. The devs are really tuned into the community's requests and seem like all around pretty cool d00dz."
,Recommended,211820,8160544,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Look a Bird,"First thought honestly about this game, PSH some Terraria Rip off. After multiple streams and and video watching i was crazy for the game and bought it. After 1 hour of playing, I was already addicted. This game is not really confusing, probably because of the tutorial. The combat system is wierd but can get used to after a few fights. Still addicted to it now even while playing it without friends.This game has already gotten me confused with Terraria controls but I still play them both.Of course i recommend this game because im typing it now."
,Recommended,211820,8163263,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ruffz,Nice..
76561198084142174,Recommended,211820,8166710,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,2B,"starbound is a epic, majestic, amazing game and is well worth the $17 (australian dollars)this revew by catman5713"
,Recommended,211820,8167087,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Ama,"Awesome game that has everything you wish Minecraft and Terraria did, and its only in beta!!"
,Recommended,211820,8170117,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,dowroa,"High level: Terraria++++The polish and fun in this game, at this point, is outstanding. I have already put in 50+ hours just on the first planet. Digging/mining is a lot more efficent, the search capability in the inventory is great, and the game is just fun. The amount of updates and design plans the developers have for this game, in my opinion, is ridiculous. Other planets, work on asteriods, moddable ships... it is very large in scope and very impressive already.The network/multiplayer ability is already there as well, but you have to know how to setup port forwarding on your router, and you are good to go. The host connects to the local loopback for the hosting machine (127.0.0.1) and your friends connect to your ISP IP @ port you set. Please remember to remove all the backdoors from the .ini file if you have concerns baout security/other people getting on.Overally, this is a great multiplayer, chill, exploration game. Please note there are still character wipes that will happen until they add the feature for no more character wipes (they are hoping next release at the time of this writing).Get the game, play with friends and enjoy the experience. Just realize until the formal release that you might have to start over. :)"
,Recommended,211820,8176628,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Serthena,"I really love this game. It feels like Terraria, looks like Terraria, and basically is Terraria BUT IN SPACE! What more could you ask for. Seemingly endless possibilities await in this game, and I am excited to be along for the ride. 9.5/10"
76561198047380262,Recommended,211820,8179997,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Iron Tarkus,"Starbound is what i call a exploratory open-world action adventure craft 'em up in space, that is VERY reminisent of Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,8180327,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,NULL,"Amazing take on a 2D crafting game similar to that of Terraria. The effects of the game still being in beta can be frustrating with character wipes and still a few bugs to work out. but it is in a very playable state if you have a medium to high end computer. Lower end computers may run into more issues that will make the game barely playable, so if you have a low end system I recommend waiting til they finish their beta run.I highly recommend this game if you like Minecraft or Terraria. It takes what Terraria has done and went beyond it with being able to travel to other worlds. The randamization of enemies, worlds, weapons, towns, etc. makes for endless fun."
,Recommended,211820,8182960,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Snaptem,#plutonium +1
76561197976228677,Recommended,211820,8183160,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Lewiddyion,"Terraria in space, with much much more potential."
,Recommended,211820,8185068,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Juno Brier,I'll keep it short: A game that lets you play as an axolotl-man zipping across the landscape at high speeds while playing Flowering Night on a koto MUST be awesome.
,Recommended,211820,8188144,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Anime_Lover_8,"I wouldn't say its exactly worth 15 dollars as it is. It is in beta, so new stuff will be added, but if you are going to buy it now, be prepared for a strong beginning to the game, but a slow grinding finish that is very unsatisfying. There are many opporotunities in the game to cheat, which include coordinates that can be shared with others in order to find very good items without any work. Even with these items though, you will always be incredibly weak at the next up in the threat level order, which is annoying as it feels that all the work you did in the previous planets was for nothing and you have to constantly die until you find a decent weapon or give up and search for the coordinates online. Despite all the shortcomings of this game, which I would expect to be fixed in the future regardless, the game is very entertaining for a majority of the time spent playing it. I had fun exploring the surface of planets and coming across some strange structure I had never seen before, and then decorating my home with some of the interesting looking decorations I found inside them. I would definitely reccomend this game, despite all its faults."
,Recommended,211820,8189425,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Shen,Excellent sandbox universe ready to explore :)
,Recommended,211820,8193582,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ola Kapeni,Great game
,Recommended,211820,8211581,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,2+2 is 4. Minus 1 is 3. MATHS,Good!
,Recommended,211820,8213907,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Esperagon,"This game is Terraria meets Faster Than Light. Space explortion mixed with survival is one of the best ideas for games in a while.  With a variety of races and different styled equipment for these races, Starbound is an experience that is unrivaled and I have enjoyed putting many hours into exploreing the wide worlds offered by its universe."
,Recommended,211820,8214356,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,yaboiksar,It's Minecraft in space with more bad guys and better weapons. And you can jump planets!Having a blast playing.
76561198002404925,Recommended,211820,8216180,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Egshell,"Quite fun, definitely look forward to future updates."
,Recommended,211820,8218015,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,icepicker,"As everyone says it is like Terraria but it does have potential to be much bigger as you can travel to different moons/planets in the randomly generated universe.So you have a lot more biomes to explore and NPCs to talk and fight (mostly fight).  There are (at least in my experience so far) a lot more NPC village/building/structures that appear on the worlds than the few that appear on a Terraria map.(It also has a lot more decorative items but who actually cares about these mostly non-functional items? Maybe for a few seconds it's fun to see a coke vending machine in your house but...)With the promise of more content to come (it's in beta at the time of this review) and the large variances in enemies, stuff to craft and do, it looks like a fun place to waste time grinding instead of studying/working. 7.5/10"
76561197993723084,Recommended,211820,8218895,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kadere,Still in beta so a little buggy (My UI seems to like to disappear) SHows alot of promise. If you like terraria you will probably like starbound more.
76561198113088709,Recommended,211820,8225721,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,EnglandIsMYCity,Starbound is a great game but it lags really badly for me.It could just be my internet but please look into it.
,Recommended,211820,8225979,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,d@rkf1r3ph03n1x,"An amazingly entertaining game with endless potential for adventure. A blast to play with friends! If an epic adventure across the universe collecting loot and conquering worlds, and harvesting resources sounds like fun, then this is the game for you."
76561198062660203,Recommended,211820,8227954,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Gorbin,"Starbound is an amazing action-adventure game where the sky isnt the limit, travel to various planets for resources and find numerous monsters and fight bosses well worthy of the title. Starbound is an amazing game and any day ill recomend it 9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8229487,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hoodoojuju,Early access with some problems and some character wipes but still incredibly fun.
76561198085680378,Recommended,211820,8236201,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hanzo Main,teleporting to planets is a little buggy but it still is a good game i love it
76561198104657924,Recommended,211820,8236469,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tomanc,Such a good game. Very interesting idea and will be even better when the full game is released!
76561198017754117,Recommended,211820,8236545,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Zandi<3,"This game is amazing, if you like Minecraft, you should really buy it!"
76561198064182358,Recommended,211820,8239950,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Bev The Hedge,"I'm a naked hissing plant man who beat a body slamming rabbit creature to death with a sword, I also built santas beard to wear. You make your decision"
76561198042664563,Recommended,211820,8242551,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Azathoth,"This is a damn nice game. In my personal opinion it is exponentially better then ""Terraria"" I would say grab this game over Terraria. You will enjoy this one more."
76561198073497973,Recommended,211820,8243351,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Blue Turret,It was a very fun and educational game!
76561198045377236,Recommended,211820,8246677,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Raz,Like Terraria But Better...
,Recommended,211820,8246790,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ThistleVix,Music enhances the atmosphere. Great variety of atmospheres on different planets especially the graavity levels. Very fun when playing multiplayer.
,Recommended,211820,8247032,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,XT Vengeance,"Well, this is definitely one of the most fun games I have played in a long time, and it isnt even out of beta yet! I strongly suggest giving Starbound a try."
,Recommended,211820,8256334,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Blair (onion water),ITS REALLY GOOD
,Recommended,211820,7921459,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Saarai90,"Amazing!  I can't believe this game just entered it's beta period, because I already think it has deeper gameplay and more content than similar games such as Terraria and Minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,7921478,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,asparagus orangatan,im so ♥♥♥♥ing lost nig
,Recommended,211820,7921480,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vole25,yes
,Recommended,211820,7927269,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Plop the Druid,The better Terraria
,Recommended,211820,7930147,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,kley,"Way better than terraria. Extremely much content to explore.This game is just AWESOME!My recommendation support it, and buy it!"
,Recommended,211820,7931360,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,casual david cage bingo,"This game is incredible! Great world generation an- Wait, did I say world, whups, I meant UNIVERSE. Gameplay is addictive, and entertaining, and there's always something around every corner just waiting to surprise you."
76561198055484215,Recommended,211820,7932253,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Chakram,"Starbound is such an amazing game, with many things to explore and find. With a beautiful landscape, and so many new creatures that are cute and terrifying. I love the character cutumization, and the most of all, the music is so peaceful and outstanding. This is truly a unique game that has great music, landscape, custumization and exploration."
,Recommended,211820,7934576,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rosolt,"I have been closely following this game every since I heard about it on r/games. I like many others love 2D games especially games like Terraria. This game is just that, but some much better. Whether it's complexity through it's many craftable items or legendary items or especially even it's amazing ability to get around using space travel. But they didn't stop there they even have magic powers and awesome mechs. The pixels look clean and the game is a blast to play, especially with friends. Just on the first day alone I played over 8 hours. The humor also in this game that I experienced over that time was just simply hilarious especially the terrorist penguins. Please if you haven't already purchased this game just buy right now, you won't regret it."
76561198088303142,Recommended,211820,7935608,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Industrial_Smut,Incrediblely addictive fun with endless possiblities! I Totally lost track of time in this SCI FI rpg-ish sandbox similiar to Terraria but way better!
,Recommended,211820,7936247,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,teh g,"Not going to lie, it is similar in looks and feel to Terraria. But it is Terraria on crack. The procedurally generated weapoins, creatures and planets are all wonderful. The fact that there is nearly limitless number of planets is amazing. Absolutely a fun game for an early access, I look forward to seeing where it goes as it hits release!"
,Recommended,211820,7937387,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Plague of Manus,This game is so addicting it reminds me of a old rpg i used to play called Albionit has alot going for it so far and I can't wait to see what is in store for this game
76561198025277624,Recommended,211820,7938831,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Turtwig257,"My friend recommended this game to me, and I have never been so happy about a recommendation than I have been with starbound. The possiblilites are endless. It takes the sandbox of Minecraft, the space exploration from FTL and the style of Terraria and makes them all have some sort of weird game baby. That's Starbound"
76561198035014834,Recommended,211820,7939963,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Smoker the White Hunter,"Amazing exploration RPG, as long as you aren't stuck up on things like graphics I HIGHLY reccommend this. Loads of content where everything isn't just given to you, and there are so many different building blocks there's just no end to the choices you have to build structures out of."
,Recommended,211820,7941501,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zack,If you liked Terraria then you will like this but even more so.
76561198052255960,Recommended,211820,7941672,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CptLavender,This is quite simply one of the best games I've played a lot of people compare it to Terraria but there is one difference that they cant quite seem to grasp and in this you actually make a name for yourself and you ultimatly feel very alone. I love that fact you are in complete solitude in singleplayer no one else is around and its like a coming of age cermony on that first planet you land on you are beaten to a pulp by the other creatures. But soon you rise above all of it and 3 hours in you cant help but look back and see how much youve grown in such a little amount of time you owe it to yourself to buy this game and play. This experiance is so raw and natural i love this game to death. And not to mention the sound track on this game is just amazing this has become one of my favourite games of all time its such a raw emotion i cant express it!
,Recommended,211820,7943622,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,PC 4 Life,"BETTER THAN TERRARIA!This game is a phonomenaly crafted space explorer with a terraria-like system of blocks and side scrolling, but it has a minecraft syle of crafting, each planet/moon has its own unique wildlife and flora. the soundtrack is amazing this game is defenitley one of the best  of this holiday seasonP.S. ITS STILL IN BETA SO MODS AND MORE CONTENT ON THE WAY!"
,Recommended,211820,7945672,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,CREAM,yes
,Recommended,211820,7946140,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Skoll_,Lovely... Cant wait to play it in co-op.
,Recommended,211820,7946581,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Exist,This takes all the things I love about terraria and minecraft but adds to it.  With it being early beta and so much more planned I can easily say I will spend a lot of time on this game.  This game will also support cross platform for you to enjoy with the peasants.
76561198049550175,Recommended,211820,7948261,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Solus Christus,"It makes terraria look like a demo!For a game in beta, it is exceptional!"
,Recommended,211820,8010267,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Hellsynger,Really fun game.Essentially Terraria in space.
76561198038826255,Recommended,211820,9882008,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,gingervitus,"Do you like building things? Do you like slaying things? Do you like going on epic adventures of grandeur? Did you expect the Spanish Incquisition?......♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t! Nobody expects the Spanish Incquisition, but if you answered yes to any of the other quesions then this is the game for you!"
76561198061283655,Recommended,211820,8538953,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Da Great Jelly,Awesome game you get to choose what you want to do. Just like Terraria but MUCH better.
76561198076805941,Recommended,211820,9017224,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,SquidGeneral10,"It's a great game,with the sides of Multiplayer and Singleplayer being fabulous.The ship is great,and i love the crafting etc.The game is at its best when you have a group of about 5 friends and you're whizzing about the galaxy.Overall,a great game. (five stars)"
76561198068650614,Recommended,211820,7980814,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kleinemichiel,"good game if you love openworldcraftingsci-fisandbox games, this game is completely pure awesomeness"
76561198045396061,Recommended,211820,8721984,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Lt. Shrimp,I'M ADDICTED. PLEASE SEND HELP. SO FREAKING GOOD.
,Recommended,211820,8290385,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,GodlyJD,this game is baisically a hardcore terraria its great even in  beata for 15 dollars
,Recommended,211820,8568110,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,JulysFire,Terraria on steroids
76561198093167249,Recommended,211820,8001021,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Chaoswilldevour,"So Awesome, Like terraria but even better 9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8753641,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,fcol,"Minecraft spawned a whole host of clones. Terraria was a 2D version of Minecraft, more or less. Some minor differences but undeniably moving in the same direction. Starforge has gone down the Minecraft IN SPACE route that everyone clamours for. Starbound is Terraria IN SPACE. Heavily detailed already despite very much being in beta. I think every child wished at some point that the world was made of LEGO and you could just build forever. Everyone also wanted to be an astronaut. Now you can do both. It's cool to like it now, but I see this lasting, potentially longer than the games it was inspired by."
,Recommended,211820,8057550,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MajesticAxel,This game is so addicting.
,Recommended,211820,8460426,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SchultzPWNZ,"Best game of 2013! I love Terraria, but Starbound is more interesting.Thanks for this game)"
,Recommended,211820,7929467,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Celestial Poncho,"As im writing this the game is still in beta but other than that the core mechanics of the game are awsome.Keep in mind that it does have a lot of bugs but those are to be expected at this stage, so just bear with it and im sure you'll enjoy it!"
,Recommended,211820,10281899,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Papi Saka,"From the beginning when i saw this game i have to admit it didn't look all too amazing (especially since there is an 8 bit adventure game called Terraria), I bought it looking to give it a try and yeah... my thoughts changed the instant i had started up a game. Endless and endless amounts of exploring and traveling within this game, not to mention various monsters to slay while searching for loot. I recommend this game to anyone who just loves to explore a massive worlds and whoever enjoys the 8-bit games out there."
76561197998651357,Recommended,211820,8021642,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,N3ss3,"If you like Terraria, you will love this!"
76561198200340769,Recommended,211820,17853409,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Shadow3283,THIS IS A REALLY REALLY REALLY GREAT GAME!!! I CAN'T WAIT UNTIL WE GET TO FIGHT FINAL BOSS!
76561198105600127,Recommended,211820,13298961,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,EZI3000,"I absolutely and utterly love this game. I thinks it's wonderful and Chucklefish have done an utterly astounding job with the game.The NPC and creature designs brilliant, the combat and movement systems are fun and varied, leaving lots of room for experimentation, building for fun and the plot and lore of the universe is interesting and most of all, it has a point.The issue I had with Minecraft is that I felt no real need to do anything. Why would I build a bigger house? Why would I get better stuff? Why explore? I felt no incentive to do anything apart from barely survive and I got bored super quickly. Starbound wasn't like that for me. I cared for my character, I built a big house so a cool tenant could move in, I got better stuff because I wanted to clear that one dungeon that I keep getting killed in, I explored to find cool NPCs and fun dungeons with fun obstacle courses in them with their cool theming.In short, Starbound is wonderful, with a engaging world, Fun characters, Fun controls, and most importantly, a reason to be there."
,Recommended,211820,22087222,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,McJailbait,This is a great game if you need a game to grind in. It feels great when you get far in the game.
,Recommended,211820,10114409,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Hypoxiα,"This is an amazing game, I don't see why people say its bad. And to everyone who says the game is dead read the blog atplaystarbound.comand you would know that Chucklefish HQ is being relocated, and its really hard to work on the game at the moment, but they ARE working on it"
,Recommended,211820,20567669,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,starf,Cute penguins.Adorable/10
76561198061290024,Recommended,211820,8784835,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Captain Tomato,A super fun game like terraria but with a little bit of minecraft with the building
76561197985492636,Recommended,211820,8788051,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,-Mr.Gold-,"enjoyed first few hours a lot, then kind of got bored with it maybe 4-5 hrs in game.But, the reason I decided to write a recomendation just now is: I read they were releasing new patch very soon, like next day or two, so decided to go back to game and give another go, and after just traveling for few mins on this planet i arrived (B sector), came across this village with friendly ''floran'' tribe or whatever, was amazing, found some very cool items, recipies, decorations (stole) and it made me think, there are so many planets, so many places to go, so many ways you can play this fun little/big game and the best thing of all its not even finished, not even close. i have probably spent 8-12 hrs on this game not sure, in 3-4 days, and i can only guess iv seen about 2% of the game or most likely less.For the price, this game is a must buy for anyone interested in this kind of games."
76561198025064233,Recommended,211820,8796018,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Der Gerät | Any1 Endless Legion,"It is a really nice game that had me fromon the first second. When I saw the preview I knew it will be great.I played 11 consecutive hours with a mate and continued the other day.It has so many nice features. There is no real need for competition against others, is just nice to play :)One feature that is really nice ist the pocket light. The lighting/shading is done so nice. I like that you can have too cold. There is so many different things. Just nice.Sure there is some repetitve content, but you have this in every game since dev-time is just limited :)The only thing that made me stop playing it is the character/world resets after every new patch.But be sure I'll play it again as soon as these resets stop (guess next patch)!For me an absolute must have!"
,Recommended,211820,8797954,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Sly_Cloud,Wow Starbound is out of this world!! It's is a super fun sandbox that you can create anything in. I can't wait to see what it finalizes into.
76561198040183690,Recommended,211820,8798237,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,SpookyDisco,This game is really Fun but currently certain things are lacking... thankfully  this game surrports modders very much and make sure that you can mod the hell out of your game. This game also feature vast planets to visit even though all planets are randomly gernerated some planets start to feel the same.  But over all this game is an improvement over Terrria and if you enjoyed that said game you will enjoy this game
76561198040019098,Recommended,211820,8804271,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Zermond_91,It is realy fun to play lots of world's to explore playing with friends makes it even more fun
,Recommended,211820,8804330,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dorude,"Very Good! A little hard to get into, but very Rewarding."
76561198117617658,Recommended,211820,8813253,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,JrJukems,if you like minecraft or terraria this is a awesome game it is a 2d game of minrcraft but its got lots of potentiel and you can travel to unlimited planets its a really cool game if you like sandbox games
76561198028104212,Recommended,211820,8828365,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Lost 後輩,"Okay... Starbound... Now... I hated Minecraft and I hated Terraria, but... Starbound, This game changed my view on 2D Platforming/sandbox games forever, the music the layout the wonders awaiting you with each new world you explore are wonderful, I've had no bugs, no glitches, infact my whole playthrough has been perfect so far, yes that's only 20 hours, but 20 hours is all I need before I write a review, and even in Beta It's a great game, not many games will get my praise in Beta but starbound does, great game, tell your mates and get playing! - GO HARDCORE OR GO HOME!"
,Recommended,211820,8845316,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,The_Random_Cat,"It is a really fun addicting game, getting to go on different planets and picing races, and still getting to survive is fun"
,Recommended,211820,8845392,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Googly-eyed Monster!!,"To Terraria and Beyond!!  Even in this early stage, the game is magnificent."
,Recommended,211820,8848731,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,thorgils,this game is amazing
,Recommended,211820,8849052,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,That sneaky koala,"Great fun! Lots of fun, like the personalisation options like with race and your ship and such... tried not to get to far into due to the imenent wipe coming, but I look forward to seeing this game develop"
,Recommended,211820,8849868,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,xDarkness06x,"this game is amazing. found myself watching lets play's before i bought it, man am i glad i did. so well worth the 15dollars"
76561198067010183,Recommended,211820,8850536,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Allon the solution Ivenson,With an amazing soundtrack and sandbox layout this game pleased not only the gamers crave but also an artist's eye
,Recommended,211820,8860724,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Nemont,"Absolutely love this game. From the music to the simple (but not too simple) gameplay, I love it. Best early-access experience I've had."
,Recommended,211820,8861023,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Paradoxon,Incredible time-eating monster from the 2D-pixel-world. A must have for every fan of Terraria or Minecraft.Get it NOW!
,Recommended,211820,8861070,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Star Lord,Its Terraria x10 and much more feature filled. I love it. It's in Beta but much more playable than other Early Access Games!9/10
,Recommended,211820,8862290,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Kesagake The Bear,Love this game. Can't wait to see whats in store as more updates roll out.
76561197976950688,Recommended,211820,8863252,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,slimsmedley,"good game, don't expect any hand holding at this stage"
,Recommended,211820,7996854,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Vythica,<3
,Recommended,211820,7997296,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SithX,Essentially Terraria on crack. It is already shaping up to show amazing potential.
76561198044892877,Recommended,211820,7997571,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,EMT-QT,"Even in it's early, buggy, and mostly unimplemented beta, this is still one of the my favorite games, up there with AAA like Fallout or Skyrim. It is the perfect mixture of survival random sandbox and RPG. As stated, it's in it's early beta, so its only going to get bigger and better."
76561198069180160,Recommended,211820,7998249,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,♥ⓐⓝⓖⓔⓛ♥,Best Game Ever better Mobs Try it guys it will be good to learn from space fantasy
,Recommended,211820,7998386,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SUPER CHEMOTHERAPY,"This game may be a beta, but its absolutely stunning so far. This has so much content to it. Many different kinds of blocks, resources, creatures passive and aggresive, billions of solar systems and planets for you to explore (its said the the game has about 12.66 quadrillion planets in total.) Survival at its finest. It is very easy to die in this game, and you will be finding yourself fighting for your life in order to avoid losing pixels, which is the games currency. The amount of blocks in the game makes for very diverse options for building (creativity required). The story isn't much at the moment, but then again its a beta so anything is possible. The story has a good base, and I believe that can be built upon heavily. Some may say this is a copy of Terraria. While I agree, it borrows elements from it, but its a whole different game considering the amount of content value it has.Overall, this is a fantastic game that I absolutely love to death. I cannot wait to see what future updates they have in store for us. I recommend this game a thousand times to anyone. Even if sandbox games aren't your thing, I still believe that you will find this game enjoyable. 10/10 fantastic work to the devs of this epic game."
,Recommended,211820,8001145,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Toastadore,Space is rad and so is this game.
,Recommended,211820,8001176,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Countdown,"This game is fun, but definitely still in beta. The building aspects are really well done, and making a home for your character is very fluid and intuitive. There is a lot to explore, and every planet is different, sort of. The monsters (aliens) you encounter are randomly generated but all use the same type of AI (hostile jumping types, non hostile, and flying types), and the combat doesn't feel that responsive, weapons don't have the right feeling of impact and clip through tiles, bosses are too hard and must be cheated to win, also, the armor system is extremely confusing. There is a lot of potential here, but as for right now, there are still a lot of kinks to work out. As of right now it is an excellent Sandbox building game which seems like more of a simulator and less of an action game. I reserve full judgement for when it releases however."
,Recommended,211820,8001973,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dem04life,Amasing game will grow and become something truly wonderful
76561198066439262,Recommended,211820,8002062,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,TheUpsAndDowns,"A very good Game with elements of Terraria and Minecraft ,  2 games i have played many hours of. With the amazing elemants in this game it also has a Fantastic Soundtrack that pulls you in the world, recommend it for everybody who has two hands.-9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8002199,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,[BABAYAGA],"good game, really good game <3 even for early beta"
,Recommended,211820,8002475,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,GG-1,"Amazing.Simply Amazing. Me and my friends have been playing in since it came out and we have had so many laughs, and so much fun.Where to start? Well Me and my ""Brillance"" Had no clue were to get Fuel. So me and my Firends Played for hours trying to figure out till some one had the Brillent idea to Check the Wiki. Well turns out Coal is Fuel * Faceplant* We had 600 Coal! Well I suppose we could have Guessed that. We were looking for somthing You Crafted..... Like a Fuel Can or somthing. But When we Got moveing through the galaxy, We were shocked at the Epicness ( not Quite as epic of a level as the trailer makes it seem) That was Before us. We all started to Find Better and Better Gear. Then we Settled into a Self Built Village, and well...... Stored all our stuff there. We Still play this Game with the Same joy as day one. I Would Recomend it to anyone who dosent Expect Every game to be Call of Duty."
76561197972041386,Recommended,211820,8002754,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ITSTHINKING,"This game is breathtaking.  From th Great sound, to the beautiful visuals, immense world, and ....wait a second I gotta go play   10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8003959,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Viciousxone,"very beatiful game for a beta, I deeply enjoy this game and if you like games like Terraia you will fall in love with this game. the sound track is great, the worlds are very seemingly endless, and best of all it is a game in my opinion almost anyone can get immersed in."
,Recommended,211820,8005025,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Naxelas™,:D Must get
76561197986763533,Recommended,211820,8005143,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Foxfire,"Exploration, base building, dungueon, crafting, and much more. this game has alot of potential, hopefully more people look into this game and support it.  I have been enjoying this game alot and i highley recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,8007962,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Gibo,damn this game is good
,Recommended,211820,8008213,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Pake,NICE ITS LIKE TERRARIA IN SPACE BUT LIKE MORE AND MORE♥♥♥♥♥♥AND ITS KINDA GAY AND I KINDA LIKE TERRARIA MORE BUT THIS IS OKAY SO  YEAH. SURE ITS WORTH IT.
76561198047761480,Recommended,211820,8009928,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,|/\| |-| /-\ |\/| !,I played 24 hours in 2 days i need help
76561197960871618,Recommended,211820,8010124,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Feios Bear [FaL],If you never played Terraria some of this games charm will be lost on you. However if you've played minecraft you'll get into easily enough.Still working out a few bugs but hey it's still in BETA can't wait for full release.I was also a little sad with the Character wipe that just occured but SQUARE 1 isn't so bad when you have an endless universe to hunt for minerals in.
,Recommended,211820,8011709,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,DaevBaerts,"This game.. THIS GAME is amazing, beautiful and inspiring. The sound track well make you wish you where here and then make you feel like you ARE! the detail is well done, the game is really well done as well! cant beleive it is only a beta; buy it, play it and love it!"
,Recommended,211820,8850732,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Werewolf1010,I love this game so much i cant stop playing it
,Recommended,211820,8974056,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,BlueKnight,All worth the money pulse no pants!
76561198035894643,Recommended,211820,8885386,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Shishia,"EDIT:  I finally got around to updating this review.Pros:This game has come a long way from what it used to be and I like the changes that have been made.1) You can now make flags that act as teleport markers which makes accessing areas that you like much easier.  For example, I always like having a home base that I then sculpt flat to be used for farming, crafting, and building.  Now with the  flags, warping directly to my chosen home planet is simple. No fuel needed.2) Ingot recipes have been simplified and are MUCH less tedious to craft.3) Farming actually has a use now in the higher difficulties that they added. Also: alien space cows. Moo.4) Crafting armor tiers is just as addictive as it was before. And workbenches can be upgraded too.5) The abilities that make exploring easier aren't limited to RNG anymore.6) You can actually sell items now.7) The main hub for the npcs is a good addition. No more searching for shopkeepers.All in all it's still a blast to play. Exploring worlds, crafting new items, building structures and customizing planets to your liking is still incredibly fun.Cons:- The story is nothing new. I didn't find it particularly engaging or fresh.- Players have been reporting game crashes. I'm not sure if it has to do with how many planets you have built extensively on, or...? Either way, I recommend researching further before you purchase."
,Recommended,211820,8176996,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Sourdough,"If you like terarria, you will LOVE Starbound. It plays very similarly to Terarria but almost everything about it is just a flat upgrade."
76561198081539505,Recommended,211820,7961486,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Excalibur,If you like Terraria you'll love Starbound.
,Recommended,211820,7978255,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,fatal1ty,Probably one of my most favourite sandbox games that I have ever played. Well done Chucklefish!
76561198130816999,Recommended,211820,9801000,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,DragonSlayer1177,"This game is AMAZING. Similar to Teraria, but even better.There are so many planets to explore, each with its own map, monsters, and loot. So much customization is available, including your character and your house. 10/10 for sure."
,Recommended,211820,8891787,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Wolfetariat,fly around on a spaceship killing monsters on distant planets hoping to find new technology. mining in asteriod fields and fighting mini bosses that are randomly encountered... this game is amazing dont let it still being in its early stages scare you off this game is just amazing all the way around
,Recommended,211820,8900125,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Edgelord,"It's like terraria in a sort of way. You're an ""explorer/survivor"". You can explore more planets and survive on the planet you're standing on. It's a great game for survival ""type people"" but i don't really prefer these type of games."
76561198063056038,Recommended,211820,8111268,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Doctor Doom,The game is EXTREMELY addicting and has only been out for about 2 weeks!!! Starbound is recommended to all Minecraft and Terraria fans who love building and exploring! :)
,Recommended,211820,9023911,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Dancig,Good game/10
,Recommended,211820,18850198,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,BearCosmos,The penguin as logo is enough for me to buy it. 99/99
76561198092314394,Recommended,211820,14304980,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,R15AMZ,Incredible game so far. My favorite part is the sense of exploration and soundtrack.
,Recommended,211820,8773094,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Gearchin,Great game and it keeps you on your toes.
,Recommended,211820,8265220,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,W E W L A D,"Excellent Game! Still some things to fix but Im sure the final result will be by far, better than Minecraft, and for a weak 15$, I love it and it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,211820,8134882,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Old Man Hoshi,"If you are a fan of games like Terraria, Minecraft, or any other form of building/survival game causing you to do senseless bullsh- I mean causing you to have to fight for your life then I suggest you guys play Starbound. It's pretty much Terraria's basic concepts except guess what? IT'S IN SPACE SUCKAS! Aside from in space, there are multiple races, hostilities, ""goodies"" (if you know what I mean >:3.), villages, and other than being in space. There are hundreds to thousands of different worlds to explore, different types of worlds and you don't have to even wait for a LOADING SCREEN when traveling to a different world! Instead to get to sit in your cozy chair (or whatever you like to do while... Waiting...) and experience how it looks when traveling ! I highly recommend this game and if you ever want to play it with a pal like me, hit me up and I'll join in with you!Alright now that the nice goody two shoes stuff is done, the cons of this game however are:Beta Session meaning random bugs.Leveling is awkward.There are apparently only 4 quests so far (I think).I don't think anyone's passed boss 3 yet...Random enemies will kick the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you from nailing your♥♥♥♥♥♥to your scronum with their beams of doom in one blast.It's impossible to keep track of what planets you've been to until you get the map to ""Sector B"" apparently.Other than that I think it's pretty good for a beta."
76561198045705075,Recommended,211820,8903330,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,GingaNinja,10/10
,Recommended,211820,8337008,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,The Cat's Pajamas,"This game is amazing. I could honestly recommend this to anyone who likes the style of terraria. The amount of explorable planets and solar systems in this game is insane. If you like terraria, this is very similar, but I feel a little better.But there are a few minor bad things (and these are expected, I know, I am just stating a few things that I feel need fixing):-I don't know why this happens, but sometimes the axe will stop working and I need to restart the game to fix it.-Some of the ""Uncommon Crappy"" weapons deal more damage than some of the rarer weapons.There are more, but I don't feel like listing the other ones encountered here.I would have to give this game a 9/10."
76561198090140505,Recommended,211820,8368908,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Lucas,♥♥♥♥ing awesome
,Recommended,211820,8663221,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,frosty,"Overall, really awesome. Fluent gameplay, endless planets, beautiful soundtrack, amazing art style, great variety, tons of items, and it is still in beta!"
,Recommended,211820,8531334,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fin-Odin,"Awesome game, I do really want people to try this game and support the makers, since this game will provide you endless amount of fun and joy. Keep up the good work!"
,Recommended,211820,8531810,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,machfennec,"Awesome game, wastin too much time on it!"
76561198100822750,Recommended,211820,8534382,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Delta,"Worth. Even in Beta, it's a great game."
,Recommended,211820,8537336,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sycon,"Even with this game in early access, it shows great potential to be one of the best games I have ever seen!"
,Recommended,211820,8045166,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,_Panda,:D
,Recommended,211820,29410004,Posted: 21 January,all,????,"Every sandbox and adventure game is better with friends, and maybe even alone, I love this game! So much adventure, plus, interests in exploring planets."
,Recommended,211820,8109593,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,A-man,"Tonnes of fun. It's apparently the spiritual successor to Terraria, and it's better in every way possible. Much more to do, infinite numbers of planets to explore and it's challanging unlike most games today.It's a definite buy from my side. You can get hours of gameplay from just 15$."
76561198028458452,Recommended,211820,9110710,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Kaimo,I personally love this game even thoug it has charecter and world wipes now and then you can restart with no bad feeling because it is so fun and addicting you wont even care about it even though at first you feel bad for the wipe youll find yourself forgetting about it soon
76561198080532098,Recommended,211820,8241251,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dill Pickle the Banana,"Eventhough starbound is kinda expensive and is still in beta, it is quite worth it. just try it, its REALLY fun!"
,Recommended,211820,8669211,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,#dicksquad,mmhm
76561197996319603,Recommended,211820,29274511,Posted: 15 January,all,[memeclan] Memelord,"Was boring af in early access, but has gotten immensely better after the release."
76561198094104783,Recommended,211820,10249114,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Ferdinandos,Very fun game.Explore the galaxies or build a working farm or laborator.You decide.
76561198066507371,Recommended,211820,29001098,Posted: 4 January,all,Cavy,"This game is an interesting one. I knew nothing about this game when I bought it and the reviews convinced me to do so. The first 2 hours of gameplay had me completely regretting it - I found the controls difficult to navigate and I had no idea what I was doing. It really was horrible... and yet after pushing through that this little game bloomed into a wondrous concoction of creativity.I'm a fan of Chucklefish games. After playing Stardew Valley I was quite excited for this. You start off as a race of your choice, each with their backstories, and begin questing through the main storyline. DON'T BUY THIS GAME FOR THE STORY YOU WILL BE DISAPPOINTED. It's generic and is pretty much just there to teach you about the game (which it fails to do so anyway)... and yet the concepts of EXPLORATION, BUILDING YOUR OWN COLONIES, TERRAFORMING NEWLY DISCOVERED PLANETS is what did it to me.Think Spore meets Terraria meets No Mans Sky.Gameplay is fun. Possibilities are endless. Extremely addicting. Content never gets dull."
,Recommended,211820,24124285,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,azure_plumbis,"Overview:Starbound is a Terraria-like sidescrolling 2D adventure game focusing on mining, crafting, exploring and building.  I wouldn't disagree with calling it a Terraria in space, but it goes beyond what Terraria offers in some ways, and falls short in others.  There is an overall story and lore to the game, which is something I enjoy more than Terraria, but some may prefer the ambiguity of Terraria's world.  Exploring is a lot of fun, but does become repetitive before long.  There are a TON of mods out there that enhance the game, offering countless hours of play-time (as you can see from my /played)Pro:- Many in-game craftable items- Building and collecting is fun- The story line isn't bad, though it is pretty linnear.- A very capable API (LUA + json) which promotes a healthy modding community- Farming crops, exploring new worlds, crew members, colonies, all great ideasCon:- Performance issues, even on higher end computers- Combat is OK, but not nearly as engaging as Terraria- Needs better itemezation and progression.  Armor is almost exclusively forged, and is completely linnear- The main story relies far too heavily on scanning things with the manipulator, which is very tedious- The side quests are repetitve- Crew and colony NPCs seem somewhat pointless, it would be nice to develop those features more fullyNote:I originally gave this game a thumbs down prior to release due to the long development cycle and some early communication issues with the developer.   After release, I would overall say the game is worthy of the price.  In some ways it is difficult for me to review, because I played so many hours early on.  I think that speaks a lot to how good this game is - even when it was first released I was consumed with it.  If you have never played it before, I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,30217386,Posted: 27 February,all,Retopian,"I honestly think this is better than terraria. I know this quote is overused, but this game is what No Mans Sky should have been. TheLegend27/10."
76561198080609940,Recommended,211820,9495182,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Sadow,PLAY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,211820,9495342,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,OBMEGA,Starbound is EPIC so much stuff so cheap everything about it is awsome! The one thing I would change is how when you save and quit you go back to your ship.
,Recommended,211820,9514008,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Insanity,"This is one of the best games I have played. Even though the concept seems simple, there are many things to do and I would recommend it to anyone who likes sandbox games and space. The game has a wonderful style and is not lacking in features even at such an early stage. If you like exploring, creating and have an interest in other worlds, this may just be the game for you."
,Recommended,211820,9076752,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Omnislash772,its already everything i loved about Terraria with so much more AND ITS IN SPACE!
,Recommended,211820,9130499,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Xhizt,"I haven't quite done everything that can be done in the game so I don't exactly have a complete experience, even remotely... but I will say that it is well worth the money if you want an interesting survival based somewhat sandbox game. This has fewer sandbox elements however, and leans towards and objective. The main comparison people draw this to is of course Terraria. I enjoy both a lot. Terraria I love because unlike minecraft, there is a chain of events. Although there is no story to terraria, you cannot experience MANY things of the game until you complete some kind of prerequisite milestone, like hard mode for example. It gave Terraria a great many things that Minecraft doesn't do well on as well as blowing it out of the water with it's many unique boss fights.Starbound has one thing that I have noticed that is a major difference to Terraria though, and that is the thing that I love the most about Starbound..... YOU ARE NOT CONSTANTLY UNDER ATTACK BY MOBS!!!! -.-This killed many things for me in Terraria. Sure it's fun as hell though, but you never get a break from monster attacks and hardly get to breathe before the next encounter. Even if you seal yourself off, a chaos elemental might just pop in it and kill you, so you die anyway. When hosting a Terraria server? Forget it, never even THINK about going afk. Everytime I did in particularly there was a Blood Moon lol.So bottom line about Starbound now, aside from my incomplete experience is that you can take the game at your own pace. This makes life so much easier for everyone. Designated spots have monsters in them so you aren't always under attack. There IS indeed an objective, and from I've seen there are apparently skills and a strange level-up system. It's not with exp though, but apparently it is based by the gear you wear. The game is what it is, an experience. Try it out yourself because in my own opinion 15 bucks is a steal for games of this quality"
,Recommended,211820,9139473,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Thelaurens,This game makes me so happy.
,Recommended,211820,9145604,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,RoSSo,"The art style and mechanics present in Starbound are on of the best I've seen in a 2-D platformer. The amount of inter-galactic exploration in the game is phenominal and you always feel at home finding new planets from the comfort of your ship. Starbound definetly stands out of the ground in exploration, story telling, and customization. You can progress at your own pace and are never limited in exploration. This game requires some dedication to really bring out its full potential. Highly Recommended"
76561198015023074,Recommended,211820,9150582,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tanuki Monster,"This game is enthralling. Very good purchase even tho it is still in Beta!! It actually makes you want to go digging for stuff in the dirt, and make new stuff to go to bigger meaner planets!! Excellent game!!"
,Recommended,211820,9157238,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Night Shade,i love this game. though the monsters can seem over powered at times
,Recommended,211820,9167364,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Treasure_Hunter_Tom,"Odd and addictive, definately worth trying even at beta."
76561197982614217,Recommended,211820,9171065,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,zylo99,"Great game, If you like Terraria you will love this one."
,Recommended,211820,9171821,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Anten,"This gam. ITS AMAZINGLY fun.  What I have to like about it most is how it feels like Terrarria but it plays....HILARIOUSLY better, in my honest opinion.There are 6 races, all of each have their own advantages and disadvantages.  THis is a big thing fo me, because I like seeing more than just the ding-dang one that is default in most games.There's sci-fi elements mixed with silliness and enemies that will eat you and your face.  YES. I like being silly in these types of games, and the planets you explore have their own biomes, which can either kill you, or help you dependant on race, and the monsters are fitting to each biome. TIME TO KILL THINGS.TL;DRPLAY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME."
,Recommended,211820,9172430,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,link13122,"5 days passed, and I looked at the time, 86 hours....  This game is great, and as stated below, pants ARE NOT a requirement!I recommend this if you play terraria or like games where you need to build / upgrade current equipment, like to explore, or enjoy references to games like Dead Space and the Aliens franchise!The only problem is that it is in beta as of 2/17/2014, so there are bugs, but that is to be expected.  Some features, like selling items or using dyes are not yet implemented."
76561198045140632,Recommended,211820,8723478,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Trevor Belmont,"Fun. That's all that matters. There is no explanation, it's fun. Get it."
,Recommended,211820,8727558,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Evolution,"This game has yet much more to come of it, but yet is a phenomanal game and I reccommend every ounce of my heart to it. It is a game simply about distant travel and survival, giving you a futuristic feel to it. I reccommend this game to those that enjoy; stategy for combat, pre-version games, helping the developers come up with the next update, and sandboxx games."
76561197992078309,Recommended,211820,8731106,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Darkteku,YES!!!!!!!!!! if you love Terraria then you will deffinently love this game it is woth the 15 buck for it cause you can travel to different planets to get resources... meet enimes and make friends on here.. some great mods are already out for the game and its reall really fun
,Recommended,211820,8736241,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,kikikikoboy,starbound is an aweosme game i love it! i highly recommend it
,Recommended,211820,8743764,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,oGz_0wnz,STARBOUND IS EPIC BUY IT
76561197971071725,Recommended,211820,8746647,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,silvercity,"Long story short: there is so much more to this game than it being a simple Terraria clone, and as of this post, the developers are not even finished adding content! I highly recommend this game to anyone interested in so-called ""emergent"" gameplay; fans of Minecraft, Terraria, and their cousins will not find themselves disappointed, or feeling that they are playing the same game over again."
76561198034322301,Recommended,211820,8747963,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,foolmtljak,Very fun game to play ^^
76561198121173865,Recommended,211820,8749747,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Planeshadowclan,LOVE THIS GAME
76561198006979968,Recommended,211820,8472648,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rip McFlexington,Terraria x1000 this game is huge and tons of fun. By far my favorite voxel type game out there. In fact I never really cared too much for them until playing this. To top it off the amount they plan on adding is just staggering. I'd highly suggest it to anyone who enjoyed Terraria and the likes.
,Recommended,211820,8475804,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,[T.tv]Ohsnapkline09,i just hope that they expand and improve upon the formula of other games like it especially in multiplayer
,Recommended,211820,8481718,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,neQuiem,"A wonderful, lovely designed game that can be very time consuming if you want it to.It's Early Access but very playable. The developers are fast with updates and deliver many new features and changes per week. I am happy that they truly listen to the community and consider the wishes. The devs also posted a huge list with great coming features and already implemented some of these.To the game itself: Your whole universe is random generated with numberless different planets. Planets can vary in biome, weather, gravitation, monster strength and some other things. Since everything is random, you never know what you'll find on a new planet.During your exploration you will find LOTS of stuff (besides equipment) that you can use for building, so the more you explore, the more possibilities you get to customize your buildings. Once you found a nice sweet home planet where you want to build your homebase, it can be set as home so you can return easily.Well, even if everything's random, if you hop from planet to planet you'll notice that after a while every planet feels the same. You land on a planet, run around to find chests and dungeons, dig into the earth for getting some materials, leave the planet and hop onto another. This may be only my opinion, because they did a few character/world resets and I had to start all over, so it felt quite repetitive. Soon, the beta will be in a state where no future resets will happen, so this problem may solve itself. But if you can't live with losing your progress, don't touch this game yet and wait a bit.Multiplayer is possible and playable. There are already a few good starbound servers out there, you may find one that suits you. Alternatively, you can host your very own server by launching the server tool. Sadly, public multiplayer is not enjoyable without a few problems yet. If you party up with another player, he could beam to your ship and plunder all what's within. There is not chest protection yet as far is i know, so be careful. Anyway, I think this will change soon.To sum up, this game is worth it, even it's not complete yet. Future updates will make the game even better, but the game may get more expensive, so consider buying it now even if you plan to wait."
76561198055936902,Recommended,211820,8481784,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dylan-Ray,If this game was a movie I'd watch that movie.
,Recommended,211820,8484003,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ZombieCarrot,♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,8487725,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Blek's Newdles,I find this game addictive and time consuming.Exploring the vast sectors of this game are interesting and the bosses are just the right level for intense combat.There are tons of end-games items and easy to install mods to use.Starbound for me is a 9.5/10
76561198052278086,Recommended,211820,8494059,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dainslef,"Wonderful sandbox exploration game from Chucklefish.  Only on stage one of three for the Beta release, and already looks stellar.  8.5/10, only for the framerate issues.  Highly reccommend."
76561198042970690,Recommended,211820,8497092,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Radicalraiju,"One of the Greatest games i have ever played. This game is amazing from the music to the gameplay. This is absolutely perfect, and unlike many other games like this one, it doesn't just throw into the game and say ""Survive"" It gives you quests to start and build off of untill you think you can do it your self. The best part of this? It's only in alpha! I highly recomend this game for everyone."
,Recommended,211820,8499824,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,gamerYamen,"Starbound is the next Terraria or Minecraft. A big jump up in the genre, and wonderfully interactive developers clearly working hard to add a ton of new content.The biggest accomplishment of Starbound is the feeling of exploration. You can pilot to an infinite number of planets, and keep finding new places to explore, new weapons, and new NPC villages of various degree of hostility. You can build a palace, a temple, a spaceship, or a city, and the game gives you a wonderful variety of tools and textures to work with.There is also an extremely active mod community, which is fully supported and encouraged by the developers, meaning new tweaks and content are constantly being made available. This is not a game that will get old fast."
,Recommended,211820,8502459,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,NecronicWolf,this game is freaking amazing it seemed like i had just gotten it when i was done playing i realize i had played for 82 minutes yes its in beta but so far its got my liking its terreria in space and i recomend it to anybody that reads this
,Recommended,211820,8502735,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fucking depressed,GREAT GAME GO BUY
,Recommended,211820,8505868,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,CodaineTheBlazed,"Think of terraria. Now add spaceships, awsome bosses and aliens, hundreds of different planets, each one randomly generated.this game blows terraria way out of the water. and in my opinion, its better than minecraft(without mods)."
76561198043897816,Recommended,211820,8511172,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,WSrs,"I've never played Terraria and played a couple of hours of Minecraft and to me this is one of the BEST GAMES out there, bought the 4 pack and splitted the price with some friends so it was an even better deal.tl;dr;A+, 10/10, BUY IT NOW!!!"
76561198039270021,Recommended,211820,8517442,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Sandy17,"The game looks great, has a good sense of humor to it, and has a feeling of wonder that comes with it as you play. I've spent close to 300 hrs on terraria, and i can see myself spending close to that, if not more, on this game, doing quests, killing bosses, getting loot, and exploring an endless ammount of worlds. I've been looking forward to this game for a long time and am not dissappointed."
76561198045082103,Recommended,211820,8517487,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ruff Criminal,"Endless amounts of entertainment, not one second of boredom yet, completely worth your time and money. The universe is diverse, beautiful, and cruel all at the same time. Crafting is flawless and advancing through stages depends on player skill and player effiency. I haven't even scratched the surface of this game and I am approaching 50 hours of game time. $14.99 is a steal."
76561198026879393,Recommended,211820,8520886,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,gfloyd2002,"Starbound is an awesome game, but is very buggy because it's in beta."
76561197965162994,Recommended,211820,8752423,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ceofreak,Highly addictive genius game! Already in early access keeps me playing for hours. Thats what just few games can accomplish nowadays. Totally recommend.
76561198056872175,Recommended,211820,8758785,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Badphish10,space.....the final frontier....these are the voyages of the starship (insert name here) play as 1 one 6 races in an effort to survive in a brutal and vast open and procedurally generated universe.
76561198055601975,Recommended,211820,8761780,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Snazzyspacewhale,"it is awesome,mabye as good as or better than terraria"
,Recommended,211820,8767458,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,BLYATMAN - pvpro.com,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaargh awsome game .... cant wait for more patches :D
,Recommended,211820,8768149,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Ben,"Good points:- challenging to play up until the end;- great music, even better with the option to import your own .abc format songs;- good inventory space;- ridiculous amount of contents;- humorous;- lots of potential as a standalone game;- good balance between building and combat.Bad points:- at this early stage, performance isn't optimised so slower machines may struggle to run it;- while almost, but not quite, entirely unlike cheating*, a player can choose to visit others' already explored worlds and progresses much more quickly (a problem exacebated by how costly fuel is);- in-game installations like temples, towers or prisons need to be more varied and random;- setting up multiplayer can be problematic at times.Summary: This game is a rough gem. While there are still a lot of bugs, gliches, crashes and lags, if you like Terraria, this game gives a new perspective that would give you hours of enjoyment. Bring some friends, good friends and enjoy your stay in the galaxy, where each day is fresh, exciting and full of adventures!Thanks to my good friends Klex and Gornlok, especially Klex for playing along with a terrible player like me!* Reference from H2G2 :D"
76561197998195013,Recommended,211820,8772525,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Spynomis,"For being an early release, I think it's safe to say this game is definetly worth the money. There are some minor mechanics and aspects that have yet to be added, but the current state of the game is very fun. Yes, it is similar to terraria, but it expands upon this survival crafting genre. Space exploration, mining, and boss battles are extremely satisfying and totally enjoyable. I've only played solo, but the co-op is just an improvement of the solo game. Teaming up to take on a boss or gather materials is as fun as it is in terraria or minecraft (just to give a comparisson, not that it's the same). In it's early state, there are character wipes and the occasional bug, but the game is still solid. If you see it as an early look of things to come, this game has tons of potential. For the money, it is absolutely worth it. I regret not one second of the near 30 hours I poured into this game, and I highly suggest you buy it now."
76561198043528780,Recommended,211820,8774310,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Kikwoka,"It may be early access, but I am currently very immersed in this sandbox game. There are a lot of excellent features in it - for example, the ability to roam a universe, while building houses and bases and whatever you want. It's not complete, sure, but theres a lot to like so far.For me, on a macbook pro it works very well, but is prone to crashing whenever I quit the game. It's not a bother for me, because I was already trying to quit, but it is something to bear in mind.Still, I like it a lot! The art is beautiful, every object you craft feels worth the effort to mine for materials, and the appearance of random NPC villages etc. is an incredible feature. It feels very genuine, and I like that.I definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,211820,8776481,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Crysis,"I love it.So I'm a huge multiplayer-gamer person and I don't enjoy playing games by myself that much. BUT SCREW THAT THIS IS STARBOUND! When I found Starbound ( Thanks CodeManster0! ) I thought it was just a terraria rip-off, but I was SO wrong. This game is so playable and has hours upon hours of playability on it. Don't like this planet? Find another! Bored of mining? Conquer a dungeon! Want a challenge? Fight a Boss! This game is awesome, and as I quote Egoraptor (I say....Tenouttaten!)"
,Recommended,211820,8777977,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,FeelsBadDad,"Character wipes everywhere... Guns, swords, hammers, squid swords, fans, robos, people, monkeys, spaceships, birds, planets, and character wipes... <3 so goooooodddddddddddddd 9/10!"
76561197977331055,Recommended,211820,8780822,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,StruttingBox,Can't...stop...paying...this...game....
76561197992245707,Recommended,211820,8865158,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Beard_Plays_What,so much fun possibly the closest to star trek one can hope for.
76561198006530421,Recommended,211820,8886424,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Baron Of Beards,It is awesome.
,Recommended,211820,8887298,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Akatosh,"Starbound can get very addictive because you have the possibility of exploring countless planets, each a with different fauna and flora, and you can experience it with your friends. If you like games with a very long longevity, where you can improve or character ou just play to relax, I highly recommend it."
76561198095570944,Recommended,211820,8895407,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Brodster00,This game is awesome. It is like Terarria but much better and more adventerous.
,Recommended,211820,8896549,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,xer0_Chill,All is fair in love and space prospecting.
76561198118776792,Recommended,211820,8897210,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,MeEatCrayons,"If you like Terraria, I would have to say you'll love this game. It's huge envirnoments make for great exploration and even in early access it has a lot to offer. Can't wait for the full release definitely a game to recommend."
76561198086408606,Recommended,211820,8903600,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,PixelBravo,"Get this game its highly addictive and so much fun, must try a big multiplayer game sometime :-)"
,Recommended,211820,8907217,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Gogolna,Great game!
,Recommended,211820,8907295,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Coovyy,"I never ever write reviews, but I feel like Starbound is worth writing one for. This is honestly the best game I've bought in a while. I didn't like Terraria that much, but this game is so much better. I might be a bit bias because I really like space and stuff like that, but even so, I think this game is a lot better than Terraria or any of the other games I've played similar to this, except maybe Minecraft, (which has started to bore me.) I'm really satisfied with this game and would recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,8907912,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,MA3QU15,"Good, fun game. Really enjoy it even though it's early on."
76561198056261636,Recommended,211820,8990672,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,eeellliii1,SUPER AWSOME!
,Recommended,211820,8993817,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Alpha,is gudbuy pls
,Recommended,211820,8625144,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,HeisenBear153,"Okay so let us get right to the elephant in the room. This game is extremely similar to Terraria, at first glance you may just think someone modded the game and made it a little different. Starbound is not a clone of Terraria, and if you were a fan of Terraria you will absolutely love this game. Crisp visuals and lighting, an absolutely beautiful soundtrack complete with battle music, and traveling between planets to find more resources and encountering civilizations are just amazing. The game is in early beta and it is still quite amazing. I guarantee you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,211820,8625189,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,WheresWallz,This Is A great game!!! This game is not minecraft there is quest and alot of things you can make and kill play with friends its alot of fun
76561198053413433,Recommended,211820,8625305,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Hatsune Miku,A very nice game i put many hours into it the bosses are a bit too easy and overall the difficulty should be raised a bit pretty fun game i prefer terraria currently but ill give this a 8/10 for a beta thats pretty good
76561198064242438,Recommended,211820,8628134,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Major Hatchet,Is good. Do buy. Yes play. SECKS
76561198042770913,Recommended,211820,8628478,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,pudding009,amazing
76561198090412053,Recommended,211820,8636302,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Your Dear Uncle Chad,"Absolutely Brilliant.Has everything that is good in the sandbox games we love ie Minecraft, Terraria and adds much, much more.Lovely visuals, beautiful soundtrack and so many possibilities.Only played a few hours and am already loving it.Can't belive it's still in beta."
76561198060577810,Recommended,211820,8638722,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Demise11,GREAT GAME highly reccomended for fans of terraria
76561198061866855,Recommended,211820,8638789,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Thomas501st,Love it!
76561198048735313,Recommended,211820,8259532,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Pink Winkus,Super fun adventure game yo.
76561198064663765,Recommended,211820,9090386,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Outupowlound,"Great sandboxing ideas, tons of options to play with"
76561197970473624,Recommended,211820,9096463,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Xiroth,"Great game, a lot more fun than Terraria if you're looking for something similar. Very open ended. Terraria you think ""which direction should I dig"""". Starbound you think ""Which planet should i visit?"""
,Recommended,211820,9104657,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jaaxeau,"Love this game. It's not just a game where you level-up and complete the game, there's so much to explore and so much to do."
,Recommended,211820,9105750,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DizMasterTM70,"Minecraft meets metroid! A great multiplayer, multi-pace game. Great for bringing together folks who game different genres."
76561198059686353,Recommended,211820,9107347,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Type,So there people out there that like Terrria. If you like terraria then you will like starbound! Starbound is a really good game it has a single player and a multyplayer on it it is interesting becuase your ship gose everywhere with you it like haveing a home with you if you go on multyplayer it will be there!
76561198115007736,Recommended,211820,9109875,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Mitch_,"Brillant for a game in beta would recommend this to anyone the lighting effects are amazingthe flow of the game is brill, over all a brillant game"
76561198096481358,Recommended,211820,9113872,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,The Trashman,"This Is A great Indie,Adventure and builing game in this brilliant product made by chucklefish is a action packed exploring game.In Starbound your goal is to build,explore,fight,adventureand just have fun with your friends or by yourself and theres quite alot of thinking and strategy put into the game. Not to mention all the cool things in game and on the wiki page but i wont spoil it for you go ahead and get it yourself have fun Starbounders go see the Universe!!!!.....And beyond??"
,Recommended,211820,9113932,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Biscuit,"This is the kind of game that just makes you want to play more and more. There is so much to do and see, and you can even play with friends! If you enjoy the game Terraria, then this is the game for you. There are quests, a whole bunch of items, different races, and you can even travel to different world in your own space craft! Did i mention that you can customize you space ship, and if you play with friends, you can even visit theirs! And of course, we can't forget all of the exploring and mining you will do!"
,Recommended,211820,8054413,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Deja Vu ॐ,Great game 10 / 10 Will go down as a overall amazing game a must have for all sanbox / survival players
,Recommended,211820,8055538,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,'snk,Melhor que pão com banha
,Recommended,211820,8057707,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Blkaznmartin,"Don't let the 2D style fool you. I'm not one that particularly is attracted to 2D style games but this one changed my mind. After playing minecraft for years, this has similar gameplay but, I can honestly say this game has so much more to offer. The graphics are actually pretty amazing. The music is even better. Took a little bit to get into it but then became one of the most fun games I've played. The multiplayer makes the game extremely fun. Not to mention the endless exploring of different planets. The environments change. You can actually die from environmental changes. A lot of really cool features. The integrated Twitch streaming is really convinient and nice. Obviously, in Beta right now, it'll have some bugs but well worth IMO."
76561197991669049,Recommended,211820,8059733,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,fanboy4ever,"Whereas this game is still in Beta as of the moment it already offers a depth and breadth not found in many games.  ""Grinding"" to advance is hardly an unpleasant way to spend time as the game offers many surprises such as random biomes that appear, mini-boss type enemies wandering around, and the ever-present excitement of discovery.  That is actually what makes this game so enjoyable; the constant thrill of finding something new.  The craftable items, bosses, biomes, expansion options, armor, weapons, enemies, planets, ores, plants, etc. are so seemingly random at times which makes discovery that much more fun.  Chucklefish has clearly listened to the community that helped crowdsource this game and met the demands of the fans.  He has come a long way from Terraria (another great game) and this game shows it."
,Recommended,211820,8060129,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Sterling,"Starbound is, simply put, AMAZING! Not only have they made the game so incredibly expansive, to the point of having hundreds of hours of content, they've included little things that do nothing but add a humorous aspect. If you haven't bought Starbound, you need to!"
,Recommended,211820,8062437,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,White.Vinegar,This game is the spacetits
76561198031908391,Recommended,211820,8062632,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Arbruk,"Better than Terraria, more interesting than Minecraft, Starbound is worth 15 dollars."
,Recommended,211820,8062712,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Buzzkill,Yes.
76561198028193443,Recommended,211820,8063035,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Slicer12313,Awesome game
,Recommended,211820,8063325,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,He burnt my shake,Superior Brains are so easy to get! 10/10
76561198045003224,Recommended,211820,8063424,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,dudeduderson,"Starbound is a game that you can easily immerse yourself into. The worlds are captivating, the mechanics are sound, the music is excellent, and the game is fun. If you're looking for a game with potentially hundreds of hours to pour into, Starbound would be a great addition to your library."
76561197967641812,Recommended,211820,8063961,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Hombre-cz-,"Very nice game! Its like Minecraft back from 80's. COOP mode is also great fun, I can recommend to anybody who likes building and exploring."
76561198052088814,Recommended,211820,8065556,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,B) FluxAlchemist,"this is a great game, if you've played terraria you will definately see that its quite similar but its different enough to be worth the money. the caracter wipes in the beta stage are kinda annoying but its to be expected."
,Recommended,211820,8066709,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,NoBogui,"12-16-2013 - Definitely a lot of fun, but still tons of content to be added. Lots of features are not implemented yet, and there are still bugs. If you don't mind beta testing, which is what you WILL be doing, then pick this up. Reminds me a lot of Terraria, but the planet hopping is nice (since you don't have to create new worlds from the menu to get all the items). Devs are definitely responsive to player concerns though, and updates have been fairly frequent. They often communicate with the players onwww.reddit.com/r/starbound, and it's great to see that kind of involvement."
76561198038166148,Recommended,211820,8069247,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,xD Hehe,"If this game was a poop, it would be a pretty good poop."
,Recommended,211820,8070438,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,rumplefore$kin,"Amazing sanbox game with tons of colorful creatures and scary monsters. At first glance it may just be a cheap space Teraria to someone, but after playing it I am satisfied. Starbound does not seem like a beta stage game. 10/10 and well worth 15$."
,Recommended,211820,8070780,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CrazyPeteUK,"Some people say its Terarria, well....Bascially its on the same platform as the for mentioned game, your spaceship is out of fuel and you need to explore the nearest planet for resources....Sounds very familiar doesnt it? Yes its very much like Terarria, mine, dig, explore, fight, craft etc...This game is on the early stages of development, please support this game as it has the potential to be a great game."
,Recommended,211820,8072871,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Carlton Danks,Dope.
,Recommended,211820,8073671,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Yenoham,Even though this game is no completely finished I cannot recommend it enough. I have stopped playing everything else just so I can sink more time into this game. If you like Terraria you need to play this game!
,Recommended,211820,8074505,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,<|MoW|>Venom,WONDERFUL GAME!!! :D
,Recommended,211820,28804526,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,luckymonk3,Starbound is a very solid game in terms of bugs. Gameplay wise I felt very restricted as to what I could do once the game released. Enraged Koala was a perfect update but that has long since past. I still recommend this game to anybody that would enjoy a futuristic terraria style game.
,Recommended,211820,8444830,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheGuyWho,Awesome game! Very addictive and fun with a group of people too! Just cant wait what else comes into this game.
,Recommended,211820,9196906,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,LAUGHING SOLDIER,really fun and creative game but still has quite the challenge
,Recommended,211820,8110896,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,tangledwyrd,"Starbound is everything I've been looking for in a casual, independent game. There's exploration, building, combat, and hours of adventure in a sandbox environment. The money for early access is well-spent. The developers are very active and have implemented many community suggestions, which is refreshing. From here, Starbound can only get better, which doesn't seem possible because it is already a stellar game. What a gem!"
,Recommended,211820,8050936,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,choketokill,♥♥♥♥ing Love it! Keep up the fantastic work you guys!
,Recommended,211820,8207289,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Schwitz,"This game is everything I wanted from Terraria but never got.Now I'm not shunning Terraria, its a great game in its own right, but the ability in starbound to just up and leave any world at any time to go check out something more difficult (or easier) even just travel around to farm resources from other planets is marvelous. Gameplay is really smooth for an open access.There are still a few balance issues with the weapons I've found but as I said, early access so you can't be overly critical of that.I can't wait to see where the future takes this game."
,Recommended,211820,7931525,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,big ounce,♥♥♥♥♥♥amazing
,Recommended,211820,8014090,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Azza,its fekkin gud m8
,Recommended,211820,8889811,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Austic The Autistic Murloc,GET THIS GAME ITS COOL TO NO END! buy it
,Recommended,211820,29323705,Posted: 17 January,all,NaCl-Lily,"I bought it for two bucks back in the beta and thought ""Oh. Terraria in space,"" and dropped it.Come back a year or so later to the full product, and I have to say, I'm impressed. It has enough of a story to give direction to your sandboxing, enough side quests to have some fun with, and plenty of post endgame content. All this without losing sight of what's most important; the resource-gathering sandbox builder it set out to be.I'd highly recommend this to anyone who kinda liked Terrarria or Minecraft, but felt like the lack of goal really hurt it."
76561198004705177,Recommended,211820,7986080,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Athanas (Herf),"Space exploration, pokemon slaying for leather and food(needed for survival), crafting, building, musical band creating, and dungeon crawling/boss defeating excitement. Yes. This game. All this and only in beta."
,Recommended,211820,8011703,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Harfang,9 horas na primeira sentada. compre.
,Recommended,211820,8612871,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Jooce,youre in space yo
,Recommended,211820,25177143,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,(ΘCÐ) Wanderon™,"This game is my vision of a perfect space game, but in 2DYou want to explore different planets that have a variety of different structers/ruins/colonies with varying hostility? You can do that!You want to have a home planet where you can have a big base and a colony? You can do that!You want to do different missions and go on an adventure while making your ship your home? You can do that!I love how every race of NPCs have their own unique personality to them, and if a war breaks out, it will impact their relation with you, i love how in some cases, the same race that was friendly to you on one planet, will be hostile in another.I love the outpost, it feels more like a social hub, with several different shops that sell differnt things depending on what their area of experties is.Colonies feel alive, you can come across different villages and colonies of various races, and each of these races have their own unique style of buildings and things you can find in their chests.The only thing missing from the game is ship fights, god i would love to be able to install weapons on my ship and encounter pirates or different ships and have space fights, it would also be nice to come across different NPCs IN SPACE... but one can dream.I haven't played multiplayer yet since the singleplayer experience is just amazing on it's own, I also haven't played around with mods yet.There are a few bugs here and there, but nothing major or game breakingStarbound is an EXCELLENT game for anyone who loves space games and wants a game with different planets and settings.I'll give this a solid 9.5/10 the only reason it's not getting a full 10 is the fact that it's lacking space fights and things like that"
,Recommended,211820,8421879,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheDawgMiner,With new content added every few days this game is great and still in Beta! I can't wait to see what comes next!
,Recommended,211820,8512089,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Bester,I have to say even for an early beta game this has amazing potential. The crafting system is simple and intuitive. The possibilies are near endless with space travel for new and exciting possibilities. I highly recomend this game!
76561198014815026,Recommended,211820,27265115,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[Meyo]Frakura,Everything I wanted NMS to be.
,Recommended,211820,8002946,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Shimbeaux,"Kinda cool, there's space♥♥♥♥♥, multiplayer, farting aliens, and some other♥♥♥♥♥♥ maybe worth a buy. 11/10."
76561198010638019,Recommended,211820,7987862,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jinmu,Holy ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,8055017,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,piggylele,very nice
,Recommended,211820,8138337,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,man i dont even know anymore,pretty good right now cant wait till its acuttally out
,Recommended,211820,8144379,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Graeme,"Highly reccomended. If you enjoyed Terraria, you'll enjoy this game."
,Recommended,211820,8145803,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DiZ,This game is unbelievably fun and addictive ... and it's only in beta. I can't wait to see how great this game turns out to be.
,Recommended,211820,8146013,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Zeshae,Lots of fun and lots of potential! Recommended if you like builder/crafting + space exploration. I can't wait to start a server and play with my friends!
,Recommended,211820,8146412,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jakobe Sauce,"If you love Terraria, this is the game for you.  Mining, house building, Galactic travel, and you have your own spaceship!"
76561198025858442,Recommended,211820,8279978,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[FDC2] Shamanic Wolf,such goodiness much game.
,Recommended,211820,8651428,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Austin,Awesome game even though its in its beta stage. If you enjoyed Minecraft this is WAY better. A lot more in depth and involving
76561197977941492,Recommended,211820,8013210,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,BeBop_4u,"Insane amount of content within a game that is only merely in it's beta stages! If you enjoyed any aspect of Terraria be sure to purchase this game ASAP. The price for the content is absolutely amazing! It has a few kinks here and there that need to be worked out but it's a large, amazing game! I've only played a small amount and I'm hooked! It's incredible!+smooth animations+amazing music!+hundreds of random weapons!+Crafting! Quests/NPCs!!"
76561198121356138,Recommended,211820,9971169,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,missmeganmayo,"It's hard to find a game as easily approachable but difficult as Starbound. As a gamer I am more attracted to building and collecting as opposed to fighting, but its still fun to find and create weapons and armor. I loved Mario as a kid but also built crazy houses and people in games like the Sims, so ir is sort of a weird mashup with its own element mixed in. The game gets even better when you add mods in, which are easy to create and look fantastic for the most part. My boyfriend actually made me a Futurama mod so I could be Leela, and added Bender in just for kicks.Take it from someone who was skeptical at first, this game will rob you of many hours but it is so worth it."
,Recommended,211820,8789561,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,BlueNeonPinkie,"To those who think this is an exact clone of Terraria, think again. When you play it, it looks and feels like a whole new experience. I, for one, didn't enjoy Terraria in the slightest, but this game has me hooked. The atmosphere, the music, the art design, everything is bliss. Buy this if you can."
,Recommended,211820,8352508,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rewdalf,"Amazing.So much to do, see, and explore.Never a dull moment when you can planet hop on a whim...Highly recommended for anyone who enjoys a good side-scroll adventure."
,Recommended,211820,8459507,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,бейп,"Awesome, fun game. Totally worth it!10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8082219,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Last Hit,"If you loved Terraria, you will definitely like Starbound"
,Recommended,211820,9181470,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Nniouz,"At first I thought I wouldnt like it. That it would be too much like Terraria, but its really not.And who doesnt like space travelling huh? 5/5 from me."
,Recommended,211820,17606633,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Dokta,"After seeing No Man's Sky, I have new respect for this game"
76561198021434667,Recommended,211820,8385083,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TheWhiteWolf211,Great mix of terraria and sci fi
,Recommended,211820,8104396,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Storm Johnson -Fn6-,"Essentially Terraria in space.  Definitely buy it if you liked Terraria, but I would say wait until it is out of beta as it is very buggy in its current state, and character wipes are to be expected."
76561198060606660,Recommended,211820,7996534,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Alf,TERRARIA BUT 100000000000000000 TIMES BETTERif you like terraria or minecraft you will love this game for real
,Recommended,211820,8990007,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Robbie Rotten,If you don't own this game what's wrong with you.
76561198065041106,Recommended,211820,8236077,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,LeRoy Jenkins,I love this game.  Its like Minecraft and Terraria had kids.  2 Thumbs up on this game.
,Recommended,211820,8574983,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Seductive Salesman,This Video basically sums up my feelings for this game!http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1kctsPf1G3010/10
76561198078379822,Recommended,211820,8685347,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Gwyn,"Starbound is an amazing, adventure game. You craft, battle and theres a multiplayer so you can descover things with other friends. It's exciting, fun and there is never the same planet twice.A few things that make it a little lonly is that there is no creature that I have encountered that you can tame and make a pet. So sometimes you feel alone. I would add some domesticable animals so in single player mode you could have a pet/friend from your perspective.I would give this game, probably an 8/10 because I think all the lonlyness is worth the suspence.I hope you find this game as interesting as I did!-Gwinnie"
,Recommended,211820,9481795,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,gamer,Buy Starbound
,Recommended,211820,18161093,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,wald0,"There should be a hunger system in this game <3 and the ability to move while crouching maybe? Overall, one of my favorite games to play, can't wait for the next update!"
76561198027263797,Recommended,211820,8038596,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pedro Behr,"If you like terraria you will probably enjoy this.  At the price of $15 USD its a bit to drop on something still in beta but thankfully, missions aside, there is enough content available to merit purchase."
76561198041314301,Recommended,211820,8209496,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Gmoney,Its like a mix of Terraria and Star Trek with a bit of its own style. Swag
76561198042124174,Recommended,211820,7986539,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dirty_Donut,"Awesome Game, Must Buy for Terraria Fans, with amazing amount of large content, a ton of different mobs, items, planets and enviroments! Also great Fun in Multiplayer!"
,Recommended,211820,7962128,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,PlasmaChroma,"Terraria in space, pretty epic actually.  There is a lot of content it seems even for being just beta."
76561198043492453,Recommended,211820,16194599,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,[LK]lkhelben,Just like Terraria but in space with so many planets and Resources.If you get bored of terraria this is a really good replacement
76561197992509767,Recommended,211820,7985287,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Beladi,If you enjoy Terraria and Minecraft then this is the game for you. It takes Terraria and really expands on the idea and far more challenging.
76561198083482565,Recommended,211820,9042405,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Decekapa | Boobieland,Most awesome game ever :)
,Recommended,211820,27982228,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Kyneptic,"No, i have not played since the early days.No, i have not sunk 200 hours into this.No, i do not have a good enough computer to run this for extended amounts of time.No, i cant think of anything more to write.Yes, this game is awesome.Yes, you should get it.Yes, I got this for the full price and i enjoyed it.Yes, you should stop reading this now."
,Recommended,211820,7939222,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ɍ | Aryan Or Else.,"This game is probobly one of the BEST games i have ever played.. you guys have no idea what you are missing out on, Get this game NOW!"
,Recommended,211820,8005307,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,SpecialOps0,Just like terraria with more features.
76561197966754610,Recommended,211820,9462126,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,darK ✪,"Good game, better than Terraria and Minecraft IMO.Gets extremly boring at some point, right now all there is to do is mine, mine and mine some more... Hopefully we'll see the facet of the ''RPG'' soon."
76561198049174882,Recommended,211820,9227110,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Kush,beefy 9/11
,Recommended,211820,26986881,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Frznflm,10/10 would be an amnesiac body of gas again.
76561198162850130,Recommended,211820,30497847,Posted: 13 March,all,Ripplequake,The game of my dreams. Love this game so much.
76561198097548248,Recommended,211820,9025172,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Kelpy G.,"This is a beautiful game and I don't know how long I have played it! Although the wipes can be somewhat frustrating, I can be back and progressed in no time!"
,Recommended,211820,7991001,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Gay Elf,"I was sceptical at first, but decided to buy Starbound after friends reccomended it to me. It was certainly worth it, for a platformer, it is very in-depth and I feel I could spend forever discovering new worlds and items.Although very minor, the addition of multiple races of beings really creates the feeling that you are involved in an entire galaxy of planets."
,Recommended,211820,7955721,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Tadooz The True Potato-kins,"What can i say that has not been said? the enviorments are beautful and stunning, the worlds are vast and full of life (to a point), and you never know what you are going to find. Simply put, I'm impressed and happy to play this even in beta. they took what Terraria needed and polished it even more. Making a gem in the rough. i recomend this game to you, Your grandmother, hell give it to your dog or cat to play. it's a game that you will come back to over aand over. stop reading this and buy a copy right now...GO buy 2 or 3! Why are you still reading this!? GOOOOOOOO!!!"
76561198047682261,Recommended,211820,25349222,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,NagasakiWasGeometrical,"THIS A GOOD ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, BUY IT ♥♥♥♥WAD"
,Recommended,211820,8204363,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,StålFjord,I can't put this freaking game down 10/10! once you play there is no going back! goodbye life!
,Recommended,211820,9836536,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Stevan,w
,Recommended,211820,7955275,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,fuccboi,"Interesting gameplay, good animations, randomly generated monsters, planets, even weapons, craft system, skills(teleport, high jump, etc.), EVEN BIG WALKING ROBOTS, HOVERBIKES, BOSSES, ARMOR(you can paint armor), AND THOUZANDS OF THINGS I HAVEN'T DISCOVEREDBut right now the gaem is bugged a lot, sometimes it crashes, hard to launch(5-8 attempts for me) Of course, its beta.Also flashlight, i like it."
,Recommended,211820,7971028,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ozymanius,Starbound is a game about space travel and survival in hostile landscapes. The game is very fun to play with friends or alone and there is always something to do. Every planet is randomized with new dungeons and mobs. With over 1 billion planets in multiple sectors and updates on the way this game was worth every penny and may even be one of the best games this year.
,Recommended,211820,7966236,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pinokkio (4),"хорошая игра, бесконечные миры, много итемов"
,Recommended,211820,8105913,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,mgnplz,TOO MUCH FUN. SEND HELP.
76561198071113983,Recommended,211820,7988515,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,whotthe,"This game is amazing! it has it all, from planting crops to flying to other planets. I love it! The only problem i have had with it is that i cannot find almost any silver and you need that for missions, then when i got it, i got beaten by the mission boss, and have to restart the journey to get it again, that is a little bit of a let down. But you have to remember it is still only in beta, and hopefully you can fix some thing. Great work guys, Keep it up!!"
,Recommended,211820,7975490,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ask about my Knife,Great Game! I Reccomend To Everyone Especially Those Who Enjoy Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8287712,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Stealth,No words here.SImplyFreakingAmazingGameAwardSFAGA.RECOMMENDED12/10
,Recommended,211820,9696125,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,GabrielFlood,"The last time I had this much fun and enjoyment with a game prior to its actual release, was Minecraft years ago, and I think the correlation in concentration of fun and innovative ideas to be meaningful.I was a big fan of Terraria, and put many hours into it both here and on Xbox Live as well, so the obvious visual similarities and familiar control scheme made Starbound very accessible to me right from the get-go. That said, the game isn't at all difficult to play, so a new player shouldn't have much (if any) trouble picking up the keyboard-and-mouse schema for movement and mining. I see a lot of discussion on here where people are either insisting that Starbound is a completely different game from Terraria (which is untrue of any game with an essentially identical control scheme and visual style, regardless of genre, UI, or crafting mechanic tweak differences), or else insisting just as loudly that it's the exact same game and, as a copy, not worth purchasing if you already own Terraria (which is equally untrue, since if it were Dark Souls would never have sold a single copy to anyone who owned Demon's Souls, when in fact players who owned Demon's Souls were among the most excited and anticipatory to grab a copy of Dark Souls when it came out).The truth is that neither comparison, be it for or against, is accurate or even meaningfuldespite being completely justified and applicable. By which I mean, therearea lot of basic similarities; they just don't mean as much as one might assume they would. Sometimes more of a good thing is better, and after my extensive experience with Terraria I find that pertinent here. After crafting the best weapons and armors in my Terraria world, building a big base, and defeating all the bosses alongside my sister in multiplayer, Terraria's appeal started to fade, as the game was about as complete as it could get with its current arc of content, and my only option to continue became to start over entirely. Starbound's contrasting ability to warp to your ship and jet off to a new planet or moon from amongst hundreds of thousands of generated choices at any time addresses this content ceiling limitation beautifully. By folding the limit break into the game's very design and tonal feel (the joy and freedom of space exploration!), the total effect is one ofexpansion, both of game concept and content. Moreover, the crafting system is indeed different both in design and execution, being less linear-progression-by-material and more sprawling could-you-ever-find-them-all in its variations, down to the idea that each different species you can play as has a unique list of cooking recipes they begin with reflecting their species' unique tastes.My goals and priorities shifted: I was less likely to feel like building a huge base early on, focusing instead on function over form. I just needed a safe place to sleep on each moon I visited to explore, not a massive tree fortress or vast underground complex. Only later, once I had a solid battery of resources and equipment, did I suddenly realize I both could and wanted to focus on designating a ""home"" planet and location from which to serve as a larger base of operations for future explorations to originate from. That's added depth right there, from the start: I had toearnthe right, the means, to even feel like putting down anything beyond the shallowest of roots was a wise or materially justified notion. And on top of that, TWICE I thought I'd found the perfect planet for that base (verdant, green, beautiful!), only to discover that the wildlife on one was more aggressive and troublesome than I wanted to deal with on the regular, and on the other had already begun substantial construction when it began to rainacid freaking rainon me and I had to recognize that I maybe didn't want to live permanently on a planet that had constantly-forming pools of poisonous and damaging liquid everywhere. When I did finally build that base, it felt like I'd earned it. It was more exciting and rewarding building that complex, for me personally, than breaking ground or adding onto my massive underground hotel of NPCs in Terraria had ever been.So yes. This is not a clone of Terraria, it is merelystructurally recognizeableto Terraria players, and I find this game to be a truespiritual successorto that gem of a couple of years ago: More. Better. Broader.And on top of all of that,still in developmentat the time of this writing, which means new massive additions of content and refinements of play concepts as time goes on! I am very excited to see what this sprout grows into as time goes on.Fair warning to new Early Access purchasers, though! Many of the game's version updates enact ""universe-wipes"" out of necessity, erasing all established progress, characters, and any and all build progress on all worlds. This is understandably necesary to incorporate new game mechanics and content, but can be jarring to the player who eagerly invested hours without knowing that storm lay on the horizon. One of the necessary evils of Early Access! You've been warned.Now go explore that galaxy."
76561198118142811,Recommended,211820,8640974,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,John von Neumann,"If Starbound was a fully released game right now, I'd say it had only done alright, and that it was not polished so well.That being said, this is early beta.And for an early beta, this game is fantastic. Unlimited exploration, good art, and loads of content. I've had a great time with this game, and I feel that this game's playability and worth can only increase as it develops. It's loads of fun now, and I recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,7963283,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,JereBear,"Starbound is a side-scrolling adventure game on a galactic scale. The game, at it's core, could be considered Terraria In Space. Spaceships, and multiple planets to explore! Unlike Terraria, you're no longer limited to that set-in-stone world size. I'm not trying to hate on Terraria, as it was an amazing game too, but if you need a transition with similar playstyle, Starbound is a good, if not great, alternative.Starbound offers a variety of species to play as for your character creation. And, of course, there's a lot of space. Who doesn't like outer space? With lots of space, the game essentially comes with a plethora of planets to explore, all of which come in varied sizes, visuals, and hostilities. Some planets are below freezing point, some are dry desert planets, others are covered in ocean, or molten lava planets.And that's just the surface of those planets, many planets have completely different, and sometimes dark(scary/evil) undergrounds with different ores and block types, such as flesh. (Yes. flesh is a block.)Back when Starbound first came out, I was ecstatic, however, I was burnt out on Terraria, and side-scrolling adventure games overall. Just over 20 hours in and I was done with Starbound.What didn't help was that the game was of course still in it's early release, with very little direction/quests. However, I recently got back into the game and I can verify that Starbound has vastly improved since it's launch! It has direction, quests; The game guides the player, but not too much so that the game is holding my hand, more like a good nudge in the right direction to progress towards better gear and tools so the player does not wander around in the darkness (metaphorically speaking).The game is addicting, and vast, with astonishing improvements. The developer of Starbound is constantly working on the game. Starbound is a must have for anyone who enjoys Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,10466764,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,kermit,this is a very good game. its like terraria but 10000000X better! :D GET IT NOW!!
76561198122314712,Recommended,211820,8927549,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,RastroDeRosa,Hey guys for anyone reading this i think you should get this game if you like the same aspect of survival of space.it is also like terraria and minecraft because it is a sandbox.I recommend this game period.
76561198025573676,Recommended,211820,8985001,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Davos,"This game is just a bundle of fun! While it's still in the Beta stage, the playability is great. I'm excited for when it's finished and each aspect of the game feels whole."
76561198098118361,Recommended,211820,10202118,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,name chegg,if this game would be a potato it would be a very good potato
,Recommended,211820,8240690,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Просто Мишка,"It is like the utmost playable experience that can be had in such a game. I do not lie when I say this... the game plays more as a cinematic interactive story that you shape than the actually visible player journey in games such as Terraria.Interplanetary travel, ores beyond the eye, armor more diverse and versatile than anything I've ever seen, and co-op as enjoyable as playing Left 4 Dead with friends for the first time. And this is simply the Beta. For 14.99 as of the Beta's price, it is a sheer steal for a game destined to bring joy to its player.But far best of all, the greatest feature that revolutionizes gaming in this field...You Don't. Have To. Wear. Pants."
,Recommended,211820,7968571,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fizzi Milk,What are you looking at? Buy it already.
,Recommended,211820,8512153,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tony Chromosetti,"Quite good, Starbound has a lot of content considering the game is only in it's early beta stage right now. Glitches can and do occur while playing, though none of them are serious, and they're not that common."
,Recommended,211820,9394686,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,seka,"Very fun game to explore, lots of use for various resources so nothing goes to waste. Balanced enviroment and in some cases strategic planning required before progression. Expecting it to be better as it progresses."
,Recommended,211820,10576340,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,gayvian,bird/10
,Recommended,211820,8385970,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ReckyDaGuy,"I don't know what this genre is even called (Minecraftlike? Building Sandbox? Apompapalozza?) but I'll just say this is the finest of it's genre, even if it is kinda not finished."
,Not Recommended,211820,8467691,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Xsaber999,"AVOID THIS GAME UNTIL THE DEVS FINISH IT.  If they ever do.  Actually, **** it.  Don't buy this game UNLESS the devs ""finish"" it, and even then make sure it's really finished before you buy it.Scroll to the August 4th update to see my final impression of the game as it is.Just to get this straight, I wanted to like Starbound, but I just HATE the people working on it.  Their rudeness and attitudes toward customer dissatisfaction is comparable to that of the average four-year-old brat.  If you visit the update page or official page or any forum of theirs you'll crack up about how unfair everything is moderated there.  If you want to see how angry everyone really is about Starbound, look at the reddit forums.  The ones that are modded by Chucklefish are strictly favoring Chucklefish; any form of dissent or anger toward them on their pages get the poster banned and their comment deleted.  NO MATTER HOW POLITE THEY ARE ABOUT IT.http://i.imgur.com/jMNPDCl.pngDec 31, 2013 @ 6:07pm:While I love the concept and enjoy the visuals, I feel that Starbound still needs some major optimizations if it hopes to be really great in my eyes.  I'm still giving this game a thumbs up though, only because I know the devs will fix these issues eventually, and that the game will be absolutely amazing when it is done.  I recommend Starbound to everyone who feels like leaving Earth and taking to the stars because that is just what this game allows you to do.9/10Edit Jul 1, 2014 @ 1:50pm:*Bottom Line statement at the bottom for those who do not want to read my rant about the progression system and whatnot.*Con: After 6 months of watching the devs crank out content for Starbound, I could not help but notice that everything they put into the game improved content, but not character.  I am a little disappointed to say that as the devs continue to develop Starbound's progression system and introduce new content, they are forgetting to develop what makes, or rather could make, Starbound a better game: the story.  The story of the game as it is now is quite linear, telling players exactly what they need to do in order to progress to the next tier of equipment and planets and eventually reach the ""endgame"" content.  Once they move onto the next tier of planets, it becomes meaningless to return to the previous tier of planets, as the loot does not improve in quality and resources for that tier are rarely ever used after progressing.  By creating this sort of ""one way road"" type progression system, Starbound really loses the sense of freedom that its spiritual predecessor, Terraria, enjoyed.Con: On a similar point, bosses are fun and enjoyable to fight, but again quite meaningless.  They do nothing more than push the story onward, and as of now have absolutely no backstory or dialogue associated with them.Pro: The different factions seem to have shown some progression from six months ago, with interfaction conflicts looking like a possibility for the future of the game.  As a fellow Floran, I have been hated on by the Apex quite a lot, and while I do not enjoy being hated, I do appreciate that some faction elements have been worked on since my last review and that choosing your race is no longer meaningless.Bottom Line:I like that the devs are pushing out more item content for Starbound, and would like to see even more weapons and technology in the future.  What I hope the devs realize is that items do not make up the entire game, and that the story and progression system are also important to develop in order to make the game complete.  Over the next few months I hope that more story content gets developed as opposed to weapon content and that the game becomes more meaningful.  I am confident that the devs will fix improve these aspects eventually and, therefore, still recommend the game to those hesitant on whether they should buy it or not.  It is still a game in development, after all, so I can't judge it like the issues will never be fixed.8/10Edit Jul 1, 2014 @ 9:30pm:That said, a note to the devs:  Please do not stop caring about Starbound like a lot of people have been saying and make me look and feel like a total fool for believing you would fully develop and perfect this game.  You'll get a dislike from me if you do, I swear!Edit Aug 4, 2014 @1:30pm:After reading up on the dev blog and looking at all the ""talk"" (I was going to replace that with a different four letter word) going around about the game getting done really fast with nightly builds and all, I can no longer recommend this game for people looking to buy it.  At least not now.  Wait until the devs gets their acts together and have made some amount of progress on this game.  Right now, nothing is getting done; there is marginal improvement at best from where the game was 8 months ago, and the content the devs say they're going to put in does not appear to be even close to being put in.  So wait, eager buyers.  Bide your time; this game is nothing but a disappointment right now."
,Recommended,211820,8022531,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ben,"BUY THIS GAME NOW. BUY IT. I DONT CARE IF YOU DONT HAVE ANY MONEY, TAKE OUT A SECOND MORTGAGE ON THE HOUSE AND BUY THIS GAME"
,Recommended,211820,8307015,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Snakes,An egyptian alien killed me with a lazer gun and i respawned only to be gangbanged by a group of birds throwing up fire balls.Needless to say 13/10
,Recommended,211820,7922597,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sealion,Play dis game unless you a punkass
,Recommended,211820,8657137,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Novite,"Terraria reimagined in space, with improved gameplay in nearly every way. What more can I say?"
,Recommended,211820,8570231,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Zombiebuttcheek,"Very fun game. You can explore many worlds and create many tools/weapons. Basically it's Terraria, but it has a much bigger environment and never ending places to go and a lot of things to do. This game is still only in Beta and I think it has really become one of my favorite games to play. At first I was a bit skeptical about how this game would be, but it's definitely worth the money if you like games like Terraria and Minecraft."
76561198068742893,Recommended,211820,8352246,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Venomlicious,"Amazing game! If you love terraria you will love this. Every planet is a new adventure, endless possibilities, along with a bit of a challenge here and there. The game will keep you playing for hours and you'll love every bit of it"
,Recommended,211820,9161751,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Desertfox 911,"This is by far, one of the greatest games ever made. Buy it, play it, love it, its that simple."
76561198093537499,Recommended,211820,8814141,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,CreamySoda,This game is amazing. Its already a bestseller on steam. It will be a hit once it is out of beta
,Recommended,211820,9725023,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,페니,"Starbound is by far my favorite game of this genre. The game is still in development so you might feel like a few things are missing, but the game to me is still great and very playable. I've played almost 70 hours and I will play more especially when more updates roll out. I recommend this game if you like a game that has lots of potential, if you look forward to updates or even if you like contributing to the community to help shape the game."
76561198078452279,Recommended,211820,8395713,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shredney,nice game
,Recommended,211820,7948422,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Just a normal GuY,This is one of the most impressive games I've ever seen. It brings Terraria's gameplay to a totally different level. Amazing.
,Recommended,211820,8850374,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kota & Asriel,"Alright, I see what these ignorant ""reviewers"" say about the slow progress updates of this game, but it's obviously in VERY early beta and there is just not alot of visible work on the game that the developers can ""show"" people through their ""Weekly Update Roundups"" or their nightly builds. they are working their hardest to push a HUGE update by the end of the year marked ""Starbound 1.0"". While not even close to the final version of the game, it will be a significant improvement to the latest stable build, and tons of new stuff will be added. This game has lots of potential, (in its current state it is still fun and I have to say TONS of roleplay for what this game currently is), and I'm really excited for what this game will become. Of course I can yet be proven totally wrong and the game may crash into♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that is my highly-unlikely worst case scenario. At least for those negative reviewers out there, as my dad always says, ""Pessimists are never dissapointed."" And I hope you'll come to love this game.Original Review:While this game is still in early beta, it already has much to offer. Jumping to different galaxies, merchant ships, diverse planets, and high tech technology in a 2D sandbox game (hopefully quests soon) are well worth the price."
76561198079565852,Recommended,211820,9500352,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Nutkilla,One of the best games I have ever played do yourself a favor and get it
76561198064032140,Recommended,211820,8613058,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Shadowsoul,"If you don't own this game, I feel sorry for you"
76561198044421311,Recommended,211820,8917863,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Rangamane,"This game is seriously so addicting and so immersive that I am having a hard time pressing the ""Save and Quit"" option..."
,Recommended,211820,9389329,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,money gang,I can wear a giant green condom on my head 10/10
76561198044802824,Recommended,211820,8917543,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,"Deturgu Vishnu, Ape Slayer",This game is going to be amazing. Already fun as hell to play in the beta.
,Recommended,211820,8339132,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,spetsnaz,"This game has endless possibilities, is a lot nicer to look at than Terraria, and also is ever changing since the number of worlds in the game is infinite.Customizable characters, 6 different races each with their own special abilities. Not to mention it has all sorts of weapons and vehicles. Endless NPC's also. The game randomly generates them. So you never know whats coming at you. Also, endless quests. Why not."
76561198072993294,Recommended,211820,9380853,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,=IBM=Crazyandy1,AWESOME!!!! Need I say more?
,Recommended,211820,9083712,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Momo ',awesomeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee !
,Recommended,211820,7957433,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,lightenhope,"This game is worth the money. it puts terraria to shame. It has amazing graphics, space travel, quest, and enemies that actually give you a challenge. The music alone is just all out amazing, espically when your in battle the music brings you into the mood that your about to go into a epic battle.If your looking at this game as a cheap rip off to terraria dont, look up some reviews some gameplay."
76561198038899607,Recommended,211820,8182022,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mage of Void,"For this early access game its pretty good, Its like terraria wich isnt such a bad thing."
,Recommended,211820,8242632,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,penoot,"This game is so fun! Sure it may be very similar to Terraria, but the feel of the game is just so different!"
76561198076141654,Recommended,211820,8911138,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Corge-With-A-Bone,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing!..;//;..I'm in love with something new..Omg...
,Recommended,211820,7964623,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,CTi flauxhawk,"2 days... 40 hours already... Oh GOD I CAN'T STOP... so many planets to explore... so much ore to mine... so many airships to find... and villages... and hidden chests... MUST... CRAFT... BETTER... STUFF...This game, as a spiritual successor to Terraria, expands upon the gameplay of its predecessor to bring you a galaxy to explore. Fuel up your starship, head out to other planets, find a suitable home, build a castle (or laboratory, or whatever...), maybe do some farming, then head out when you're ready for more adventure.AND IT'S ONLY IN BETA. For God's Sake, buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,11000912,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Defye,Awesome!
76561198015384872,Recommended,211820,8558065,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Von Blitz,If you like Terraria or Minecraft
,Recommended,211820,9132353,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sir Fr0st,"Great game, has LOTS of potential. even though that it is still in beta, its pretty fun"
,Recommended,211820,8916316,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Diggler,Great game lots of fun.
,Recommended,211820,9057802,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,King Smoooooth the Lady Queller,"While yes it is a lot like Terraria, it is a very enjoyable game. Terraria was an amazing game and i played it on my PS3 for hours and hours so to me this game is a direct callout. While yes $15 is more than some want to play for a side scrolling mining game, But it is much more than that. Tons of differant terrains and an infinite amount of planets means there is ALWAYS somewhere you haven't explored and loot you haven't gotten. Throw a few friends into the mix and you won't want to leave your house and your girlfriend will yell at you for smelling so bad because you refuse to quit playing even for a moment. You don't have a poop bucket? You might want to go out and buy one before this is done downloading. And on top of all this..... it's only in beta. Which means much more on the way10/10 Must buy"
,Recommended,211820,8587463,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Kens 'o' Lantern,"StarBound is a 2D SandBox game where you can play as 8 fully customizable races of aliens, you have fled your home planet in a customizable space ship and crashed on another planet.   Scavenge the planet for materials (metals and jewels) and fuel (coal).   once you have done that you can travel to other planets, find yourself some Godly powers and rule the entire of everything. THE ENDYes it is a VERY VERY VERY + VERY good game, You should buy it.     Yes i mean you...   but maybe not you...   or you.    Just buy it."
76561197999890223,Recommended,211820,9136979,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dalestov,I found Starbound very enjoyable but highly addictive...I highly recommend this game!
76561197976750007,Recommended,211820,8852093,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bobby V,This game is awesome and it's still in beta phase. I was a huge fan of Terraria and this game is all that and so much more.
76561198044858942,Recommended,211820,8871270,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Snickers (Fun Size),You will never know what you will encounter. This game is full of suprises and is probably worth more than $15. Get this game and you will sit in front of your computer for hours!
76561198028640020,Recommended,211820,8977399,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,DoomWyrd,"Since the Upbeat Giraffe build update, Starbound has really come into its own. There are still improvements to be made, but I feel like I can now recommend this game with no caveats."
,Recommended,211820,8815638,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Derek,"If you like Terraria then you will LOVE Starbound. It is the superierior game and it takes place on many planets. You will fight countless randomly generated creatures as you explore vast planets which have varrying biomes. You get a ship to chill in. You love diamond armor and picks? You won't appriciate it as much after playing Starbound, the materials used for tools in this game will blow you away.If you want a new addictive game to play and like the whole build your world and mine concept, then you should look into Starbound while it is still beta. Jump in and choose from one of the exciting races before the other people do. To the stars!"
,Recommended,211820,9484960,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Bert John,"GREAT Game, concept, Possibilities, The friendly developer's and community, Just fantastic, 9.5/10. Why 9.5? Why not 10? Well there's a lot of griefer's in this game, little silly amount of them, but still fun, never the less."
76561198116606426,Recommended,211820,8230009,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,ClipBoard,My kid loves terraria and now he is in love with this game
76561198020541424,Recommended,211820,8298512,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Linkboy3,WOW... just wow
76561198023539048,Recommended,211820,9347636,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Hrglug,"After 12 hours, I'm still having a lot of fun! Great feeling of exploration with different ways to approach progression. This is exactly what I wanted it to be!"
76561198078902898,Recommended,211820,8748790,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,YourGuyJacob,Right this game goes on forever. Let's just get that out of the way. It has so many things to do and an endless amount to explore. There's tons of mods for it making it even more extensive AND ITS ONLY IN BETA!
,Recommended,211820,8851084,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ghosta,"Starbound has name for itself now, ""Its Terraria 2.0"", but its more than that with its randomized dungeons, random gravity, random encounters and much more, its mods make it amazing and its plan in the future such as space combat will make it one of the best sandbox games , yesterday i found a dungeon style i had never seen in starbound and after thinking i had explored the whole planet i found even more to the dungeon, i dont want to spoil so i will just say as a beta this is amazing, but with its bugs i had a bit of problems with it but overall this game is amazing, 9.5/10WINTER UPDATE REVIEWOMG this gam iz mazing bugs in the past IS GONNNNNE"
,Recommended,211820,8211698,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,I like the plot,"This game has gobbled more of my time than a thanksgiving turkey.Even though the game is in beta and constanly improving, it already displays a certain sheen of professionalism that holds out hope for the future of this game, if you want to actively be a part of the development and continuous improvement of a fantastic game, then buy it now. If you want to buy a fantastic game with a LOT of gametime that is virtually guaranteed, then buy the game later, in any case GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,211820,9213730,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,noocybbuS,"This game is very addictive, keeping your attention for many hours. It isnt even fully created yet, and yet I can spend all day playing it."
,Recommended,211820,8023257,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Zeuxxify,"This is the best game I've ever p;ayed.No doubt in my mind that this isn't going to be BIG when it's released.It's kind of like a mixture of all th games I've played, but this game is honed in onthe MONSTERS.The mobs in this game and along with everything else is totally randomized.GET THIS GAME NOW..Edit: The Winter Update?I'm dieing."
,Recommended,211820,9072084,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Nooseman,its pretty cool m8
,Recommended,211820,8017745,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Rezon8r,"Absolutely brilliant game. It's got the endless creativity aspect of Minecraft and Terraria, as well as a plot (sort of) and space travel. Not to mention, the soundtrack is fantastic. I can't wait to see how this game turns out in the future.EDIT (As of Upbeat Giraffe)Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought this day would never come. Yes, it was a long time coming, but as anyone who has come back to play it now would say, it's so worth it. SO much new content. Highly Highly recommend."
76561198067711812,Recommended,211820,7962457,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Kenopy24™,Is the best game i ever played in steam
76561198020622979,Recommended,211820,8670538,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MacheteJeff,If you like terraria then this is the game for you. in stead of one world to play on you get an infinit amount of them.
76561198067631999,Recommended,211820,9307415,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,🌟Ismerila🌟,"This game, yes, is like Terraria. But it's better. It's better because-The tools you use are more friendly, and with the ability to assign things to your mouse button allows you to either change to those weapons or tools instantly, or use things in both hands. It's the press of a button that makes for combat more intense, or for when you need those diamonds or titanum in that moon when you're running out of air.The lore, is beautiful. And by beautiful, I mean there is so much stuff to find out, explore, and do. It's rich and deep, and it makes getting drawn into the game that much better.The player to surroundings ratio is better than that of Terraria. In this game you feel like your character is closer to human build, rather than the little chibi sizes of Terraria, and it helps add to the distinct feel of this game.This is in Beta. They're talking about adding new content almost daily. And this is already an amazing, crazy good game in my opinion. This has all the makings of a great game already, and it's still building. It's worth checking out."
,Recommended,211820,7966225,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,The_Law,This is a must buy game if you like sandbox or exploration games (especially if you like terraria or minecraft).it does have a few similarities to terraria like the tile system it uses but it is its own game.The setting and story are great with a great combat system to top that.I would suggest waiting to get it when its out of early access though.
,Recommended,211820,8052962,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Jonasma,this game is awsome and big
,Recommended,211820,8041200,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Tiggered,great game and real good way to waste a few hours :)
76561198024898684,Recommended,211820,8620233,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Dracomancer,"A game that is still going through a few changes; never the less, it is still a great game and has the same feeling as its older brother, ""Terraria"". I highly recommend it to anyone who is looking for a game like ""Terraria"" but with more story behind it, harder enemies and a lot more exploration. (I mean, instead of exploring different biomes in a single world; you explore different GALAXIES in the entire UNIVERSE!)(Furthermore it ALSO seems like playing with others will be a LOT simpler than Terraria did it).All in all, alot of the core gameplay in starbound is ""Terraria"", but it's not very noticable.a Tip: If you didn't like something in Terraria / you are unsure whether to pick it up or not; I'ld recommend picking up Starbound during a sale."
,Recommended,211820,8497592,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,☁Juvia☁,An incredible multiplayer experience. Join your friends on an adventure through space.
76561198047358155,Recommended,211820,8036896,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Vox,Endless Fun
,Recommended,211820,7935160,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Bombboa,"Amazing game with tons of content so far, cant wait till they release more updates. If you can get past some of the bugs and realise that it is a beta and these are going to be fixed then you will enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,211820,8151073,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ginsan21,good bye  social life .
76561198059578929,Recommended,211820,8457713,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Thecave_Dweller,"Space. Its big, so is this game."
,Recommended,211820,9188511,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Kaze,"Starbound is a great RPG with endless ""minecraft/Terraria"" Engine. There is no limitation just creativity.Player get to choose 5 race and is highly costumizable.8.5/10"
76561197995648385,Recommended,211820,8194831,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Zaleck,This game is do ♥♥♥♥ing fun its the 2D Minecraft with better♥♥♥♥♥♥to do
76561197999674694,Recommended,211820,9088044,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Ziliot,This game is awesome! Get it...You will not regret it!
76561198003035542,Recommended,211820,9932107,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,HUELITARD,Le Terraria Killer tout simplement.
,Recommended,211820,30302132,Posted: 3 March,all,Aurumir,Easily one of the best games I have ever played. It's just 2D Skyrim in space. Minus the Fus Ro Dah-ing.
,Recommended,211820,8852138,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Dijitaal,Great fun! What else can I say? If your a fan of Terraria like I am this is a must buy! More Biomes! More Items! A WHOLE GALAXY TO EXPLORE! What are you waiting for? BUY IT!
,Recommended,211820,8468283,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Just Matt,Its fun
,Recommended,211820,9072646,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Self-aware Weeb,AMAZING game! Recommend everyone to buy this!
,Recommended,211820,8835539,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Zandalari,Like Terraria but better
76561198079645521,Recommended,211820,8243589,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sir KTA Reese,Fun
76561198060705882,Recommended,211820,9705579,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,KillerQueen,This game is awsome they realy made a good game it would be the best if they hade some more patches and updates and added more wepons and armor
,Recommended,211820,8098052,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Greasy Chanka-Chan,"Starbound is an exciting Adventure and Action game with hours of fun. Even though it is in early Beta, I definetly see more potential in Starbound than in Terraria. I can't wait to see what comes in future updates. 9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,10204770,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Justb_,"Starbound, a game that goes beyond the stars of epicness. A beautiful, lovely, fantastic indie game. Feel in love with Terraria? Get ready to fall in love again and even more so. As it stands, Starbound is great game with beautiful art, amazing soundtrack, great content, and hours and hours of exploring the galaxy. Even in early acess this game is great, if the dev stoped now it would still be great. But the devs are working hard and putting lots of great additions and love into this game. I extremelly excitied to see where this game goes, it got so much amazing beauty in it and will only become better has its galaxy expands into more epicness. BUY IT NOW! JOIN the great expanison into epicness, it is such a lovely and awesome game. Easily worth full price!"
76561198017971555,Recommended,211820,8136889,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bjornir,"Even though this game is only in Early-Access Beta, it has managed to provide many hours of wonderful co-op entertainment. From sprawling jungles to dangerous deserts, this game has a ton of content to provide nearly countless hours of joy. If you don't mind the occasional character wipe due to beta updates, then grab a buddy and pick yourself up a copy or two.This game feels a lot like a similar game which I will not name, however, I feel as though it improved upon just about every aspect of Terraria. At the present moment, you can explore about half a dozen galaxies, chock-full of monster and ore infested planets. You can kill a few bosses, and find excellently built random-generated content. Best of all, it is very easily modded. The game is not complete yet by a long shot, and the developers have announced TONS of additional content which is in the works.If you aren't too keen on Beta wipes, by all means, hold off for now. However, I highly suggest that you don't pass up on this excellent co-op experience. Even if you feel crabby and don't want to talk to your friends, then lock yourself up and play by yourself; You won't regret it."
76561198071259223,Recommended,211820,8722841,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Grandpa#Whippersnappers,I think this is the only game that has had me jump and rob a hobo in the wild...
,Recommended,211820,8607721,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,BONES,Good game. It is like Terraria 2.0 so if you like those kinds of games I strongly recomend it! It is a great way to spend a day or some time relaxing! It takes some getting used to...
,Recommended,211820,9145706,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Scott Sterling,Funny animal noises and fun exploration n stuff.
76561198006834433,Recommended,211820,8905428,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,James Russell,"Very fun to mess around with, although it's still very incomplete and suffers from the main problem of all sandbox games, which is that there is no real structure to it.  Apart from some boss battles to move on to new sectors, you're basically mining and building things for no real purpose other than to do them.  Hopefully the procedural quest system will be implemented soon to give players more things to do.  Still, it's quite fun, and the developers are very dedicated and responsive, so I have faith that this game will be great.  I would recommend it, but others may get bored in its current form"
,Recommended,211820,8061491,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tomrade,amazingly charming
,Recommended,211820,7939091,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,KoBa,Minecraft... doneTerraria... doneNext step: STARBOUND... wooohoooo!Freaking and astonishing game.As far as I see its fun as hell and the music remembers me of old Minecraft Alpha Times. <3Who said you cant fell in love with a video game?! ;)Hope my girlfriend isnt reading this! haha
76561198004743054,Recommended,211820,8566246,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bastt,"If you minecraft and Terraria, buy this game. It has SPACE!"
,Recommended,211820,9441764,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,More,Starbound is an awesome game. I HIGHLY suggest this game for it has an amazing singe-player and the multiplayer is just as good if you have friends to play with.
,Recommended,211820,8756732,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Icyflamedragon,"9/10. The game is near perfect, even in beta. The creatures are cool,The world is always cool in its own way, and it is just realy well made. For me, one of the best parts is probobly the music.Go get it, its awsome."
,Recommended,211820,7987179,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,WarNorth,"This is a must play sandbox game. Even though its only the beta right now, its probably one of the best sandbox games i have ever played."
,Recommended,211820,8268088,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Scootiie,Amazing!
76561198048551862,Recommended,211820,8605498,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Duster,"An Epic Unique Adventure, where nothing remains the same. Prepare yourself for a hard survival experience. Prepare to fight for survival, or die. Travel through the stars or remain grounded upon the planet you have warped too. An Enjoyable Experience."
,Recommended,211820,8082148,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Kana ♥,Terraria with spaceships and planets....hmmm thats...just...AWESOME!!9/10 I guess xD
,Recommended,211820,8638644,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ninjasteve101☠,This game is really fun i love it THe Exploration is Epic
,Recommended,211820,8916804,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Zetra,"Geat game, wish Starbound had their own hosted public server pubs to play on, then again its a early access game. Very fun to play I recommend."
,Recommended,211820,8079665,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Aksuu,"Amazing. I cant believe this game is in beta, as it just feels so huge. 10/10"
76561198130491346,Recommended,211820,10545380,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bataylor2000,this game is aswm better than minecraft and terareiabut one thing i dont like is that each race craft same basic stuff<:D
,Recommended,211820,23315851,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,vylaii,"I gotta review this. Now.So, let's get right on the ball. Starbound, is just a game about exploring the stars, with no boundaries intended (you're basically in a open-universe) that allows you to freely travel to each system you choose, and with friends, it's a fun experience.Seen this game in it's early stages, but now that I've gotten the cash, and also the impression that I should start cashing in when the sales kick in. Not a bad idea, but I don't regret buying and I don't have a reason why I should refund it.Just super great. Now launch me off a space platform and send me sailing down into a lava-filled planet.. and let me get some minerals."
,Recommended,211820,8320349,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Berris Fueller,is rly cool
,Recommended,211820,27935336,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gh0ST,"PROS:- 7 Playable races- Ability to build colonies- Large range of weaponry- Unique armors for each race (Sadly without unique abilities)- Space Travel- Endless worlds to travel- Great soundtrack which really matches the theme of the game- A wide range of cosmetic items- Is still being updated for additional features- Has mods which greatly improve the gameCONS:- Characters in the storyline are not memorable- Very few servers (SEA)- Still has room for additional featuresIn my opinion, Starbound is absolutely spot-on, containing a large variety of features and a whole worldto explore. Despite all this, I find the storyline too bland, which revolves in the same objective over and over again. Be that as it may, Starbound can be enjoyable if you fancy exploring, surviving, and building, and can be even more enjoyable if you have a friend to play with."
,Recommended,211820,8024551,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,t0bias,"Great game so far, just needs a few improvements and FPS is quite choppy. I've had nothing but fin playing this game, keep in mind that it is beta and will constantly update. Also I've been having some issues but in all, this game is amazing and dont hesitate to buy it."
76561198073642522,Recommended,211820,8042183,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Clawmaster,THIS GAME ROCKS SO MUCH HYPE HYPE HYPE!
,Recommended,211820,8076187,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,wolfmoonshine,"This game is Terraria on space shark testosterone straight from the ball sack. Which, in my opinion, is great for a video game. You can poke animals that never look quite the same (but similar) on planets that have the same stuff in different order. So yeah, variety. You can build stuff using metals and♥♥♥♥♥♥you find, like ores that are diferent shades of silver, or that have a slight blue tint. Use that to make swords with fancier hilts and colors to hit stuff harder. Or, go find a city or any structure that isn't yours and pillage the♥♥♥♥♥♥out if it. Reap and plunder any goods with no moral downside. Oh yeah, you can be a robot or a bird. Whatever makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside."
,Recommended,211820,10274555,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Leo Decroix,"Played so many hours of this one, alright gameplay. But i do love the graphics, I think they're cute and fun."
76561198108362578,Recommended,211820,10055869,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Jakuwobi,Great game Great graphics Great sound/music I highly recommend it
12312342345631236,Recommended,211820,9356764,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,LiL YACHTY «CS.MONEY»,"the game is very good, I would even say I'm fine and all my friends are playing it in a heartbeat at the beginning there were some drawbacks but you have them is immediately removed from the game Super game thanks to the developers"
,Recommended,211820,9467354,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Alifyandra,i just dont like the start of the game where everything is sos slow
76561198034955349,Recommended,211820,10192820,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Jack Cronenberg,"I like the game. Especially all the concepts and ideas. But at the moment although the universe is vast, the game is quite empty. Yeah, there is nice furniture all over the place, but the game makes me feel lost and I don't know what to do.Couple of months ago, I went through the whole game basically, got every armor, weapon and so on. But the progression was broken♥♥♥♥♥♥at the time. And from what I've read, I suspect it didn't change a lot. I don't say it won't improve. But it remains to be seen if it will.I like the graphics and the feeling of the game. However, the monster design is a little disappointing. They all look like friendly little pokemon. That really kind of ruins the whole spirit of the game for me. It's all about exploration and stuff, but no matter which planet I visit, I find the same kind of creature everywhere, which happens to be a kind I do not particularly like. Well, I'd certainly like to see that one fixed, but I'm afraid it's not going to happen.All that being said, it can't be denied that the game has great potential, and I hope the devs will manage to make use of it. We'll see."
76561198118798398,Recommended,211820,8537094,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hedgehog,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,211820,8549402,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Behemothahn,"If you kinda like Terraria, then you are realllly going to like this."
,Recommended,211820,9237095,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,whoop,"Bought it for the music, stayed for the awesome game."
76561198074892041,Recommended,211820,10040908,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,El Mikeo,This game will give you hours of fun. I was hooked after the first 20 minutes.This game was extremely difficult to start out with but eventually the game became slightly easier. This game constantly has new and exciting things to do and is deffidently worth picking up.
76561198050566342,Recommended,211820,8764271,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SCN-3_<NULL>,"A really unique approach of extraplanetary and planetary exploration brings a whole new dimention to to the usual 2D sandbox .This game is a highly recommended to players who like to explore and get a taste of the in game random generation of terrain, monsters and weapons.Also a unique yet not used in most sandbox game is the ABC notation for music playback, upon finding yuor first instrument you get to play songs that you can add to your game file to show off your music or play it as a band in a multiplayer server.The down side is that it is still in beta, so all of your hard earned progress may be wiped from one update to another.This game get's a 9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8501739,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,yung gravy,"Best Game Ever. So much fun content, I havent been able to put it down for days."
,Recommended,211820,7973795,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Daddy Dijon,
76561198107460859,Recommended,211820,9169468,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Mtthw,"This game is absolutely brilliant, I would love this as it was now for a full game, but it's only beta still! I can tell this will be absolutely huge when finished, definite buy."
76561198073642968,Recommended,211820,7934538,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Bartholomew,Buy this game. No questions and just love it forever
76561198087192400,Recommended,211820,9862767,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Ultimate Paul,"Better than Terraria, Star Wars and Terraria mixed into one."
,Recommended,211820,9894703,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Terra Vagus,Very fun and addictive. Especially if you like Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8589965,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,DemonLordMudkip,This game is super good and I can't wait to see it completed.
76561198117823723,Recommended,211820,9151039,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,magnificentmicrowave1,Starbound is an amazing game definetly get it
,Recommended,211820,9058836,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Avyon404,The object of Art is to give life a shape.
76561198029194795,Recommended,211820,8045420,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Klum30326,This game is surprizingly addictive.
,Recommended,211820,9123578,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Apollucas,"Wow, Starbound really has come a long way since they launched it with this new update. This new update made the game at least TEN times better! New enemies, weapons, combat system (my fav :3), missions cooking recipes, items, biomes and so much more!Just like I said last time, It really is worth buying it.This game earns a 9 out of 10."
76561198077104560,Recommended,211820,8286166,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mr. Owl,Amazing game! The crafting system is soo deep and the fun is nuts! If you like minecraft and anything like it then i highly recommend this game! Also if you love minecraft i would look at 7 Days to Die because that is an wesome game too! Watch some let's plays too it helps to convonce you a lot and get you into the game to decide whether you want it or not.
76561198071242934,Recommended,211820,8075263,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Cuddlefish,"9/10An amazing Terraria-like style game, with space adventure, sweet tech abilities, a variety of races, and loads of stuff to craft, fight, and explore!  If you like Terraria, and want something similar but a little different, this game is perfect AND IT'S STILL BEING IMPROVED!  This game is in my opinion on-par with Terraria in its own unique style.  The only issues I have are that the fighting system needs a little work but that's nothing in comparison to this amazing game!  Playing this game with friends is so sweet too!  Get this game."
,Recommended,211820,8289223,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,tapp - best no scoper in go,"Terraria in space with pokemon (kind of). It's a great game, no doubt about it. However it's still in beta so you should take caution to that. There are character wipes when there are big patches and bugs, but I've never encountered any. I reccomend it for people who enjoy Terraria, Minecraft, or any other sandbox game that takes patience. Seriously, get it. It's friggin' great."
,Recommended,211820,8373234,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Nawaf,The game is still in development and does not have much to offer at this moment but its still a very fun game with great atmosphere and an amazing soundtrack!
76561198040780053,Recommended,211820,7961506,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,GlitchSwitch,GUD
,Recommended,211820,8669309,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Pineapple,Great Game...Alot like Terraria too!:DBuy The Game
,Recommended,211820,8439996,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Skaduush,If you like Terraria you will enjoy Starbound. Currently still in Early Access but full of potential to surpass its peers. Well worth getting in early on the development stage and hopefully having a voice in the direction of the end product.
76561198037849474,Recommended,211820,7953494,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ai,This game is great and I personaly think that even if you don't like how the game looks should give it a try. I can't say it's amazing because it's still in beta with a host of bugs to sort out but after the full game comes out it will definitly be worth your time.
76561198070589571,Recommended,211820,8061658,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Caleb,"One of the greatest games i have played recently.The gameplay is spot on with a comfertable control scheme and perfect sensitivity.The planets, while randomly generated the coordinates are the same for everyone. so if someone goes to a planet in their singleplayer, you can just punch in the same coordinates and go to an unedited version of that planet. but the universe is infinite as far as i know.the art direction and style is similar to that of terraria, being a 2D game and all. the players are 2 blocks by 4 blocks.however, starbound is a bit more sci-fi/scientific kind of thing while terraria is a magical journey through rainbows and unicorns. I'm not even kidding that is the skin of terraria. but the real kicker is that starbound is a space explaoration game giving you an infinite number of worlds and it comes with a customizible spaceship. so you know, 11/10"
,Recommended,211820,8872088,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,L A N U,A rip off of Star Wars.
,Recommended,211820,7982771,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,what animAAL IS MUTTON,"FunLike TerrariaDon't play with people who constantly grind ,they will get ahead of you fast (Kuzon)8/10"
,Recommended,211820,8324756,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Corncake,"At first this game was quite annoying(I kept dieing, or maybe I am just really bad) but after I got started it became really fun and addicting, I would highly reccomend this to anyone questioning whether or not to buy this. There is loads of new things to do and I can guarentee there will be hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,211820,8266776,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Zeo,Games an awesome upgraded terraria. Any of those who loved terraria will fall in love with this one.
,Recommended,211820,8041428,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jeff Cogan,"Excellent, worth the $15, very easy to make mods/texture packs, so I love it even more"
,Recommended,211820,23774557,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Fidel Castro Approved,"Fantastic. If you like to play a game 2D progression based games with lots of exploration, then you will like this game."
,Recommended,211820,9122746,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Gaelsus,With the 1.0 update it's a 8.5/10: it's very entratainig and fun.
,Recommended,211820,20541371,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,terribly terrified of halloween,this game is beautiful
76561198057151059,Recommended,211820,9072797,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Medo,I love this awesome game! :D
76561198088733471,Recommended,211820,16422560,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Spookibob,Brilliant game i reccomend this game to everyone in the world spent hours and hours playing it and it's absolutely fabulous!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,8072133,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BMK3000,better than terraria but still needs a lot more work to diferentiate itself completly from terraria but they do very large updates every 2-3 days and are making very fast progress towards a full release
76561198012524709,Recommended,211820,7984345,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,JudgeDoom [JDG],EPIC! So much to do so much to explore!
76561198047158325,Recommended,211820,8778710,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Spicerack,trillest
76561198089109111,Recommended,211820,19501740,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,{IMPAB} Kamikaze (カミカゼ),"10/10 IgnA day in the life of a space traveller1. Land on a new planet and find some temples2. collectcool loot3. reorganise your entire ship around some of those cool itemsrepeat these steps forever and there is the gameNo the game does involve other things, that make it a desirable game.It is excellent also to see a game grow from early stages onwards"
76561197999132664,Recommended,211820,7987353,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Kashim,"Great game lots to explore. Needs more gear and balance between the armors and weapons, make the legendary stuff more powerful. Once all the bugs are worked out and more of the items get put into the game It will become fantastic, as of now though the curve for tier gear is to harsh and nearly impossible to obtain by normal means."
,Recommended,211820,8012772,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,waferbaby,"Think 2D side-scroller Minecraft, in space, with quests and crafting and hunting."
,Recommended,211820,8644272,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Paper Boy,Great game. Developers are listening to the players. Highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,211820,18167301,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,VolToast,"""No more planned character wipes.""-Starbound.But what about the unplanned ones?57 hours wasted on this game.Still a good game that's heavily influenced by Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,9709019,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Pattywags,"This game is so awesome,Its just likeskyrim."
,Recommended,211820,8855585,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Murta,"The game is very cool but its in early beta so, sometimes there are bugs and the game crashes, lag etc...But the game by itself its very good, there are many races each one whit differents habilities, armor , wepons and more things.You can travel to other galaxie or other planet to get new ores, or to find NPC's.About the NPC's there are places whit NPC's like vilages, prisions , temples...The game is very intresting, but hard."
76561198086281704,Recommended,211820,21166823,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Big Chinned Bitch,this is not a bad gaem i wouldent reccomend buying it for 15 dollars but wait till it drops its kindav like a space terraria but its way more confusing then terraria the bosses are simple loot is easy to get the space thing is very cool though its waht makes the gaem  more unique unlike terraria this has a story line u are trapped in space with a broken ship and try to get all the resources to get back to your homeland this game is great but terraria is better
76561198026881636,Recommended,211820,9390137,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,SILVRIK,I can't wait till the full game comes out I'm having so much fun XP
,Recommended,211820,8629498,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Shiou Menato,"Hmm...I've got to say, i was expecting more of this game since everyone else is loving it.I found the game to have the same basics as Terraria, but with different tweaks and things that make it better, sometimes, worse.The combat system is really good, however, it takes a while for you to unlock the techs (Skills) and new weapons. Until there you will just be killing the same enemies in the same ways that will get you bored soon enough to want to give up. NPCs are not that much of a big deal yet, since they are just ""there"" without doing anything at all.I got to say, do NOT buy this game yet.It is just a linear sandbox, with just a few extras such as planet exploration, which in the end, turns out to be the same repetitive planets with just a few extras.I really hope this game will get better with future updates, so, have patience."
76561198068187958,Recommended,211820,8112215,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Gensing,"""The best 2D Retro Minning and Crafting game yet""yeah it is just great not even a week and like 14 hours in it. I dont know why but this game is just grand, it may be the refreshing graphics (I am a sucker for 8 to 64 bit), or it could also be the soundtrack where the battle theme gets your blood pumping and the peacful tunes play when you are not in combat, but the most likely reason this game is just so great is the vast comsomization and personilazation (sorry if the spelling is bad i dident spell chck) if you like being a human mercanary dule weilding plasma pistols this game offers it, or maby a knife weilding robot with a knife in each hand, this game says why not. The best and worst thing about this game is that it is still in beta, which means that they will add new things and remove glitchs on a regualr basis,(the good) but it also still encounters a good amount of glitches (the Bad) all in all this is well in my top ten best games listFor the Devs-  The shields need an update so we know what they do stat wise-  The civilan AI needs some work ( I was just slaurghting them and they stood still )-  Sometimes the game encounters an error when I save and quitThats about it I hope u guys readthis  and I think that this is what Damion Schubert was talking about when he said ""Making a broad game isn't impossible, and some of the finest vido games ever made are broad games."" in his Game Developer Magazine artical intitled Depth VS. Breadthand from one programmer to another you guys are doing a great job"
,Recommended,211820,8112329,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,SpicyButthole,DIS R 1 OF DE BST GAMZ EVR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,8113404,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Gdawg,"♥♥♥♥ing rad, Terraia on roids.♥♥♥♥♥♥erry where and rivers of gold flow from this games orifices."
,Recommended,211820,8113820,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Aunt Jemima,pew pew pew ching chang ching ching pow pow pow crafting table
,Recommended,211820,8114299,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,SeraphimKimiko,"Starbound has plenty of potential once it gets out of it's Beta.I look forward to the fully optimized game.The only downside I see right now, and that hope gets fixed in the near future is the ability to adjust the graphics and video settings a bit. As it is, running on my lower end computer is far more laggy than it should be."
76561198050533267,Recommended,211820,8477214,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pedophiler der Kinder mag,"This Game is really awesome. The Soundtrack is beautiful ,and it isn't really like Terraria ,how much people say.In Terraria it would be left or right?In Starbound it is which planet?The Game has much to offer ,even know that it is in the beta."
,Recommended,211820,9225948,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,lazy8244,So addictive!
,Recommended,211820,8074075,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,B L Λ N K B A N S H Σ Σ,"Imagine Terraria, with a Faster Than Light spaceship, NPC villages that you would see in an RPG, with a randomized loot system, and you have Starbound. Only in beta, and I'm loving it already."
76561198069657326,Recommended,211820,9012368,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,CornWalrus,Terraria+Minecraft+Steroids= Starbound
,Recommended,211820,18298884,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,⭐Mr. Adventure⭐,"In this game, you can be the Super Star Warrior you allways dreamed to be."
,Recommended,211820,16263224,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,SpoopZorp,"Made a server with two friends.They both proceeded to pick female characters while I picked male.Both of them refused to wear at least 50% of their clothing.Proceeded to chase me around the galaxy.Hid at the core of the starter planet.10/10, would run again"
76561198259800554,Recommended,211820,22344730,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,GoingTitan90333,Sooo good!
,Recommended,211820,9111892,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,colnaghijr,"Hard to talk Starbound without comparing to Terraria.I like this game, but graphically I still prefer Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,8925330,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Brooda,TEH BEYST GAYME EVAR PLEAY EAT NAUW
,Recommended,211820,10372913,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tentacular,"It's a sidescrolling sandbox game where you fly across the universe in a conveniently pilfered/acquired spaceship, and fight monsters made of what I assume to be giant wads of bubblegum. The movement feels fluent and it's really fun to jump around on low gravity planets, and while simplistic, constantly being worked on, and a little broken when it comes to shields, the combat is really nice.The fact that it has an amazing and dedicated modding community makes it ten times better. For an early access game, I'd say it's worth every cent I spent on it."
,Recommended,211820,8836309,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Epyon,"considering its still a beta, the game offers quite a bit of terraria/minecraft esque ideas thrown together together with a bit more in depth rpg elements, such as character races (which have unique armors/backstories/unique npc dungeons and towns, and a few things to be added in the future) the core gameplay is well polished in its current state.  the gameplay may allow for building and creating structures to your hearts content, you may even settle down and build your house right next to a full functioning village (or build your own later on).  but the real heart of this game resides in its heavy exploration aspect, each new planet can contain new dungeons with new rare loot and materials. each planet holds its own enjoyment with different biomes, flora and fauna, and possibly new materials to decorate that mansion you have sitting on the other end of the universe.  this game holds an immense amount of promise in its current state, and is quite enjoyable at the moment. just like terraria and minecraft though the first hour or so is a bit slow as you get up to speed before you can do some real excavating or exploring, but just like others in the genre once the game starts progressing you end up quite lost in it, either by checking one more planet for that town to pillage or explore, or digging one more hole to search for dungeons, or deciding the decore for your banquet hall.  if you enjoyed the others, you will enjoy this with its fresh spin on the genre, and the many hours it will provide, and will continue to provide as the game gets to its full build"
76561198158033671,Recommended,211820,15653703,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,73VEN  (ง •_•)ง,Amazing As i was planning in buying terraria but when i saw this! it was the best.
76561198009308328,Recommended,211820,7996176,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,SwimmerBourg,Yes.
76561198080566389,Recommended,211820,25329328,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,135zap135,i love this game 10/10 game got way back when it was so small of a game its way better now
76561198012387071,Recommended,211820,25329551,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,niapet,"I love this game.  It's like ""No Mans Sky"", but good."
76561198034572781,Recommended,211820,7948377,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Quick Rick,"SWEET DAMN THIS IS A GOOD GAME, OOOOOHHHHHHHHMYGOD"
76561198044989649,Recommended,211820,7948612,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,LT_Grapefruit,wow
76561198046370518,Recommended,211820,7949026,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Randall Red Knees,The fact that they made the whole game but realeased chunkes of it to the public and let them try it out was a great idea. Already after day 1 they had fixed multiple things varying from bugs gameplay material and overalla enjoyment. Great game 10/10
,Recommended,211820,7949535,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,brandon,"This game, just blows Terraria out of the water! It was made by the same developers that made Terraria, and I can tell you, they did a better job than anything I've ever seen. This game is addicting, there's something aroound every corner, and the gameplay, no lag, I've barely seen any bugs. The lighting is out of this world. My friend Paratica bought the game the day of release, and already has more than one day into the game. I myself just bought it. And it's hard to stop playing it. I'm telling you this game is way more worth than the acutal price of it. $15! Go and buy it. It's worth it!"
,Recommended,211820,7950683,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jimi 지미,"This game is like crack.... and I am addicted to this game.Addicting gameplay. Innovative gameplay. Do whatever you want!  Be a hunter, a miner, or even an explorer or BE ALL OF THEM :D!!!Similar to Terraria in terms of gameplay, but much, much deeper in gameplay. I have only played SP so I can only comment on that, and I'll update on how MP is. Spent about 20 hours on the game too.-Combat is pretty sweet in the game, though I am finding it's better to look for weapons rather than forging them.-Mining is pretty well paced compared to other games.-Exploration is freaking sweet, space exploration, exploring worlds and also RANDOM ENCOUNTERS on every planet is different. THIS IS PROBABLY WHAT I LOVE ABOUT THE GAME! Every world is different, some may have flesh trees, some regular trees that contain wood, some trees may contain fiber and etc. Poisonous water, regular water and heck even LAVA!!!-Decorating is pretty fun too, a vast library of decorative items gives the feeling of your home and spaceship being unique limited to what you have found and limited to your imagination as well!GRAPHICS aren't the best, but thats what I love about this game. 2D sidescroller.SOUNDS in the game are pretty sweet too, monsters have randomized sounds (some have random animal sounds such as; a dog, elephant, horse, lion, pigs and etc).  Background music in the game is well picked in my opinion. Soothing sounds during the day time with no immediate danger nearby, gives the feeling of being able to enjoy the planet's beauty!!!! (at least where I was, it was pretty! I had normal trees!) Along with the combat music as enemies are attacking you!If you loved terraria, or any game that is sandbox, GET STARBOUND.The game itself was one of my best video game purchases all year and THE BEST EARLY ACCESS title I've ever played to date."
,Recommended,211820,7950797,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,tenta,"if you like terraria, you'll love this game. even though it's still in beta, it's already proved to be worth buying. the dev team seems quick to work on patches, too!"
76561198076036775,Recommended,211820,7951054,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,gET iN mY beLLY,amazing
,Recommended,211820,7951082,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Wax On Wax Off Rochie,"a brilliant game 9/10 i would suggest it to all my friends , same with the soundtrack, its deffently worth the £11 paid for it!the music is beautiful, new and original so is the artwork for the game. the develipors are the best ,they try and relece new content every day if they could. also they do daly tweets so you know whats going to happen in the nest update9/10"
,Recommended,211820,7951432,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Soviet Friend,"ERMAGERD!!! BEST GAME EVER 10/10!! seriously though, it is one of the best games i have ever played, if not the best one. I would recomend this game to anyone that plays games. It is worth every single penny!"
76561198015147740,Recommended,211820,7952124,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Starboy,Glorious
76561197985906668,Recommended,211820,7952859,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Nozzy,Even though this game just came out as a beta it's already extraordinary! If it's this fun now I can't even imagine how good it'll be when it's done. I recommend this game to everyone; especially to people who enjoyed Terraria and Minecraft. If you were a fan of either of those games than you'll fall in love with Starbound right away.
,Recommended,211820,7954502,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Alpha Imperial,"Greate game! Its like terraria 2.0- with some of the minecraft features, like villagies, trading with NPCs. A vast variety of places to go, dungeons to discover, creatures to annihilate! Discover a village and burn it to ashes! And don't forget to bring ur friends! Its not safe to travel through the galaxy all on ur own!"
,Recommended,211820,7954740,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,subaru,"9/10.Terraria with SUPREMELY upgraded graphics. I loved terraria enough to clock in nearly 60 hours in about a week, but this game feels more complete. Quests, a minor ""story"" in place (keeping in mind it's a beta).Music is seriously baller. Concepts are way great, going to other planets and stuff in case you don't care for your first.All in all, would definitely recommend at it's full price point."
,Recommended,211820,7955630,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Eugene,"You guys need to get this game ,s ofun and alot to do. Plus I could use a buddy to play with :P"
,Recommended,211820,7960579,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,TripleFire,makes terraria seem pointless.... wish i could give away my copy of terraria
,Recommended,211820,7961516,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,The lad -iwnl-,This game is great perfectly playable crashes somtimes but fun!
76561198055427773,Recommended,211820,7962049,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,hard2forget,Holy crap. Amazing.
,Recommended,211820,7965478,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Slot,Good.
,Recommended,211820,7969531,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DFJ,"A lot of fun, not unlike the dreams you had of what terraria could have been. :p"
76561198047192470,Recommended,211820,7969534,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Raynor,"This game is absolutely amazing to say the very least! There is so much to buld discover and destroy that theres no way to get board with this game.Im curently playing as a floren and curently loveing the whole thing, one of the special abilitys specfic to the class is no poison from most things! In addition to absolutely massive worlds you can circumnavigate every single one!!"
,Recommended,211820,7970876,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Torizard,Great game!!!Must buy if u love terraria .
,Recommended,211820,7971188,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ACID CS.MONEY,"As a Terraria player I really enjoyed Starbound project.The 6th december and Starbound is on the third place Steam top games and has already hit the 88k players mark.It's still in beta though, so we shouldn't complain and keep looking forward to Tiy improving the game and realising the patches.The game already includes a lot of feauteres, but still not enough. Starbound is a unic projects with a good chance to become top game of the next 2014 year."
76561197991133318,Recommended,211820,7972487,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Shaytann,The BEST !
,Recommended,211820,7973193,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,broodwichtomato,"this game is amazing. reminds me of terraria at every turn, but has so much more depth, and i love the mechanics of the way things build and work much more. well worth the money!"
,Recommended,211820,7975085,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Myaskol,I've played this game with a group of 4 people and we had/have so much fun! if you like terraria this game is for you!I bought the Game on the release date so it had some bugs but they were not game breaking at all.The game is more fun then i expected and I got hooked to it from day one.
,Recommended,211820,7975783,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Leg Disabled,This game is amazing! I've been playing it for quite a bit now and I must say I would recommend everybody to buy it. If you enjoy Terraria or Minecraft then you'll definitely enjoy this game. With the random item generator and multiple worlds to visit the possibilities are endless. I recommend you get it now while it is in beta so you can experience the updates that will make this game even better!
,Recommended,211820,7976412,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Ray,I finally got the game to work and its Awesome its like playing a few games i like into one :)
76561198058231922,Recommended,211820,7976492,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TheBrit,I really recommend this game to anyone who likes RPG style games and the old 2d adventure games but i would recommend it to everyone it is a brillient game never the less and has so much potentional still but for it being in an early access game and from what i've played it already feels and plays like a fully done up game and i cant think of anything that needs inproving or updating at all so what they plan to do i would like to see.
,Recommended,211820,7977291,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,[GIL] MagesterPrime,Awesome!
76561198045290475,Recommended,211820,7977449,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Forbsey,Great game. A must if you like minecraft or terraria! I would suggest this for anyone who likes or is new to sandbox games! It's overwhelming actually on the possibilitys you can do.
,Recommended,211820,7977845,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Girl,"Fantastic game! So much to explore, easy to build things. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,211820,7977972,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,cazantyl,"Fantastic game. Great fun. Developers are quickly making this one of my favorite games in recent years, and that's with one of the best years in gaming behind us. Also fantastic for young children that love Minecraft but want something else to try. My six-year-old niece played it all weekend and now likes it more than MC :)Can't wait to see what the future holds for this game!"
76561198055482653,Recommended,211820,7978128,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,The Sarcastic Gamer,"If you played teraria then you'll like this. It's  just like it but with different races, pets, villages, planets, and oh did i mention it is in space! It might seem simalar to terraria but this is totally the better of the two and its not even done it still in beta  so I expect  good things from this game 10/10 + 10"
,Recommended,211820,7978522,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Pathfinder Jackson,This game is as fun as Terraria is and it also has so much to do and so many planets also it has the coolest anamation for flying and the race picking the contorls do get a little getting used to if you play a lot of minecraft or Terraria i would suggest also looking at some youtube videos that show controls but it's super fun
,Recommended,211820,8186552,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Wosh Ur Bones,"I can only say oh so much for a game in new born beta, but after climbing through the current mountains of content in the game, with still so much more on the way, I'm very very very pleased with this game! The game is, at the surface, Terraria in Space, but as you dig deeper into this beauty, you find a new adventure all on its own. Hopping from planet to planet, finding epic loots, slaying 100% random monsters, and taking down bosses as you build and innovate, this game always does something to feel fresh. But with the game in development, everything I've seen can change, and change very quickly. But what I see here is a heaping pile of potential videogame legend, I'm just hoping that's what it will become, a game so great, tales shall be told of it for years to come."
76561198036651595,Recommended,211820,9436428,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,flags,"Absolutely brilliant. When this game is fully released, I hope it will gain the popularity it deserves, perhaps rivaling minecraft."
76561198088379345,Recommended,211820,9904002,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,lhans103,tis good
76561198087119954,Recommended,211820,9211497,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Lumberjack,"Very fun game. Like Terraria but unlimited worlds! different races, lots of ways to play...For an early alpha game it is very promising."
,Recommended,211820,8666562,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Furious Pete,gg
,Recommended,211820,9007161,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Chewie,"The game is just starting yet it is highly fun. You can spend hours on a planet, being dominated by the local life or maybe finding a Florian prison system and taking the weaponry stored there. You can lose track of time while on a single planet, let alone exploring the entire system. Everything is fully customizable, and this game has high hopes. There's still a few bugs, and in my opinion, the servers are a bit nerfy, but when this game ACTUALLY comes out, I predict it will become one of the major Games we associate ourselves with. Kinda like... Pepsi, or Coke. But instead it would be Starbound or Minecraft. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8000893,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Batman,"Great game only played a few hours, and i already know this is going to be one of my favorites,"
,Recommended,211820,8038735,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Grayda,"On the surface, this game looks and plays like Terraria, but in space. And that's what makes it great. You have a spaceship to customize, many, many planets to explore, a range of enemies and some neat items you can craft and find.It's still in Beta, so expect your character to get wiped when the developers add a new major function or significantly change the balance, but for being beta, it's a polished game that will keep going for a long time!"
,Recommended,211820,7976023,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Arik,"Very advanced game it has wasd controls never seen before in other games, 10/10 wud buy again ヽ༼ຈل͜ຈ༽ﾉ"
,Recommended,211820,9857035,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Sujin,"Starbound is quite an interesting concept for a game, entertaining and totally worth its price. A must buy for any Minecraft fan.It does have several bugs and there's a lot of room for improvement but, it's to be expected of a game that is in early beta and therefore far from done. Nevertheless, and thankfully, currently this doesn't have much of an impact in the overall gameplay experience."
,Recommended,211820,7998756,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,PURPLE RANGER GO!!!,YES
76561198064531247,Recommended,211820,8450819,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Miguel Castro,"A lot like terraria, but in my opinion much better, and still has lots more content to come"
76561198117435623,Recommended,211820,8150839,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,barden,"best rpg, 2d, Indie, constructive game ever, seriously, and it's still an early access"
76561198045655047,Recommended,211820,30570609,Posted: 17 March,all,The Senate,"Literally had a 1745 minute session (check screenshots) this game is definetly worth playing but i would reccomend with mods as it can potentially get boring without them, pretty sure theyve stopped character wiping now so its fine to get submerged in just one character but remember to make back ups occasionally other than that 11/10 would play the game for 29 hours strait agian, Infact..."
,Recommended,211820,18540432,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,kiwi,"This game is alot of fun, you canadventureinto strange, new places,battlehundreds of differnent creatures and bosses, orbuildwhatever you can imagine. You can also uncover themysteriesof this great universe while doing some of theese activities. Everything is also so customizable and different, for example caracter customization, randomized planets, loot, structures and much more. Overall this is a great game and is worth every penny I spent for it."
,Recommended,211820,15668390,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ArippNation,"imagine u are galaxy explorer 0.0 take control of ur spaceship and explore the galaxy. also help other people and get cool reward. upgrade your ship, build base, craft weapon, craft armour, mine the ores, fight the bad creature, claim ur homeland. WORTH BUY!! if u terraria fan this game will make u :O 9,5/10 i love it ;)"
76561198073877424,Recommended,211820,24509921,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,37212513,"YES!! I GET TO CHANGE IT! (see below)Played early Starbound, and was hooked instantly. Then came the bugs...I actually stoped playing about the time unstable became a thing. Sure, stable didn't have any more bugs, but it also lost a good bit of interest as not a single update was comming for a long time to come. Thought I'd wait for 1.0, and waited, and waited.....1.0 finally releases, and I jump at it! I can't wait to play, this is everything I've been waiting for!.....guess again..... Did the minimum requirements change when I wasn't looking? No..., then why can't I run a map properly? Game acts like someone forgot to check memory management, but in truth, I don't know what's wrong. My PC makes and beats recomended stats, so this should be fluid gameplay right?! God I wan't to change this review so badly. 1.0 really kicked the bucket. Wait untill they've had time and reason to fix it.Edit: July 26, 2016They droped a patch today that seems to be helping a great deal, but the problem persists. Too soon to change the review, but enough to state that the developers are infact working on the issue and working quickly. This will likely be a temporary review.Edit:August 4,2016     ChangeLag reliability has inproved signigicantly, almost to the point it was when I first started the beta. Much still to be worked on, but the game is playable.On to a more reliable (and usable) review, now that lag isn't killing the game outright; Starbound is in the same catagory as Minecraft and Terraria. The spacific differences of note would be 2D style side scrolling play, a trans server hub (your ship), multiple world to play across, and a lively number of options within the games compatable mods. Though there use to be more to do, rebalancing the games core engine required the temporary removal of many items and concepts, most slated to be returned to play after debuging. With a lively modding comunity and active forms and servers, this game is sure to last a good while, regardless of developer activity. Still, the dev team has made significant progress and the more frequent updates promiss even more progress to come. Like Minecraft, this game may never actually finish developing, providing players reason enough to keep coming back for more."
,Recommended,211820,8142825,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kuren1216,Awesome game! Its unique from terraria and I love it! It takes a while to get used to the controls since theres no key config.
76561197970595465,Recommended,211820,25451368,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Papa Mazdamundi,"Pros+ Jam-packed full of charming content+ Exellent modding community+ Main story ends abruptly, but is satisfying nontheless+ Gameplay variety is impressive (Colony building, exploring, farming, fishing, crafting, questing)+ Delightful pixel aesthetic+ Large variety of planets to explore, with each type being fairly distinctCons- Frankly bizarre framerate issues- Main story ends about 3 missions too soon- Some missing content after 1.0TL;DRIgnoring a couple of strange issues, I can heartily recommend this game as a great value for the price. A truely captivating experience that glows with levity."
,Recommended,211820,25452734,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Pterodactyl Magician,What no man's sky was meant to be in a Terraria style game!
,Recommended,211820,24529653,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Simple Geometry,"This is the adventure game you've been looking for. Was not super interested at first because the graphics weren't as cool as terraria, but this is the no man's sky multiplayer game we've all been waiting for. The multiplayer and coop adventure works flawlessly. It has all of the features and good times I have wanted in a casual coop game.Enjoy."
,Recommended,211820,24944958,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Chestnut,"Starbound, an upgrade to Terraria. Unlike Terraria, it has space exploring, randomly generated plnets with randomly generated monsters, where you can find randomly generated weapons. I'll start with the cons first.Cons-The main quest is repetitive.-(1.0) Sometimes in single player, things like to turn into black squares, needing you to restart-(Also 1.0) I can't do the Floran Mission with Nuru, because it never teleports me in singleplayer. It works in multiplayer though.Pros-Addons. Obviously-No more obscene amounts of time to summon just 1 boss.-Space Terraria.-Randomly generated weapons.-Randomly generated monsters.-Pokemon(Cause why not).-Ship upgrades.-New Race(Novakid).-(1.0) No more need to portfoward.-Cool Unique items.-More Bosses.-The new missions.-(1.0) Better outpost.-(1.0) Voices for the NPCs (The hums)The Pros obviously outwiegh the cons, All I really have to say is, if you like terraria, get ready for the best game of your life.Edits-The black box issue has been fixed! (Praise be thy lords)So has the floran mission. Still the missions are repitive, but they fixed the bad stuff and now super cool new things are coming out."
76561198060007223,Recommended,211820,25379526,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,marczub123,-Exploration with actual cool places to find-Awesome Weapons-Plant Waifus-Ship upgrades-Buildin' homes and secret bases three miles below a volcanic death planet-Penguin crews10/10
76561198149967306,Recommended,211820,25379537,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Orange,I am uterly amazed by the scope of this game. I've been looking for something like that for a loooong time and it was just under my nose
76561198256816770,Recommended,211820,25380766,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,artaleus,Excellent and very addictive.
,Recommended,211820,25382507,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Divitruvious,one of the best games i've ever played!best sound track ever and the best 16 dollars ive ever spent!
,Recommended,211820,25385528,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,jackie100300,i love this game!!!!
76561198078308437,Recommended,211820,25169345,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hack Fraud,"It's pretty good honestly, could use some quality of life improvements (augments not being lost when you upgrade the EPP, skippable cutscenes) but on a whole i really like this game."
,Recommended,211820,25391872,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Surge :>,"No mans sky? more like NO MAN BUY, AHAH!This game is better and cheaper."
,Recommended,211820,25269398,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Vintage,"Long but detailed experience of Starbound, may contain spoilers:-buy starbound-download / install-launch-become protectorate of earth-earth gets eaten by our Lord and savior, Cathulu, not Harambe.-escape-get to new weird earth planet-search for core fragments-find underground gnome city-make friends with gnome city-now gigantic glorified gnome protectorate-protect gnomes from enemies-swing sword at purple cow thing-miss-instead obliterate gnome city-become glorified glitch-zilla-pick up survivors-force into slavery-throw gnome slaves at enemies to fight-listen to their screams as I hurtle them at creatures-kill enemy with gnome bodies-revel in their screams some more as I needlessly throw them at walls-realise I've spent three hours throwing gnomes at things-try to get back to main quest-fall down hole-die-profitTL;DR12/10 Would throw gnome slaves at enemies while listening to their screams again."
,Recommended,211820,8929852,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,MewmewGirl,"I was an old Terraria player that got the game early and missed out on a lot of later content because I got bunt out playing it so much.  I'm trying not to make the same mistake with Starbound, but it's pretty tough to wait to play.This game has so much to it already but I'd still recommend waiting to play until more of it was finished because of what is still coming in the future.  If you just want to tool around in it as a sandbox, it's pretty decent right now.  If you want to see more story and goals, you should probably wait to play.  There are bigger racial intros and things coming down the pipeline.It's still fine to buy now of course either way - just don't ignore the Early Access banner (at the time of this writing anyway).  While there is tons here and lots to do it still is early access with a lot more coming.If you want to give input back to the Developers and try to shape some of the future stuff that's coming into the game it's probably a good time for you to buy it.They said they probably wouldn't have to wipe characters again after the last patch, so that's why I got it now.  I wanted to have it here waiting and ready and maybe mess around some in game, seeing if I can get a little bit of an easier start when the final game is released by doing some things on my character now.I'm trying hard not to play much yet but it's really tempting to continue.  There is so much here that expands up and above Terraria in so many ways, and Terraria was already one of my favorite games ever.There are so many different planets all with their own style.  It's a crazy big game.The tremendous amount of gameplay hours combined with the low price of the game makes it a must buy."
76561198006011327,Recommended,211820,24802278,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,NewClarion,"Good enough content for people who've never played before, and there are tons of things to collect and much more to explore and do. It's Terraria in SpAaAaAaAaAaAcE and would make the Space Core proud.The downside is, is that a lot of things have been cut. Even the things that weren't even buggy were cut, like guns, dungeons, boosts, gameplay mechanics, and spawnable vehicles. That was like 30% of the game's content all gone. The story was dramatically changed too, and that was really weird. The fact that I have to be forced to wear a big honking backpack to dangerous planets was also uncomfortable.EA players might be disappointed, but newer players would just side with ""ignorance is bliss"".I hope they re-add the things they removed"
,Recommended,211820,8199848,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,superbatprime,"In single player this game is an adventure of lonely exploration and discovery... roaming across the surface of a planet encountering alien landscapes and lifeforms, both benign and hostile while twin moons rise in a purple sky... and in Starbound you can beam up to your ship and set a course for those moons and that's what got my attention.Anyone who has played Terraria or Minecraft knows what to expect, mine stuff... craft stuff.. build stuff while roaming around themed biome landcapes dodging monsters and accruing resources.Starbound's shtick is a part of your mining and crafting is devoted to running your starship, almost another character and always there waiting in orbit... your companion, your sanctuary, your vessel from adventure to adventure, world to world.The ship is the crown jewel in the game imo, fule it, upgrade it (feature incoming see below*), customize it and then select a destination on the starchart, punch that big red button and I dare you not to be utterly charmed by the way the ship goes to lightspeed and you travel through space (and yes, you can potter about your ship will in transit).That's the word for this game... charming, from the soundtrack to the graphics to the lore (not too much, not too little... just enough for the player to have a framework for their adventures).The individual playable races are cute and well realized with a mild amount of background fluff to give context to their settlements, culture and visual style... as well as lots of diverse interesting junk for the light-fingered player to swipe.I felt that the price is a fair one (and a very nice one if it remains the same after the full release).For early access however it may not be for everyone.The game is in very busy, very active development with patches and updates coming on a regular basis.At the time of writing character wipes are not uncommon and as of this date there is at least one more wipe incoming at an unspecified future date.The game is obviously still a work in progress but that progress is nice and snappy and substantial and it feels like a beta that is moving forward at an acceptable pace... but it's at where it's at... you will feel the absence of some features and you will note balance issues and you will encounter bugs and you will have to accept character wipes.But I assure you that the game is very playable indeed, I've put over 30 hours into it and I have not experienced a single bug.There's enough content to keep you going at a moderate pace with updates and of course being a ""build your own"" sandbox it has potentially infinite playtime if you want it to.For me it was worth it and I feel it's money well spent, an investment into what the game will be and the devs certainly make me feel secure about that investment.If you played minecraft in the early alpha days and you remember what that felt like on both a development and community level, this game has that feeling... if you know what I'm talking about, chances are you'll really enjoy being part of this games early life too.8/10 and rising..."
76561197974576589,Recommended,211820,8042427,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DraculaR,"This game is so much fun!!I really recommend that game to anyone who loves Terraria. You can choose between 6 races and each race has their own style and touch. You can craft, build and fight on various planets with their own vegetations. You can also upgrade your spaceshuttle to fly to new planets and stuff.Multiplayer is fun as hell, when you have to beat a giant UFO (that spawns little penguin soldiers or even penguin tanks xD) with only a wooden bow.Even though it is early access, it is extremely playable and you have alot of things to do. Can't even imagine what happens when they even add more content.Thumps up for this game!!"
76561198048957877,Recommended,211820,8636396,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,II-Day-II,One of the best games EVER. Buy it. now.NOW.
76561198088973108,Recommended,211820,8046224,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Tasteful Sideboob,It needs work but you should definately buy it.
,Recommended,211820,7953206,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,spray bottle 💦💦,Total awesomesauce in a tin can!
76561198079449992,Recommended,211820,8710734,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ConniptionFit207,"An overall amazing game, for a beta version. It's basically terraria on a mass scale, which allows you to travel across an enormous span of planets with many variations. I recommend for you guys to play this and travel across the galaxy."
,Recommended,211820,9347409,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Jordy,Terraria on Crack 9/10!
,Recommended,211820,7960846,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Big Titty Goth GF,It's muy good. 10/10 would bang.
76561198058350735,Recommended,211820,9800872,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Friskie,space ships 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8019086,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Lord Doom,Buy it NOW! You won't regret it.
,Recommended,211820,9087578,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SolarPear,Starbound is a amazing game that is so worth its cost. this game contains so much content its insane. If you like platform I recomend this for you. if you like futuristic games i recomend this for you. if you like space this is a game for you. i never really like platform till i played this game and know i love platform. this games content has so much its goes from music to super high technolgy. the bosses are amazing and the worlds are small but there are so many to explore there are thousands of worlds in just 1 sector and there are 5 sectors. that makes it for a endless adventure. this is a game for you and your friends.
76561198062897920,Recommended,211820,8495365,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,TrevMasterFlex,Great game
,Recommended,211820,9012926,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,ABYSchan,"First, a disclosure: In about two years, I had clocked in about 130 hours of playtime in Terraria, a game that has been endearing to me in many levels and will hold fond memories for me.However, when I picked up Starbound, I've already clocked in over 200 hoursin under a month.Starbound holds on to the 2D sandbox core that Terraria started and kicks it up to another level in many different vectors. For starters, it has lore/logical in-gameplay explenations for the necessity to explore multiple planets for riches and resources instead of having to exit and re-create a world in Terraria, which I found to more appealing than I thought it would be.Crafting is expanded upon, with more varied flavor items (many unique cooking recipes that vary from race) and a simplified system for those who love decorating but only are able to retrieve so many things from a dungeon run, thanks to a lampshaded currency-to-object item replication system. And there are MANY themes of decor, ranging from 1960's totalitarianesque dormitories, high tech matter-fabrication doompyramids, and even pseudo-mideval greasepunk robotics. If you can encounter a theme in the game, you can replicate the look for your own homebase. The game developers even hint at the prospect of being able to terraform planets you conquer, so you can truly take decorating your home base to a new level.There's game lore and interesting race dynamics. Vendors and villages and an almost Skyrim-esque question in whether or not to destroy peaceful settlements or lord over their resources. Dungeons are many and highly rewarding. Weapons, while highly random in traits, have extremely fun design elements. A grenade launcher that fires a small pig with dynamite bundled to it and hones in to your target, shotguns that shoot white fire orbs that either explode on target impact or detonate on the ground later on, and giant Teslea coil staves that shoot lightning are some potentiates for your arsenal.Progression through the various armor sets and planetary sectors is completely on your own terms. You won't face your first boss until you're set and ready for it -- which may, for some, be a complaint for those who would use sandboxing to wall off dangerous attacks. On the other hand, you won't suddenly have a structure-destroying UFO blowing up your home just because you happened to aquire a lot of health boosts on a digging run. Your first planet even has quests that assist you in figure out what is going on around you and how crafting and survival works. A hunger and warmth system puts the torch to your backside to help you keep motivated in your construction, production and exploration.One of the biggest pluses for this over Terraria, however, is that this game was made with modding in mind, even with the official site having a mod hub ready for sharing community creations. Already with this game only being a few months old in the hands of fans, there is already a thriving modding community. If there is something I could point to that I would say boosts the life of any sandbox game to epic amounts, it would have to be good modding support and this gamehas it downWhile plain that the game is very unfinished (some items lack descriptions still, semi-frequent crashes, and item/monster strength issues that crop up fairly often) and still adding in many features, the game as it is now is a joyous experience. If you had enjoyed Terraria, or even Minecraft, to any degree you will love Starbound."
76561198071593150,Recommended,211820,8574927,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,NOCK,"The trailer does not at all represent how exiting this game is, when you first start the game, unlike minecraft, it gives you a fantastic tutorial on how the game works and what to craft without preventing you from exploring. This game is absolutly beautiful without having to having to much graphics (yolo).  The water physics in this game are amazing along with the sand and gravel physics. At first when I saw the trailer I thought it was just another terraria ripoff, but I was completly wrong."
,Recommended,211820,9672272,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,joe,"If you look at this and think of terria you are correct, only when it comes to design though. The worlds/planets are large, interesting, beutiful although there are the scary monsters that attack at day and night! The crafting is easy to understand but has a large variety of items, This game is easy to understand but is still full of different things to do. This game is ALOT of fun, especially with friends but still enjoyable alone."
,Recommended,211820,29784919,Posted: 8 February,all,Certified Solarphobe™,"tl;dr, Get and play the game.Story, great. Little cliched, but it's nothing if not compelling, the game's genre considered.Presentation, perfect. The music is on point, the aesthetics for the different planets are amazing, every race has its own culture you can explore, etc.Gameplay, not what you'd expect. While it's a 2D Minecraft-style game, you get an unbreakable, omni-use mining tool right away. Despite its base theme of mining, crafting and building, it has a vast array of weapons you can find randomly or fabricate, with various abilities to each that allow you to make your own 'loaodut' of what works best for you. And amidst it all is dashing, double jumps and morph-ball-like distortion spheres to open up all manner of platforming [the boosted jump height from its spiritual predecessors really helps this].Oh yeah, and the new update from late 2016/early 2017. Just when you feel the main tory is fully over, the vaults show up along with new bosses and terraformers, letting your experience continue even further. [As another boost for gameplay time, I recommend Frackin' Universe- [i]after[/i] you have beaten the main story]All in all, wonderul game. If all of this bores you, let me at least leave you with this:You can play as plant people in this game.And robots. And star children. An birds, and fish people, and apes.... Don't even get me started on mods."
76561198000380687,Recommended,211820,7976892,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,HerrDave,"Holy amazing wonderfulgasm of WOH (still kind of blinded by it being new) This game is VERY good, the only thing that has got me by my balls is the patch wiped my chartacters."
76561198035108711,Recommended,211820,9097212,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,blumu,An outrageous and beautiful game from the mysterious skies to the hellish depths.Great gameplay and worth your money.~BluMu
,Recommended,211820,8389463,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Azwoopn,"This is an awesome game 4.7 out of 5 stars, because its only in beta so its kinda buggy"
,Recommended,211820,8748177,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Senio Sponos,this ♥♥♥♥♥ for real
,Recommended,211820,9172988,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,FantasticFaisal,"I've played Terraria , i didn't know it but until my cousin told me about it , it seem's to be simple , well..Terraria was , and still great , and Starbound too , many planet's and everything , i'm P.S.4 gamer but i gotfew game's on Steam , yet it seem's fun to play the game before it's full release , it's lovely game , simpleand fun to play with friend's , the cold thing's when you create camp fire in a small cave with friend's..playing a song , man that feel c: i recommend this game <3"
,Recommended,211820,8896218,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,RougeGunner00,"After seeing the reviews and videos for Starbound I thought I might as well give it a try and see what this game is about.  After playing about 13 hours, I think this is a great game.  I like the music of the game and how sounds fall right into place.  This is the first game where I have pulled out a tent and campfire just to watch the night go by and listen to the music.  Being able to pick what planets you go to (besides the first one) is pretty cool.  It has a nice animation that it goes through and I never get tired of it.  The diffent planets are awesome.  I have been on two forest planets and one snow planet.  I have to say it was the harder one out of the three.  To have to worry about the cold non-stop is a small worry but once you see your screen start to turn blue and you start dying is a rush when you are no where near your camp and are fighting a few creatures in the middle of the night.  This game has so much put into it already and I can't wait to see what else they put in this game.  Now I do a have problem or two, and I'm sure it is because of it being in BETA.  Multiplayer is slightly confusing for me, not sure if it's because it's just not ready or I'm a little slow and just need a bit of help to get it running.  I'm also new to the PC gaming and may not understand it fully.  A lot of the items you can make aren't available yet, again not sure if it's due to the fact of being a BETA and you can't get them yet or I just don't have the items needed to make it.  I have only come across about 10 NPCs, all of them wanting to kill me.  I haven't seen any villages with friendly NPCs.  I have seen a few bulidings already made and they helped a lot when first starting out.  I would love to have some of the gear you see in the video, but again, I'm not sure if I can even get it.  I've finished the first quests and now pretty much jump planet to planet.  I would love to see more quests and NPC related things.  But overall, for being a BETA,  Starbound is a great game and is a blast to play. If anyone can help me with a few things like mulitplayer, I would love the help. Keep on gaming!EDIT: After watching a few videos and reading the Wiki page, I understand so much more.  I am building bigger and better things now that I understand it.  This BETA is loaded with things already!NEW EDIT:  Just landed on my next planet and found a HUGE Apex city.  Looks awesome and is pretty fun to be in.  I love how the people react to you being there.  The guards will follow you if you have a weapon out, it's kinda funny haha.  Can't wait to see what else is in this game."
,Recommended,211820,7965572,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Radiance,This one game combines Mining and Crafting that will shock you!!!Click to read more!!!
76561198139236680,Recommended,211820,10522502,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ICE-TEA2.0,If you like terrira you will love this.
,Recommended,211820,8057204,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,The Shyster Meister,This game has alot of content for an Early Access Game and I would recomend this game
,Recommended,211820,13852167,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,LOVIATHAN,"I can only recommned it if you liked or even loved Terraria, but no real incentive to do much of anything aside from dash around the surface of planets to find dungeons or to find weapons. Gets boring after a while.Doesnt update that often or requires constant resets to try out new content.Plus I get a small group cant really do PR well, but it seems like things are going the way of Mighty #6 internal wise."
,Recommended,211820,7973604,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dr. Peppermint,"It is indeed very similar to Terraria in some respects, but much bigger in scope and more ambitious in design. Playing alone is actually fun, and the wide variety of procedurally generated planets, dungeons, and monsters keeps the experience fresh across multiple characters."
,Recommended,211820,25009823,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DonutMonkey🍩,"I've supported the game since early access and I still think the game awesome!Random Pros*Easily Moddable.*Lots of Planets with different mini biomes.*Lots of content, especially with mods.Cons*FPS lags alot.10/10: Better than No Man's Sky."
,Recommended,211820,7933774,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ShakeTheSnake,A game that takes the Terraria formula and expands it. Encaptivating the player with its brilliant design and highly underated soundtrack.
,Recommended,211820,8289680,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Genovan,This game is amazing it has tons of updates almost weekly-monthly and so much content to explore!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,26722979,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,jonesin31 (🗡🎃TOOTHPASTE!),Take Terraria. Mix it with other trending games. Sprinkle in some nice admin commands. Make it good for mulitplayer. What do you get? Starbound.
,Recommended,211820,8504202,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,merp,"buy game, get blocks"
,Recommended,211820,10894093,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Your Pal Lucifer,"A beautiful sandbox game with decent graphics and a wide variety of gameplay. It is a true work of art and quite honestly an innovative game in most aspects. Although it is only in its Alpha stages this game already shows great promise and potential for what it can become. It possess a rather nostalgic feel to the arcade classics as well as many references to said classics but it also   brings together a modern set of gameplay with it's storyline and form of aquirable items. Starbound is a unique game, one could say, regardless of the numerous sandbox-survival games that have sprung about today, for the simple fact that it has an innovative community, and a rather friendly one at that. Starbound's developers @chucklefish are very amiable and work together with their community to improve the game. All in all I give this game a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,9950491,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Ocelot,good game
76561198132792813,Not Recommended,211820,17784512,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Baesicklee Sheep,Wtf can't I make bread?
76561198121254966,Recommended,211820,9247414,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,zeskorion,"I love the game,and, even without few mods, it is totally better than terraria or minecraft"
,Recommended,211820,8893266,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Cole,"Great game. I could play it all day, it never gets boring, cause theres always something new to do. 5 STARS!"
,Recommended,211820,8793120,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,LotusEcho,This planet-based 2-D simulation is one of the more engrossing games I've played in a while. I was a fan of Minecraft and Terraria as well (although the latter is not available on Linux at the moment even though I own it on Steam) and this is very much like those games. With every update they manage to add more exciting dimensions to this already expansive and enjoyable game.The only downside is that since this is an early access game there have already been and likely will be more character wipes or universe wipes. I've sunk over 48 hours into this game at the time of this review's publication but a lot of that work is gone now.I would expect myself to be angry or something of the sort but I oddly don't find that to be the case. Something about how much the game is evolving and growing makes those deletions seems okay.I'd definitely get on board with this game. If not now then I'd definitely get it when it comes out of beta.
,Recommended,211820,7983058,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Keyboard Fox,"It's okay so far. There hasn't been anything that has jumped out at me to make this a 'OMG YOU MUST GET THIS' sort of game, but if you're in the mood for more Terraria and Minecraft style gameplay, you can't go wrong.This is assuming they keep adding content and tweaking the gameplay. This is good for a beta, but this is most certanly not finished-product quality yet."
76561197990702364,Recommended,211820,27926117,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dillan,"If you like to expore and loot this game is made for you. You explore planet surface and underground, find ruins or other buildings, loot chests, upgrade you equipment and have much fun with it.You can build you own stuff, so you can make an empty planet an entire castle e. g. and there are many races, so it can take a while to make your character (if you can't decide).Sometimes you have to farm much, if you don't farm while exploring that is but for my sake that was fine.I can recommend this game to all the people, who like to explore, farm and loot and it even has a story what do you want more?8/10 Love it and played it often again."
,Recommended,211820,8944792,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Lord Jorne,"Can't wait for it to be finished an have missions. The aesthetics are great, and Chucklefish is very responsive"
,Recommended,211820,8009941,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,What even is this,Addictive like a mofo
76561197960290858,Recommended,211820,7995858,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Morp,Great!
,Recommended,211820,28838820,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Saucy Wiggles,Highly addictive. Like Terraria but far better.
,Recommended,211820,7933721,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,-KILLSHOT-,WOW THIS GAME IS GOOD. Theres so much to do and explore! And its even better multiplayer(HAMACHI)! 50 times better than terraria and i played over 100 hours of terraria. FUN FUN FUN! DONT HESITATE BUY NOW. The great thing is its a beta and theres more to come!
,Recommended,211820,8229040,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Quintawesome,"It's fun so far, not to a stressfull a game, and perfect if you like to explore.Can't wait to see what future updates will bring!"
,Recommended,211820,8153890,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mmarz11,Considering that this is merely a beta and there is a lot to come Starbound has done extremely well. Has easily become one of my favorites and it is just getting started. Has similarities to Terraria but has aspects that make it unique and its own game. I would highly recommend getting the game although you might want to wait a bit if you do not care for character and world wipes that come with it being a beta.
,Recommended,211820,8043461,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Spritefix,"The only thing this game lacks is an abc file of pinchcliffe grand prix to play on your in-game harmonica.9,9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8062427,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,5_Star_Ownage,sadly broken for the moment i have directx 11 and it crashes no hate here just hope they fix it
,Recommended,211820,8317003,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Baron Von Zyuroko,Better than Terraria and has a lot more to do.
,Recommended,211820,8586288,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Vietnamese Jesus,Addicting. Very addicting. Also surprised how many items there was available in game.
76561198086418479,Recommended,211820,8082792,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ocelot,WHY BOTHER READING AND BUY THE GAME>< :DDDDDDDDD tis fantastic :DDDDD sure its a lil buggy but its a beta with a lotof potential XDDDDDDDDD
76561198015307078,Recommended,211820,7977212,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,|Hypnotiq|,AMG TEH BEST
76561198124002470,Recommended,211820,9782507,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Ryan_The_l3east,AWESOME! This game is amazing the soundtrack is truly magnifisent and the game matches. I highly recomend this game it is soo worth it. I hope you get as many amazing hours of game play as i did.
,Recommended,211820,7992394,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Revolver Ocelot,"While still in its' early stages of beta ( and I think it will be for a very long time.), the game is still rather enjoyable. With 1.6 gorrillion planets to visit, it expands on Terraria (which it's commonly compare to for obvious reasons).  Where you may have had the same experience with Terraria, same trees, same corruption; this game gives you more options. While you may argue that there's no point in doing anything on the planets other then looking for rare stuff to grab and recipies, if you really get into it you can have quite a lot of fun. Writing down coordinates and maintaining a vast galactic empire. While not very 'advanced' yet there's definatly more to come soon. There's a lot of content, even still in the beta. It's only going to get bigger so, pick it up why not and go blast some aliens or raid an airship.Also the steel hunting bow is OP."
,Recommended,211820,8010710,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Lobie,"Exceptionally amazing, even as this game is creeping through the beta I can see it will be a long played favourite of mine.Similar to Terraria  in design, this game creates an interesting and unique atmosphere for anyone."
,Recommended,211820,24191994,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,navr00m,Imagine Terraria but more exploration and less bossesWAAAAAAAAAAAAAY less bosses
,Recommended,211820,8104017,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,d@b,"Are you kidding me, mate? It`s Terarria with ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE AND PLANETS AND COSMIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IN COMMON!!!!!!!!!1111"
,Recommended,211820,30211020,Posted: 26 February,all,Kias,"I don't like 2d craft/explore games, as much as I want too. I was not able to enjoy Terraria either, despite its popularity and the fact that I usual love survival, crafting, and explore-centric games. I just struggle to get in to a game with this particular style and perspective.That said, I still played this game for 52 hours. If the immense popularity of the game doesn't speak for itself, it should be telling that the game has so much to offer that, even being put off from the start, I stuck around for 50+ hours because I just wanted to see if I could do ""insert adventure/project here"". Usually I could. Even if I will never finish the story or play it much, I can't help but respect what it is.It's worth your time, even if it is not your cup of tea."
76561198062547462,Recommended,211820,31366093,Posted: 25 April,all,Azzul,"This game has some of the best soundtrack of any game I've played in the last couple of years. There's a lot here to love about the game, sure the story could use more work and there are still performance bugs and crashes (very rare for me), but I can see so much potential in this game and I can't wait to see what Chucklefish Games and the community has planned in future updates. I would totally recommend this game to any fans of sandbox/crafting/exploration style games."
76561198364380029,Recommended,211820,31384652,Posted: 26 April,all,MelrakkiHuntress,Exceptional game!
,Recommended,211820,31376008,Posted: 26 April,all,YoungDragon6,"My only complaint is that workshop mods don't work offline.Other than that, 10/10 game."
,Recommended,211820,7985989,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Paragea / Digison,"Despite being in early beta, this game already feels super fun! I've spent almost 50 hours on this game so far and the only regret I have is that the next updates gonna have a character wipe :( The amount of content present in this Beta is astounding and I can't wait to see what future updates bring. The fact that there has already been one significant update since I bought this game and that another should be coming in a couple of days makes me have hope for this game more than other, previous games that lacked timely updates.Also, the way the musical instruments work is awesome."
76561198141884121,Recommended,211820,31309698,Posted: 22 April,all,Brockstarhero,so cool it is hard to talk about
,Recommended,211820,28874956,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Nerdaucity,"The full release will definitely wash the taste of the time it took to get here. This game is pretty much what No Man's Sky aspired to be. Exploration and adventuring make your story. The main questline is simply a skeleton for you to grow the meat on, if that makes any sense. How you get there, what you do on the way, the things you come across, that's the real fun. Finding a guitar and playing Fur Elise while your friend decides to be a jerk and plays Canon D with a harmonica over you? Struggling to get your stuff back because you picked mediumcore and softcore is for wimps? Starbound is pretty damn cool."
76561198089656365,Recommended,211820,8801275,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,grim reefer,must play
76561198106766384,Recommended,211820,33535381,Posted: 14 July,all,BuggererOfTheBuggeringBuggers,I highly recommend it. The stupid amount of mods in this game is insane and the updates from the devs just make this game better and better. 9/10 Its a masterpiece
76561198277184091,Recommended,211820,23528100,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,☯The Snazzy Guy☯,if you want to fight a penguin in a giant mech suit get thisif you want to fight a penguin in a UFO get thisif you want to traval to asrtoids and do some MLG parkour get thisbasicly get this if you want to do all of thisEdit: some of this stuff isnt in the game anymore i posted this in the beta so ye bye.
76561198094392018,Recommended,211820,33591943,Posted: 16 July,all,Argonaut,"I honestly love this game. It is a bit like Terraria, but only at first glance. In my opinion, it's much better than Terraria. There are millions of planets in this game, all unique. The multiplayer is amazing and the modding is great. I have never encountered a bug, the closest thing to it was my friend not having the right mods. That was our fault.10/10"
76561198150110630,Recommended,211820,29051936,Posted: 5 January,all,Jay_a_Beast954,"I really enjoyed watching this game develop, and I loved playing this game. It's very good. But Jesus Christ the last boss was so ♥♥♥♥ing hard."
,Recommended,211820,32327502,Posted: 10 June,all,Solaros,StarboundThis is the best 2D sandbox for me. There are so many opportunities!Atmospere is great - ✔;Pretty graphics - ✔;Intresting characters - ✔;Awesome soundtracks - ✔;The largest 2D sandbox I've ever seen - ✔;But storyline is little bit short for more than 3 years of development - ✘.So...9/10
,Recommended,211820,10601369,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Sparkymalarkey,"This game brought out the spaceship-door-kleptomaniac in me. Ask Comet, he knows where your spaceship door went..."
,Recommended,211820,8244402,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Crow,"Terraria in space, what more could you ask for? Still an early release but they are smashing out updates nearly twice a week. Definitely worth the money."
76561198152415610,Recommended,211820,33672761,Posted: 20 July,all,xd,nice game 10/10
,Recommended,211820,7968124,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,KalmTraveler,Instandbuy!
,Recommended,211820,7972496,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Nataniel,"Oh yes! I love Terraria and i love this game. Sure, it needs fixes in some places, a lot more content, probably some planets with actual civilisation and other good stuff, but it's already playable in current beta state.Just bear in mind that beta is beta and WIPES. WIPES EVERYWHERE.Othet than that, i enjoy it."
,Recommended,211820,7949847,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Qayserian,10/10 İ definitely recommend it! Especially if you are going to play it with friends.
,Recommended,211820,7921244,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,gummy frog,is verr good.
,Recommended,211820,8583940,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scarletwing,"Highly addictive game play, highly addictive soundtrack.As soon as launch button is hit you will not stop by your will, and you won't."
76561198076266440,Recommended,211820,8274277,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,haha missed me,"Fantastic game, loads of fun, lots to do, mine mine mine!"
76561198044415084,Recommended,211820,8560723,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Sjeurs,Great game!
76561198066278852,Recommended,211820,8905781,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Myfirered,Spheal with it that all i need to say
,Recommended,211820,8082220,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,ℜ | Terminator,"One of my favorite games it's really awesome and you can run it on almost anything. Basically, this game is Terraria in space and I really recommend it!"
76561198101879661,Recommended,211820,8939830,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Big Box Barry,"Like what the developers say, this game is very playable for an early access game. I haven't run into any bugs so far, and I do indeed love this game. Like Terraria, it takes an hour or so to get used to, but after that there's plenty of fun to be had. The option to go to different planets is awesome, with varying gravity, biomes, and creatures on different planets. Also, this game seems to update quite frequently (every 1-2 weeks, if not sooner) and usually includes quite a bit in each update. Plus, they just got rid of character deletion after every update, which is extremely nice. All and all, a great game that I would recommend to anyone. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,7960229,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MGZoltan,"Beautiful game,it looks great and PLAYS great, especially with what an early beta it is, it feels almost completed to a degree, but it isint even close. It's challenging when it needs to be,and easy when it needs to be. Overall,a great game, and one i'd reccomend to anyone looking for a awesome RPG/Indie/action/adventure type game (It fills so many categories, i cant pick just one to describe it under.). Will be a awesome game's development to follow.Easily a 9/10 in my book. Probably will be a 10/10 by the time it's done!"
76561198058503732,Recommended,211820,7979526,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Izumu,its awsome! .. buggy but thats a given since its still in beta but it has the potential to be amazing!
,Recommended,211820,8337412,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Unamused Cat,"Shaping up to be a classic, if it isn't already. Even when you max out everything there's still the fun of building and collecting every little shiny object you can find. I may even create an in-game interstellar museum, if the game was done. But that can wait.The end of 2014 winter update completely overhauled a lot of the game and made combat and progression both more meaningful and fun. There are fetch quests, yes, but they encourage exploration, which is the majority of the game is really about. After so long, you don't even need to do them.Explore, fight, build, quest... Do whichever you like."
76561198109997420,Recommended,211820,8694508,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,C++,Fun
76561198096132217,Recommended,211820,8415249,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,LoyalHound,I can not tell you how good this game is.First the combat is kinda fun i mean its a simple combat system but I like it.Second the soundtrack this game has such a good soundtrack it always seems to fit perfectly with what im doing in the game.Also I love how the music sounds when you go underwater.Third the crafting the crafting is not that hard to learn how to craft and what what u need to craft the objects needed for survival.Fourth is the difficulty its a hard game but you dont mind because the game is just that fun youalso need to make sure that you are warm and your not hungry.The last thing is the verdict this game is still in beta but it is so good and it gets better with every update they make and it is worth every penny trust me.
76561198025835399,Recommended,211820,7922545,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,LPSMarksman,"This game needs to cease to exist, ITS TOO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD, I CAN'T STOP PLAYING. Thank god for that power outage, I was able to type up this review and feed my cat."
76561198238845658,Recommended,211820,29409056,Posted: 21 January,all,iamthe3,i love this game very addictive you will find yourself not playing anything elsethis is a very good game but you need to stay off track... im not kidding get good things or the bosses willshred u up in small bit sized bitsoverall great game 10/10 very funny and sarcastic also very relaxing
,Recommended,211820,7959570,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Selesalva,"Beautiful game, very nice music and lots of things to do. Hands down one of the best games I've played, and I haven't even been playing for that long!"
76561198112208365,Recommended,211820,26828515,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lonefree,-if borderlands threw its weapons into another game-if terraria threw all its bosses and creativity into another game-if pokemon threw its ability to catch creatures and use them against their will into another game-if metroid threw its spider ball into another game-if star wars threw its lightspeed into another game-if gta threw its ability to murder innocent people into another game-if dark souls 3 threw its rage because you die alot into another game-starbound is that game10/10
,Recommended,211820,9101650,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,404,"Yes, If you were thinking about getting this game get it! I have had so much fun on this game! Period."
76561198061201727,Recommended,211820,10454388,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,LordZenko (KidWolf),"A pretty awesome game. Very similar to terraria, more realistic. They have horse heads.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8373966,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Solid Snack Drive,"This is a great example of what most Early Acess games should be. The Devs behind this game update the game frequently and are constantly listening to the needs of the community, even going so far as to include popular mods into the base game.Despite being in early beta and not having the majority of the ""exciting"" feautures in (main quest, colonization, etc), it is very playable and still alot of fun, especially after the weapons system update. I'd say it's definetly best played with friends though, as it can feel somewhat lonely venturing on your own sometimes. Overall, I'd say it is worth your $15 to see this wonderful game evolve into something great. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,211820,8945348,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Aloha,"Much fun, such addiction, so amaze, wow."
,Recommended,211820,8112575,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,SUPER SAMURAI SUSHI,"It's similar to Terraria, but in SPACE!  Seriously, if you do not already own this fantastic game, I reccomend you get it this instant."
,Recommended,211820,9733657,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,\[T]/,Dig-Dug on crack.
,Recommended,211820,8737417,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Lucas Sin'dri,"This game, is amazing. Hands down, better than Terraria. Hell, the mod support alone makes it mind blowing. I even have mod to make all the music KotR up and I'm currently working on a texture overhaul for weapons/armor/UI. It's already sucked up a lot of my time and it's super relaxing. Starbound is a must have."
,Recommended,211820,9896983,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Mr. Man,It's like space but needs a bit more space. It's lacking mustard.       19/18   pickles
,Recommended,211820,8692311,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,8^),"This game is very fun and enjoyable, I don't understand why people are disliking it before they play it, 'cause it is awsome! ;D"
76561198118286910,Recommended,211820,9117663,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Paperbag,"Awesome game! I've just got into it, and I'm loving it. It's hard to get into at first, but once you've gone to dungeons or build an awesome house, the possibilities are endless! I fret I'm going to spend the rest of my life playing this game- It's just so incredibly fun-to-play and easy-going. I recommend it to anyone; no matter if you like sci-fi or sandbox games, this game is good for you."
,Recommended,211820,8367557,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,JayCee Hemmy,"If you love terraria, but have a mac, this is the game for you! ;)"
,Recommended,211820,8314554,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,explore,"If you liked Terraria, you will love this game, it's Terraria but 10x better. AND it's only in Beta.9/10 - Will be 10 once it is out of Beta."
76561198088373527,Recommended,211820,9093945,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,321ategev,Everybody should play this game!
,Recommended,211820,8586180,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Waifu Jihad,"This game is really really hard to put down. I must say, I really like this game because I like both sci-fi and hoarding simulators."
,Recommended,211820,9373503,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Stan,Wow! This game is amazing! :O
76561198049189447,Recommended,211820,20001391,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,cindley,Very fun game.  Still developing but each update has been better than the last.  What is better than a space sandbox game.  My favoirte part is picking my home planet and building it up.
,Recommended,211820,9502012,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,💀FearPhoenix™💀,Mind blowing awsome try it out for your self
76561198039881593,Recommended,211820,8454581,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FishKedabs,"The whole game is fantastic, but nothing compares to when you find a few guitars and with sme friends play music."
76561198116951315,Recommended,211820,9424093,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Spicy Mayo Chicken Wrap,For a beta this game is absolutly amazing!! There is so much stuff to do in this game. Also the soundtrack turns me on so much!
76561198021489503,Recommended,211820,8438941,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,BabyBoy™,"So far, Starbound is a lot like Terraria, but has so much more to offer. With Terraria, you spawned in a random world and were just left to survive. That was fun, don't get me wrong. But with Starbound, there's a story to it that is quite interesting. And instead of just making how your human character looks, there are six different races of Aliens you can be. The downside of it though, is that they don't really have an effect. They just look different, and slighty change the way the story starts. So the six different races aren't that much of an achievment. Starbound is a beautiful game, for a game of its type. It's a colorful game that, in general, is really nice to look at. It runs really well and smoothly. I can see the potential in this game. If you're a Terraria fan, you will like this game. And if not like it, you will appreciate it."
,Recommended,211820,8184338,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Thijmen,terraria in space!!!! super cool and lots of special items and very good pixelart. I love it. And the music is very good.
,Recommended,211820,9114921,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Chase,"This game is just amazing. If your a fan of Terreria, you'll love this game. Starbound has it to where you have a spaceship, and you can use your spaceship to fly to planet to planet, warp down on it, maybe make a home and gather its resources, like coal, iron, copper, silver, and much more! There are creatures on the planet, some aggressive, some not, and if your luck you might find a Dungeon on the planet, like a Glitch Castle, or a Florean Jail Dungeon, and many more, and also Villages, made up of 1 type of race, with there own unique buildings, such as the Glitch ( My Favorite ) who have Midevil towns, or an Apex town, with somewhat common-day looking buildings, or even a Florean village with tree houses. Theres already so much in this game, and its still being made! More is to be added to this already perfect game, and its definantly worth the 15 Dollars! Buy this game now If you havent, you'll love it, Terreria fan or not!"
,Recommended,211820,8588981,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Royal_Jelly,"Starbound Is definetly one of my favorite games, and so far this ""Daimond In the Rough"" has seen nothing but constructive critisism. I think that only time will tell if this will be the Jewel of the game collection to many more than I."
,Recommended,211820,10301134,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Pelton has a laptop woah,"This is an amazing game sure to please many different cliques of people. A sandbox game with an adventure element, a fighting element, and even an entire lore inside the game to follow, there is nothing in this universe you can't do."
,Recommended,211820,8400703,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Exhumet,"This game is simply amazing. now i dont like terarria and i dabble with minecraft and some other crafting games every now and then so i was kind of hesitant to jump into this game but i did anyways and i was blown away. for a game that is still in active development it is just pure awesomeness. the crafting is good, it doesnt feel like major grind, i like the quest system a lot, crafting is very good and the populated planets and unpopulated planets are just very amazing. i had this sense of ""Wow"" when i first jumped in and settled down and then when i set off to another planet and found it bustling with civilizization i was astounded. this game is just pure awesomeness, i highly recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,9954284,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Loog,"I'm gonna leave this short and simple, 10/10 This game gets the Loogie: Seal of Approval.-Beautiful Scenery-Fast Paced Responsive Combat-In depth crafting system that's easy to use-Excellent Soundtrack-Wonderful Mod Support-Would buy again if it was a hard disk copy and it broke."
76561198148216301,Recommended,211820,29777125,Posted: 8 February,all,maximmachinegun7.62,It's a relaxing game with a beautiful soundtrack and artstyle. Nice game to play after a long tiring day.
76561198085587191,Recommended,211820,8630664,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Renu,"I am going to let you know right now that this may be a long read, though it will be quite descriptive.I would totally recommend this game because of how it is made, I will tell you all the aspects of the game that I can in order for you to purchase this awesome game for only $15!.Graphics/Scenery/TexturesStarbound has a lot to offer graphics wise, Starbound has pixle like graphics and has a lot of colour to it!  Starbound also has a lot of textures to it's blocks and NPC's (Non Playing Character's). The scenery is absolutely beautiful in this game! The art style is amazing, and how it changes fron underground to the top is pretty cool to!Music/SoundsThe music of Starbound is also quite awesome! Some of the sound tracks are very calm and realaxing, soothing your ming and letting you enjoy the game, while when in battle, their are more face paced and ""energetic"" music tracks. Their are quite a few sounds in Starbound, they are pretty cool, reason being is because they just sound quite nice to hear. Their are a lot of sounds such as hitting and NPC, mining, and shooting guns (weapons are up next).Weapons/defense/specialsStarbound has a very large arsenal of weapons to choose from! And what better to go with weapons then some armour for battle? You have many types of weapons such as 1-handed weapons, 2-handed weapons, guns, and staves (the devs will be adding that in an update I belive). Their is 3 armour pieces you can wear, helmet, chest piece, and leggings. If you have a 1-handed weapon you can wield a sheild aslo! And shields are very good for defending, their is going to be an update for the shields soon. And when I said specials, I ment ways of combat and faster ways to travel. You can get these from tech chests, which are randomly found through out the universe (we'll get to that to). Some of the things you can get is Mech Tech, Double Jump, and Bubble Tech.World GenerationThe world gen for this game is basically infinite, what I mean is that their are and infinite amount of worlds that you can genarate. So you have a UNIVERSE. So let's see what's inside a planet! Planets usually genarate quite a lot of chests all over the place! And sometimes you can find Avian Villages or Pirate Ships. Every time you go to a new planet, it needs to create it, though it does not take long at all. And every single planet has it's own random generation so that's like over 10k worlds that are all random! Inside those villages can be NPC's (we'll get there). Sometimes their are special NPC's ment just for that certain place. The world gen also goes by difficulty, higher level worlds will be in different ""sectors"" that you need to unlock.NPC'sTheir are so many NPC's that I don't think I remember them all, but I will try to explain them the best I can. Their are friendly NPC's, and their are hostile NPC's. Usually when a world is genarated, their is always 1 or 2 types of hostile NPC's that try to kill you, and 1 that you can decide to kill for it's pixels(we will get to that aswell). There are NPC's that can sell you things like weapons or food (we'll get to that to). The NPC's most likely will always look different and will just amaze you with their pretty colours!PixelsPixels are the currency of Starbound, there are numerous ways that you can get money. One is that you can kill the enemy's that spawn to get pixles (higher level enemy's give you more pixles). Or I belive in the update, you can sell crops (next and final one).Food and Farming!Their is quite a selection of food in Starbound, you can either kill enemy's for their meat and cook it up, or you can just grow crops with seeds. You farm by hoeing the earth and then by planting the seed of you choosing.Ending of my reviewThis is why I think that Starbound is a great game, I could add more but I do need to go to School soon, and if I did then I would probably just turn it into a guide for the new people to follow, so I hope you have enjoyed reading this and I hope that it helps you in choosing to buy it or not. I also apolagize for the typos that I have made, if you do find any please tell me and I will fix them as soon as I can. And did I mention the multi-player :3..."
76561198042332775,Recommended,211820,8220687,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Mister Dad,"Starbound is beyond fun. Far above and beyond Terraria in terms of playbility (in my opinion) and it's only in beta. The beta state shows, but what few bugs there are are minor. Absolutely worth the $15 to play it. Even better with friends, although the multiplayer can be challenging to set up."
76561198031862085,Recommended,211820,7973507,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Owen,"With entertaining graphics and randomly generated worlds, Starbound offers an endless and replayable gaming experiance. The soundtrack is amazing, the NPC's create a lifelike effect to the many worlds you can visit, and the intergrated multiplayer mode makes the game a delight to play. Imagine Terraria in space, with a better soundtrack, and a more interesting enviroment. Whatever game you thought of buying this week, don't. For the love of god get this game right now.10/10 would recommend"
,Recommended,211820,7929070,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Capitán Indie,So far...in love...
,Recommended,211820,8822934,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TitanSmash,"Starbound although in Beta is still an amazingly fun and entertaining game! I have had many hours of fun playing with friends on servers and playing by myself. The crafting system is nice and loads of room for new content, the various planets and solar systems can even be further expanded. The limites of this game are endless!"
,Recommended,211820,9201167,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,sعeed,this game is one of the  most  amazing  games you will ever experience
,Recommended,211820,9540924,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Atlas,Starbound – Or How I Learned To Stop Worrying and Go Space Mining With Naught But A Flashlight And A Bed Strapped To My Back.No but seriously it's awesome. The space mining. No the rest of it too. But mostly the space mining. Seriously there's rocks.
76561198042973234,Recommended,211820,8124972,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Obb,"I am the kind of person who loves exploration finding new things and things like random encounters. I will try not to compare this game to others as much as i can but when i first saw this game i thought eww just a copy of terraria, Then I as told a little bit more about the game and I liked what I heard. I looked into it and fell instantly in love with the concept of a huge universe with large sectors each sector containing a ridiculous amount of solar systems each solar system holding bundles of planets each unique with something new on each. I love this game with all my heart, but this is a very early stage of the game. Chances are if you get it you will come across problems no matter if its unbalance, game crashes(i couldnt even play the game at first), texture glitches, world not loading fast enough or at all, you not being able to teleport from your ship to the planet, or any other♥♥♥♥♥♥you will probably come across. Im not saying dont get it you should get it, IF you are okay with game problems. if your not wait until the game is in a later stage of developement."
,Recommended,211820,8370981,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Cerasza,"If you like Minecraft, Terraria or any other similar games, you'll probably love this game. You'll also probably hate the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it, but in a good way. ...If that makes any sense.Word of warning though, it's VERY slow to start. Like, you know how in Terraria you can get a gun fairly quickly if you just know how? Yeah... here, unless you get super lucky, it's gonna be a long time before you get one. Even longer before you get a decent one.Still, if you have the patience (or some friends to help you out) it's certainly worth it."
76561198098418056,Recommended,211820,28603216,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Reveruss,"Bought years ago when still in the beta stage. Had a good start by the developers then slowed down for awhile and finally it kicked back up when they finally annoucced the release of the game. Really worth the buy. It is the No Man Sky the everyone wanted except 2-D.Lots of combat stylesExploration of near infinite, randomly generated planets.Terraria like block buildingUpgradable ship and armor/weapon tier progression."
,Recommended,211820,8595599,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Jare,"Just get it, nerds."
,Recommended,211820,8133842,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Kalthramis,"It's like Terraria in space, only more open and better. More polish, better looking, harder, newer, more customizing, /more./"
76561198071372785,Recommended,211820,8053612,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Onions,"Awesome game with ♥♥♥♥loads of content and depth, also with contant updates.But beware they do wipe characters pretty often."
,Recommended,211820,7979391,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dookie skinhub.com,"Similar to terraria, not sure if it was just me but all my caves were very small and ended quickly, is still allot of fun and even funner with friends"
,Recommended,211820,8710422,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dingle,"If you are thinking about getting this game, check out the reddit community first. There are a lot of bugs obviously, because it is still in its early stages. But it is NOT a Terraria clone. Though they are both similar in lots of ways. If for no other reason, you should consider getting the game because of the developers' interaction with the community. There are very regular updates and they listen to community feedback. They work with the modding community and have already integrated some mods into the game. Overall, some pretty kickass devs.Even with the game being unfinished, I recommend. If you liked Terraria but want something fresh with regular updates, give it a shot."
,Recommended,211820,9844111,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,RM1397,"THIS.... is by FAR.... the best game in the whole universe... (literally!) and by ""best game in the universe"", i mean, better than minecraft and terraria MIXED TOGETHER.... you need to get this. it has guns, bows, manymany swords, even 1-2 handed swords to dual wield! an another note (again, LITERALLY) the soundtrack of this awesome shiz is EPIC... orchestra and band combined, especially making smooth music so you don't have a heart attack at night when you listen to it is awesome...It makes you think about how the world will just keep going. even in the darkest of times, and on the brightest of stars, off in the galaxy, and how you can look up at the night sky, and peek into the universe...ChuckleFish, you have created a beautiful game, and i give you all the stars for that. You have truly set the bar for gaming, and lit up the night sky for me. Thank you."
,Recommended,211820,9415770,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,DamnCommie,"I use to love this game back in 2013 -  2014, But as of the winter update I cannot see myself playing this game as much. Of course I will be checking for updates in the future.The winter update ruined the game for me. They completly changed the game in a bad way.You would think that exploring a entire universe would be fun, right, no. Most of the planets are boring to explore and there are only a hand full of different biomes, Like the Ice, jungle, Ocean and so on. They are planing on adding more biomes in the future.Most bosses in the game are extremly annoying to fight. On the first boss you fight it is almost impossible to beat him on your first try, you would have to watch a tutorial or read a strategy guide.The quests you get from the npcs are horrible. They span from getting coffee for someone to finding something a person lost. After a while of doing boring quests you will eventully get a quest to go to a mining facility, which progresses the game.The music in this game is astonishingly good, it adds a lot of immersion to the game.Is Starbound a bad game? No, It isen't. I know I've been bashing the game this entire review, but there is a lot of content in the game, Its just not as polished as terraria. If you like 2d side scroller games then you might like this one, but as for me I'm going to stick with terraria."
,Recommended,211820,15472781,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,BrokenTrumpet,"The nearly two year wait I had from hearing about the game to finally playing it seemed to be rewarding, because Chucklefish is currently doing a fantastic job on this game. Beautiful both in the sound and graphical department, and with some mechanics similar to Terraria along with anthropomorphic suns, what could possibly go wrong? Nothing, that's what."
,Recommended,211820,8123183,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Eonstar,May be a game still in Beta but is one of my favorite games right now! Highly recommend picking it up!
76561198063839800,Recommended,211820,8131211,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,UpNorth,wonderful game
,Recommended,211820,7918695,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Durgenshnapafa,"An awesome 2D sandbox game, Tons of different words to explore, with loads of unique content! Easily 100+ hours of gameplay ahead of you!"
76561198055867675,Recommended,211820,9240188,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Bucket Commander,"This game. I just dont know where to start. It's like Terraria, Minecraft, X-Rebirth, and Space Marines all in one!This game is freakin awesome. Anyone who hasn't played it doesn't know what a side-scrolling RPG game is."
,Recommended,211820,8778421,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,A MoistTortoise,10/10 Would Bang while recommending to friends
,Recommended,211820,7957506,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ezekial  🐸,"It's Terraria in Space, and it's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,211820,8884516,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Mook_To_Go,JUST LIKE TERRARIA WAIST OF TIME!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,9730141,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,SleepyUmbreon,"This game is really good. It's a lot like Terraria, but with a Sci-Fi theme. The game has a lot of potential, and I'm extremely interested to see where it goes. I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of exploration and adventure style games."
,Recommended,211820,8652283,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Can't Trump the Stump,Starbound is a great game except for the fact that i cant seem to connect with my friends even tho i use hamatchi
,Recommended,211820,9349571,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Coach Tiger,OMG so much swag on that noodle! Much impress!
,Recommended,211820,8790145,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Shaggydawg13,"Been just getting into the game, but I love it so far! Time flies when I'm playing Starbound! :)"
,Recommended,211820,8527273,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,WorKSimi,Epic...
,Recommended,211820,10646348,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,^6w^1deg,"Truly Beautiful. Magestic. Glorious. I got goosebumps playing this game, I have't felt this good about a game since Minecradt. Also, the soundtrack is AMAZING."
76561198131353693,Recommended,211820,14362335,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,{17th}Brubek,A Masterpiece
,Recommended,211820,9399306,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Crackbob Cocainepants,"This game is amazing, even in early access this game never disappoints. There is so much to do in the many worlds that make starbound. This game is truly stunning. 10/10 from me."
76561198112472001,Recommended,211820,9007009,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Marky,"Starbound at first may look like one of the many minecraft rip-offs where you collect materials. But, it's nothing like that, there are at least 5 times as many monsters in Starbound then Minecraft. And I know there's a lot more items in Starbound. over 1,000 items, and this is only the beta! The game never gets old because there's always different weapons, tools, and resources on the infinite planets you can travel to. Also, you can play with friends when you invade the randomly generated structures like castles, prisons, and towns. They are ruled by different races, some races will be accepting of you, others won't. The character creation was also huge! you got to pick between a couple different species, which have their own really good character creation. Each planet is different, there are different biomes with their own unique structures. There was only one problem I had with the game was that the graphics were a little lacking. I'm not one to say graphics affect a game but, I couldn't tell the difference between things like silver and platinum ore, both very different in value.9.5/10Never gets oldGraphics weren't greatOnly in betaA bright future"
,Recommended,211820,9746041,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,-NightGamerBR,"Best G4ame Ev4r, seems like terraria with space engineers ftl and a lot of other sand-boxes games, pretty fun and very addictingBad English BTW"
,Recommended,211820,7979141,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,-Gemini-,"Amazingly good game, if you like building, mining and battling your way through tiers of equipment, you'll love this game. Much like terraria except you are in a vast never ending universe and can jump from planet to planet in your own transport. I never owned steam but I had to get it for this game. :D10/10"
76561198122613257,Recommended,211820,8967614,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,▽▲Sunkist▲▽,This Game is The Best I Recommend this game 100% Full Get It Now A Play! ( Early Access! :D )
,Not Recommended,211820,15804429,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Real Human Being,Had potential.
76561198084995592,Recommended,211820,8615578,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Bare-E Raws,This game is more than worth the money. Purchased in Early access and there are few flaws with the game. I can only imagine what additions await future updates.
,Recommended,211820,9049187,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Pulse,Terraria. But in space! Also 6 races.
76561198056856286,Recommended,211820,9668599,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Pepe le Pew,"Great game, make you believe it's infinite in possibilities! :D"
,Recommended,211820,8032386,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,KazuhiroRiko,"Fun, indepth and many worlds"
,Recommended,211820,8903643,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Saitham70,"I love it!!! The game itself is amazing.... it's like terraria, minecraft, and skyrim..... In on game.... yeah it's 2D i thought it looked ♥♥♥♥♥♥ too.... If you enjoy gameplay then graphics.... and rpg games... get new armor and better gear billions of different planets.... also remind you it's only in beta lol!!!! so I'm sure it far from over... Btw there is a dragon ball z mod known as Dragonball SB... It's amazing should defidently try it out."
76561198070214108,Recommended,211820,25238642,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,maxoutftw,Its fun to play
76561198022305651,Recommended,211820,7942462,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,{Dark}Technica,if there was ever a game to buy in the next year its this.
,Recommended,211820,8416140,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wogglebug,mcuh fun
,Recommended,211820,8687310,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,llord,TERRARIA! IN! SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE!
,Recommended,211820,8935381,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Buggajayjay,LOVE IT LOVE IT LOVE IT!
,Recommended,211820,22416177,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Kiddcrab,"Starbound. You are bound to love it, HA! Anyhow, thi9s game is amazing. It's common description is terraria in space. However, ask yourself, does terraria have Borderlands' random gun generation system? Does terraria have infinite maps? Does terraria have freekin spaceships!?!?! NOOOOOO! Thats what makes this game so good. Your primary base is your spaceship which expands as you prgress through the game (optionally of course). You can then choose from the limitless number of planets within limitless number of star systems to build wherever and whenever and whatever you like! Plus, its the only game thusfar that I can say I don't have Youtube playing music in the backround..... Because the soundtrack IS 11/10 GOOD LORDY. Seriously, if you've beaten Terraria or even have'nt played Terraria, buy this game. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,211820,27415412,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fluffy,"This Game is just Good.There is much stuff to upgrade like the ""Pickaxe""Get it on sale its worth it."
,Recommended,211820,33226342,Posted: 4 July,all,Dartzkickback.comskinhub.com,"Bought Stardew ValleyFeels like missing somethingBought StarboundStarts farming, can't stoptldr: Stardew Valley in space"
,Recommended,211820,33259465,Posted: 4 July,all,vvvvvvvvvv,Terraria in space.What is there not to love?
76561198119595291,Recommended,211820,32581723,Posted: 19 June,all,FIdel,This game was good from the start. They are still updating it to this day and it's an enjoyable game that i definitely recommend
76561197973020967,Recommended,211820,32763734,Posted: 25 June,all,KAC,"I love that the game has changed so much since I first got it. I look forward to all the ways it will continue to change. The modding community is amazing, and this is one of my favorite go to games to play with my friends."
,Recommended,211820,33173189,Posted: 3 July,all,R&,"TL;DR Buy this game if you enjoyed TerrariaPlayed this game years ago and wrote it off as a cheap Terraria re-skin, gave it another go with the 1.3 update and became an instant fan. The mechanics have been heaily re-tooled, a more in-depth story has been added as well as numerous small details that make the world more fun to explore. The end result is an excellent crafting/sandbox/survival game built inside a unique and detailed sci-fi world.NPC and biome variety are what really set this game apart from Terraria. Lots of different biomes, and lots of NPCs from different races/species to inhabit them. Any given biome can be colonized by building shelters and allowing NPCs to move in, much like Terraria. Unlike Terraria these shelters can be customized to attract certain types of NPCs, for example you build a room with a stove/fridge and a chef may move in, build a room with lots of computer equipment and a scientist may move in, and so on. Different NPCs pay rent to you in different ways, essentially making them another farmable resource.Exploration is key as it allows you to understand what kind of environments certain NPCs will flock to, and what kind of crafting materials each biome contains. Exploration also plays into the storyline which essentially requires you to learn as much as you can about the different races that inhabit the universe, and retrieve artifacts specific to those races.Retrieving a race's atrifact requires you to go through a non procedurally generated ""raid"" level which always ends in a (typically) tough boss battle, these story segments help provide the gameplay with more clear goals, how you achieve those goals however is entirely up to you.Inventory managment and general control set-up is very slickly designed, but not without problems. Combat is generally well-designed and fun with lots of weapon and enemy variety, however there are obvious advantages to certain weapon types which means a lot of high-level weapons end up being trashed simply because they aren't the right type.Overall a fun and chill space adventure game you can sink countless hours into without it feeling too repetetive, well worth the $15 price. The developers of No Man's Sky should look to this game for inspiration."
,Recommended,211820,33167687,Posted: 2 July,all,coldramen,"Honestly hands down the best game that I have ever played. Very excited to see upcoming updates, and love the current game. Keep it up, Chucklefish, and to the rest of you lot, buy this, because whether you like adventure, survival, or sandbox games, you'll love this."
,Recommended,211820,33178732,Posted: 3 July,all,✪ SN1P3 D0WN,This game is based on Survival and some kind of Pixel Lover players can like this.I love the using Navigation to another galaxies everytime I met with another one and they are Ifinity.Great job Chucle Fish
,Recommended,211820,32597212,Posted: 20 June,all,LoboGlacial,"Beautiful game! It really worth it, the game is very well made, with an amazing immersive atmosphere and soundtracks, so many planets and places to explore. I really enjoyed it and I recommend."
,Recommended,211820,15663907,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,fiscure1,"Epic game.If you like space, you should buy.If you like sandbox games, you should buy.If you like space alpacas, you should buy."
,Recommended,211820,33069529,Posted: 30 June,all,Mr. Cat,gg unamed monster.... gg....
76561198009259170,Recommended,211820,10685053,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,gregerxx1,grate game still being updated thou
,Recommended,211820,28966058,Posted: 2 January,all,Froppy,"Beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack, definitely is more fun with friends"
,Not Recommended,211820,8010973,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,"Lord Sherbet, Duke of Custard",Unfinished and boring.  Still waiting on release for 2 years+.
,Recommended,211820,33162418,Posted: 2 July,all,Cherry,Easy to mod. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,9753218,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Jeff22,"Great game, sorta like Terraria but with space stuff!"
76561198049435873,Recommended,211820,8359553,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,wasabiwar27,"""SPAAAAAACE!""-Space Core"
76561198115858152,Recommended,211820,19758513,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Coincapybara43,it's an amazing game with a large amount of content the best part is how cheap it is i would highly recommend this even if you don't like endless open world games
76561198063133929,Recommended,211820,33150251,Posted: 2 July,all,baker86,You can get a gun that shoots bees. BEES!!!!!! Why would you need to play any other game after that?
76561198081480593,Recommended,211820,32892758,Posted: 27 June,all,BeyondBirthday08,Needs more penguins
,Recommended,211820,31774652,Posted: 15 May,all,Quetzalcoatl,"Well, only one thing need be said.Starbound is my drug.42/10 Thank you Chucklefish."
,Recommended,211820,22078101,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,K_N_O_B__H_E_A_D,"In starbound you play as a Space Exploring Nazi Furry Rambo McGuiver, who saves the universe and takes mercenary contracts, and builds things and plays music for a hobby. 200/10 would make my friend's ears bleed with an overdrive guitar playing PSY's Gentlemen again.Not kidding, there really is a Nazi mod (called ""Aryan race"")By the way, public servers are cancer"
,Recommended,211820,31773429,Posted: 15 May,all,Reikan,"Pros: Fun to play, easy to mod (in both installing and creating mods), devs are nice, and the game itself looks good. Cons: Multiplayer isn't that reliable, sometimes (rarely) updates break your saves. Despite its simple appearance, the game itself is actually a bit resource intensive, so it might not run too well on toasters like mine without some configuration. Overall its a fun game and I recomend it."
,Recommended,211820,26448065,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,HALLEY_SHURA,"i've said greviances about Starbound's performance in the past, but i'll throw this out right away: if you want to run this game fairly well, you're gonna need a fairly powerful gaming computer as far as processor and vidcard go (which i assume you have anyway if you do a lot of gaming on steam).as far as the game itself goes, the best way to sum Starbound is if Bethesda made a game that's basically a fusion of Terraria and No Man's Sky. but i'll go into detail on that.Starbound's more sandboxy than Terraria in that it's fairly easier to gather materials, create things, and build that lunar base you've always dreamed of. general game progression is also easier to figure out, despite quite a few artificial gates in early game and the story.akin to No Man's Sky (but objectively better), you have a wider playspace of multiple planets spanning across multiple systems spanning an entire universe. they're all procedurally generated a la NMS and Terraria and such, though planet variety can be a bit lacking as there's only a little under 20 main biomes for planets. while there are subbiomes and minibiomes scattered on each planet, it's rare you'll find a forest planet that's radically different from another forest planet. however, each planet has dungeons and resources to rummage through to make the trek worth it, alongside some other neat things like playable instruments.as for the Bethesda comparison... okay, while some of the bugs aren't NEARLY as bad as Bethesda, there are still quite a few bugs i've come across in gameplay, as well as a few poor design choices. both of these can prevent some later achievements from being obtained legit (good bloody luck trying to get all the monster figurines without mods/admin commands; the droprate is so absurdly low). while these aren't HORRIBLY detrimental to the experience, it's really annoying for those who shoot for achievements and don't like going through hoops for them.in spite of all this, Starbound's definitely a more laid-back 2D sandbox than Terraria. there's something for everyone: you can build a farm and harvest crops, hunt monsters and go dungeon delving, do the main story and reap the rewards, run an apartment complex in an asteroid field... really, the possibilities are near endless.on top of that, the devs have been putting out major updates that add more to do in the universe of Starbound. and if that's not enough for you, the Workshop and mod repository on the Starbound website have a variety of new races, items, and more stuff to customize your own universe. and you can make your own stuff if you want.Starbound's nowhere near a flawless game, but i think a 200+ hr gametime clocked in means you'll likely find something to enjoy in it if you like sandbox stuff or exploring. c:seriously though for the love of god do NOT try to get all the figurines without mods"
76561198070722121,Recommended,211820,31676614,Posted: 10 May,all,insanityscribe,"It's basically the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of Terraria and No Man's Sky, but after No Man's Sky took a 12 gauge blast to the skull, Starbound carved its own path and distinguished itself from its terrible father by being a decent video game8.5/10 would ditch daddy No Man's Sky again"
,Recommended,211820,27477057,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HeAt -=- Kaze Nitro,"Starbound... Where to start with this game? It's an amazing experience if what you like is exploring the universe (unlike No Man's Sky, these planets actually are different) and building a huge colony. Or a small one. Or none at all. It is a sandbox after all. You can play the game for many many hours before being able to find something blatanly similar, and the variety presented through the steam workshop can keep you playing for decades if you like building logistical systems or just fancy houses. All in all, I recommend it.This game was way better back in the old days, probably around Enraged Koala, the saving grace of it nowadays is the workshop... It's still pretty good, dont get me wrong, but I really wish they would let us play earlier versions..."
,Recommended,211820,25102267,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Skibby,"Starbound Personal Review (I know nothing about the technicalities of games)I launched up Starbound without reading into it after watching Nerd3's video on No Man's Sky alternatives. I expected a Terraria clone with sub-par graphics and gameplay. After making my character and choosing the gamemode I was thrown into the first mission I was caught of guard with how cool and beautiful the game looked, even with it's pixel style, and in the first 30 seconds I was already immersed with the game. After walking through the academy I guess, I reached the first cutscene with the hentai monster or whatever. I was kind of underwhelmed by that really, and the rest of the mission was a bit of a bore, apart from the part where you get your first giant anime sword. I launched off into space in the crappy rocket.After beaming down onto the starter planet I was immediately amazed by the lighting effects with the torch and instantly thought ""that's pretty cool with the torches and such."" I actually enjoyed exploring as I found cool new weapons with alternate abilities, the one I stuck with for like 5 hours was this purple, electric sword which I found 2 hours into the game. The Ark, which is the game's hub, kinda made me happy in a way, like I felt like I was actually part of it, it had a sort of charm which made me even more interested in the ""story"" and game. Also when I found out that you could actually find instruments and play songs I though ""holy ♥♥♥♥ this is the best game ever.""People may say the planets get repetitive and boring, but I have to disagree. I went to an ocean planet and found this amazing underwater city which made my jaw drop throughout the entire time I was exploring it, then I wanted to flood it, but it had this shield around the blocks which you can disable with a switch hidden at the top of the base. I didn't want to flood this one though, I even made myself a room inside of it. So I went out of my way to discover another base like that to flood it and see what it was like then. So even when things do repeat you can discover them and explore them in different ways to make it new and fun again.Here are some minor problems I have with the game.-There is little to no interactions you can have with NPCs apart from the 2-3 dialog boxes they have-The text people have when speaking in cutscenes is soooooo slow-It takes time to craft things. I have the materials required, GIVE ME THE ITEM DON'T MAKE ME WAITIn summary buy this game pls you'll most likely like it. If you don't... I don't know go back to playing the 3 games you have in your library you'll actually play"
,Recommended,211820,28127361,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Lucario,"If you like Pokemon, Terraria, and (Ha) No Man's SkyThis game gives you Terraria in space with Mawile and Marshtomp"
76561198140564034,Recommended,211820,31930664,Posted: 24 May,all,送人头6的一逼,"特喵的论画饼呵呵鱼真的不是针对谁……更新日志有个卵用，什么时候更新游戏哇哈？Soft words butter no parsnips. Compared to see the log update, I would like to see the game update."
,Recommended,211820,32134650,Posted: 2 June,all,chargdog234,I love this game it can almost match terraria :P
,Recommended,211820,32133190,Posted: 2 June,all,epicpigslav,greatly recomend this gameif you enjoyed terraria you would love this if you get bored of a world you can just go to your spaceship and travel to a new world i have loved this game and would like to see more people playing it
,Recommended,211820,32139064,Posted: 2 June,all,Guy Dedede,The game is pretty amazing in every single way. Could be a little more in depth. I just seem to stick my civilization in my homeworld and just explore the other resources for supplies when I get lazy and don't want to go deep into the earth.The only problem is having a computer to run on. I got an i5 laptop with 6 GB of ram and this thing doesn't run smoothly. My i7 desktop does run the game smoothly though.
76561198119036609,Recommended,211820,31616078,Posted: 7 May,all,Áki,"Great game. But...-Devs are REALLY slow on updates.-There aren't enough equipment slots. You rarely upgrade your armor. There is very little sense of ""improvement"" or ""progression"" in this area. In my playthrough, from character creation I used 2 armor pieces in each slot. Which is a shame.-Pets need progression as well. As in, you should be able to spend materials to upgrade your captured pets (especially as they usually die in 2 seconds after you summon them). Maybe you should also be able to ""train them"", or feed them.-Quests are cool, but I think the game needs more quests.-Sometimes the framerate goes reeaaaaaaly slow. I happened to choose a home planet where the frame rate was ridiculously low for some reason.That being said, it's worth its price. Just don't forget to download the Frackin' Universe mod and a couple of others."
,Recommended,211820,32116690,Posted: 1 June,all,redclawhorazona1152,I highly recommen this game i spent hours playin this gme its the most fun game ive ever played.
76561198213875935,Recommended,211820,32116901,Posted: 1 June,all,Crazy gamer,Don't play the game  $15 its LAGS like crazy If devs see this #getmoreoptmized with the game
76561198224135680,Recommended,211820,31660837,Posted: 10 May,all,NOICEMEMES,Avians need emotions though .. >3>
,Recommended,211820,32126933,Posted: 2 June,all,KirbyP,finally have a gamethat human aren't taller than doors
,Recommended,211820,32169838,Posted: 4 June,all,Metroxis,"Perhaps one of the best sandbox games to date, with fun combat, awesome customisation and interesting story. Been with the game since its earliest stages and seeing both the game and its devs grow over the years has been a wonderful experience. The modding community is awesome with a huge range of fully fleshed content ranging from races to clothing to gear. I'd recommend this for anyone with something to play it on."
,Recommended,211820,32158969,Posted: 3 June,all,Aethex Gaming,"I love this game, but recently all my mods broke and that made me nearly cry because I already had over 100 hours of work with the mods I had installed, so when I got rid of all my mods and re-added a few of them it still didnt work. but still its a great game."
76561198049471138,Recommended,211820,32174556,Posted: 4 June,all,Ness,I found a rainbow sword and my friend I played with he found a Gnome that vomits rainbows... I guess he won that round~~11/10 would vomit rainbows again~~
,Recommended,211820,9491827,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,ruffles de limao,Playing musics it's the best thing
,Recommended,211820,9488702,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,nani the fuck,This game is freaking amazing.Its like minecraft and terraria had a baby.
,Recommended,211820,9439785,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Xias Lancer,"This game is AMAZING!!! And its only in Beta, so theres tons more to come for this game"
,Recommended,211820,9444326,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Jr Jam,"its whithin a star, that is the grass, wen you can just be one"
76561198114356159,Recommended,211820,9098529,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Camnificent,Such an awesome game!! I highly recommend this to anyone.. Especially Terraria fans.. Not to mention that it's extremely fun to play with friends or even solo.. Lots to explore. Great content which is still being updated.. Brings back pixel art.. and awesome modding flexibility. Play it now!**update**There ARE NO steam trading cards given for this game despite what the store page states :(
,Recommended,211820,9104852,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Frank Ocean,This game is amuuuuuuzing!
,Recommended,211820,9116133,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Spank Your Buns,I think this game had more potential than most and i cant wait for more stuff to be added in later updates.
,Recommended,211820,9093644,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Connor Priest,"Its like Terraria But think of it like this......Epic random generations  with character amotions and extreme music with a tap of space going to diffrent planets discovering the materials that you can use later..and animals or ""aliens"" are diffrent in every world you play. you can make your own character, with diffrent races.Starbound is pretty much terraria with a huge update."
,Recommended,211820,9094583,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Coffee,This game is fun to play with friends! It's like terraria but in space with more cool stuff!
,Recommended,211820,9391428,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,「Toaster」,"Starbound is one of my favorite games by far.  I've played tons of others and got bored within the first ten minutes.  It's got nearly everything your average flesh-eating robot tyrannosaurus rex with wings could possibly want.  From bacon to rainbow capes, mushroom hats to a giant mech, and more!  I highly recommend this game to people who enjoy discovering new things.  You can find little villages here and there, abandoned labs, castles, military bases, dungeons, and probably a whole bunch more stuff I haven't even found out about!  Go ahead and buy it, it's just a simple fifteen US dollars!"
,Recommended,211820,8494060,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DG | Captain John Willikers,Love this game to death!!! #YOLO #MagicalBlueBeast
76561198056005489,Recommended,211820,8496167,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Buddha,"This game is so simple, thats what makes it beautiful. Not to mention the games art is beautiful. I found my self being so drawn in. Hour after hour. I started mining and thought i would give up and watch a movie, then i came across a cave system. I was like ♥♥♥♥kk life we are going to explore this♥♥♥♥♥♥ Capsule after capsule, pixel after pixel. It in beta so i dont expect much, but so far... i love this game.8/10"
76561198025037600,Recommended,211820,8540263,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mage2639,is rly good
,Recommended,211820,8484062,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,happy kwanzaa from gabe,"this game is pretty nice, although it would be nicer if i could run it on my limited edition windows 97 computer."
76561197975201338,Recommended,211820,8484514,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,pcacton,"gripped !Give it an hour or so and finding the next outcrop of iron ore...or gold...or indeed, anything..becomes all consuming! As do all the questions and `what ifsEarly beta and already spectacular....dont hesitate.. try this..its stunning in its simplicity, and amazing in its depth..brlliantAlso, am only running a core 2 duo system this quite a few years old now and its faultless and smooth. have been gaming since the 70 s, when i travelled twenty miles (big deal back then! ) to whsmiths to buy one of the first 48k zx spectrums ..and in all the years since those early games,and anthing since, this is probably the finest, retro ..and inherantly playbale game i have seen. well done..am impressed!playability and addictiveness has come home!and its only beta!"
,Recommended,211820,8728260,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Kalimna,"Highly addictive, interesting gameplay. The concept is broad and I can see this becoming immersive if some of the things you had to do weren't so tedious."
76561198077090235,Recommended,211820,8734251,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Aquarius,Best game ever but I whish they would add ocean planets and stop clearing my work
,Recommended,211820,8747973,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,TallDwarf,"One of the best games ever. Great gramphics great grameplay! Great multiplayer, world generation, and weapon generation."
,Recommended,211820,8748539,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Pemoix,This game is so swag
,Recommended,211820,8765627,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,eXstermos,"its terraria in space, but terraria still is much better.... for now"
,Recommended,211820,7936241,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,nyub,"Awesome music, awesome graphics, awesome game, smooth gameplay, cute sprites...Very high quality for a Beta version.Just buy it and Play. !!!"
,Recommended,211820,9376591,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Jimmy's AI (Bot),Read my Terraria review and then multiply all numbers by 10 and add freaking random planets.RANDOMPLANETSWhy haven't you bought this yet?
,Recommended,211820,33359561,Posted: 7 July,all,( :’3」∠)_,"Incredible attention to detail by the devs, interesting lore, numerous quests, lots to discover. Fits many play styles, from the humble farmer/colonist type to the beat-em-up weapons collector type. Love it and couldn't recommend it more."
,Recommended,211820,33347938,Posted: 7 July,all,Peter Quill,"Why are you even reading the reviews for this game, it should already be in your library. This is like terraria with space. If you don't know what terraria is, you're completely in the wrong place..."
,Recommended,211820,9065766,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MallowBerry,"There are Poo Monsters in this game, it ripped off Conkers Bad Fur DayI give it a 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8613640,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Taliats,"One of the best gams i have ever played, it is so unbelievably addictive, a lot of people say it is a copy of terraria, this is not true, it is more of a spiritual successor, while Terraria is ok, this game is brilliant and much better. Plus, the art designer is the same guy who did Terraria's art"
,Recommended,211820,33270261,Posted: 5 July,all,Poneytueur,No man's sky but with content and fun
,Recommended,211820,33223838,Posted: 4 July,all,Mr_Zexa,"Great game, needs minimap."
76561198255788710,Recommended,211820,33167436,Posted: 2 July,all,Solo,Wow. This game is so good a great story gameplay everything just finshed the story I still have much to do but anyway buy this game NOW ok pls games like these need more love. Also I played on casual which is super hard with out soon og the mods it my be me or this game is hard.
76561198058663335,Recommended,211820,20546557,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Free Flyin',"I've played and enjoyed so many platformers, and this one is by far the best I've ever had the fortune of finding. The sheer amount of content, possibility, and playability vs price and performance is so disproportionate in favor of the former that it feels like I never even payed for the game whenever I play it. Plus the story is pretty enrapturing as of now, what with the standard quests, codecs, and now colony generated quests. Fantastic."
,Recommended,211820,32776505,Posted: 25 June,all,exotic budders,I love that you can go to planit to soler system freely.
76561197989542946,Recommended,211820,33189412,Posted: 3 July,all,FiftyCalebur,Just keeps getting better! :spiffo:
,Recommended,211820,33185556,Posted: 3 July,all,Lady Tyger,"I am so loving this game, it is much more open then I was expecting. Fighting can be limited if you know how to avoid it (unless your into fighting). You can build, rent out homes, travel to other planets."
,Recommended,211820,9115288,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,A 6 Year Old in A Wheelchair,amazing when playing with friends
76561198141512107,Recommended,211820,33196819,Posted: 3 July,all,David H,"Starbound Takes the open world sandbox concept of games like Minecraft and Terraria and expands upon it by setting you in a future where earth has just been destroyed. The intro mission sets the game's theme and emotional impact right off the bat by having you flee earth and to be stranded far from any help. As for the main story, it is a good choice for this genre and encourages you to explore new worlds.The game starts you off with precious little to work with and like similar titles you have to gather resources to improve your condition. There was only one point where I felt that the game didn't explain what I needed or how to get it but with a quick search at the wiki that was solved. Overall the game is set up to show you what you need and gives just enough info for the experience of finding it to be rewarding.The game also has great mod support and the workshop seems to keep putting out more and more mods every time I look. There are mods that break the experience, sure, however most are there just to tweak or enhance the game.Overall I'm in love with this game, the multiplayer especially allowing me to share this experience with friends and the new mechs are intriguing. I personally recommend this game to all of my friends and I hope more content is added so that the adventure can continue."
76561198066904182,Recommended,211820,28596938,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Frustration,JUST DO IT
76561198009468383,Recommended,211820,8223640,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Macaulay Culkin,"Amazing game loved it as soon as I started playing it . It brings back nostalgia from when I played Terraria but it feels like a much better Terraria. I recently bought Day-Z Standalone, Rust and this and I can say this is by far the better game in my opinion so far. If you like games similar to Terraria you will love this."
,Recommended,211820,8066251,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,swaggen,"More or less a Terraria sequal, really enjoyable"
,Recommended,211820,32167989,Posted: 3 June,all,Paxseko,"Cozybound is one of my favourite games ever. You can explore endlessly, especially with FU (thanks Sayter et al). Will continue to put many hours into Starbound."
76561198211585264,Recommended,211820,33294646,Posted: 5 July,all,Avademon,"In short, Starbound is a complex and exciting game which promotes and is based arond aspects of discovery, exploration, story and sustaining yourself in a vast and unknown universe.I find that the way the whole game is put together is really quite beautiful, though being viewed in a sort of pixelated style, similar to terraria, the way everything is designed, from a little wooden block to the fabulous spaceship, is thoughtful and really quite unique.I'm also really enjoying the most recent update which has put in a whole new part of the game: space mechs and space stations! Honestly, at this point, Starbound has elements of cooking, farming, dressing, crafting, exploring, building, creating and even bug catching that the developers are just coming up with more and more ideas  outside the box that are even begining to make me feel like Starbound could be a reality one day. Ofcourse, we'd all need individual spaceships and all that but playing starbound really does send you to another world - sorry, universe - alltogether.I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys exploration and story-based games."
,Not Recommended,211820,21118207,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Kalanken,"Okay, listen up. I've been playing this game for a long time, and I've got to stay this:The only reason, the only goddamn reason I played for so long was because of the communities I was in and the mods I could install. None of the core features do ANYTHING for me. Combat is boring- get rushed than quickly get killed, or have a good weapon and one-shot things. The healing system sucks. Oh, and did I mention ACID RAIN that gathers on the ground as POISON POOLS? I understand it is nice and colorful, but there's no meaning unless you toss mods or a nice roleplay community into the mix.Pros+You have different races and ships to choose from! Cool! Wow! Yeah, that died out quickly.+Randomly generated planets(for the most part, see 'Cons' below) and enemies.+Randomly generated.. weapons? O.. okay?Neutrals=They screwed up the modding community and keep doing so EVERY. SINGLE. ♥♥♥♥ING. UPDATE. Oh, and they also screw over servers too. Hey, you want someone to make a gun that ignores hitboxes, destories blocks in a 10000 block radius instantly, and to place down unbreakable block while PREVENTING SERVERS FROM BANNING IPS? Yeah, yeah. We all see who's side you're on, Chucklefish. You're on the griefer's side.=Griefers and hackers storm multiplayer. The only reason I'm not putting this as a con is because some of them can be kinda funny and actually interact with the community. Example: Some guy's placing unbreakable sewage blocks. Someone makes fun of his choice to put lava in the sewage after trapping someone. He, the nameless griefer, states in chat 'well let's make it a dirty job than!'.. and puts poison water instead. Actually was worth a laugh, despite the endless loop of dying.Cons-Chucklefish empowers griefers and inhibits servers.-Chucklefish keeps changing it's goddamn base code so that modders have to learn a new custom language and completely rework mods EVERY SINGLE UPDATE! May you rest in peace Starbound Save Editor. You were killed by the heartless chuckling fish.-You need mods to customize your character beyond the base color. Without SBSE, you need to recolor EVERY SINGLE PIXEL using Starcheat or do another method- either way, it's tedious and annoying.-Weapons can attack once every .0001 second and can do up to 7,000,000 damage per hit while ignoring armor. Oh, and did I mention Chucklefish got rid of the IP banning feature? 'Cause, they did. They screwed a lot of people over.-Server stability. It used to crash every five minutes and they've managed to reduce that to every twenty minutes- oh, but it still lags like hell, chat will freeze up sometimes so it stops working until someone restarts the server, and you need grade-A computers to be able to stand being on a planet with ten people on it standing completely still. Mining? Ohohoh, the server can't stannnnddd that. Don't even THINK about survival co-op!-Early access for over four years..? I mean, I bought it when it was cheap and a looong time ago, back when it was still a 'new' game, but.. I don't see any improvement? Okay, you screwed over the modding community a few times. Okay, you screwed over custom weapons more than once. Okay, you ruined server security. What's next? Are they going to take away the ability to ban people completely and force all the good roleplay servers to have to use whitelists to even stand ten minutes without a griefer attack..?-All dungeons have a set layout. All 'Avian Temples' are the same Avian Temples as the last temple you saw. All 'Apex Labs' have the exact same buildings in varying states of decay. There is no creativity. There is no meaning.-I seriously don't trust chucklefish.TL;DR: Don't get this. It's only gone downhill and Chucklefish is actively making it harder for the people who make the game fun to make the game fun. Just leave this sinking ship alone- it'll die out someday, just like The Stomping Land. It was fun while it lasted. /salutesAlso, 'Galaxy Citizen' is horrible. Don't go there. Go to any other roleplay server, seriously. No server manages to drive a person to suicide and still cling onto them like a virus like Galaxy Citizen does. Full of cliques, too. Every time I try to get back into it, I'm ignored. The only time someone interacted with me was: ""Ignores the stranger, turning his head to look around for his teammate."" YEEEEP. Talk about a closed community, huh?Addition: Just don't get Starbound."
76561198140817047,Recommended,211820,33294960,Posted: 5 July,all,lespacecat111,This is one of the best games i have ever played! There is SOOOOOO much to do in this game! It has just the right amount of challenge to make you want to play for hours! I haven't had any problems with this game (Well exept for the old version where the first boss was over powerd but they fixed it)! I would highly reconmend this game for anyone who is out for non-stop adventure!
,Recommended,211820,33214144,Posted: 3 July,all,Brandon-C137,"A great game, in my opinion, the people at chucklfish games did a great job of making this a solid game. no glitches, great gameplay and in no way a bad game."
76561198119610821,Recommended,211820,33297324,Posted: 5 July,all,Person Whom is Not a Person,"Ive had this game for awhile, and i had it before the main release. At first it was eh, but when it FINALLY came out of beta i decided to pick it back up. And MAN i enjoyed the ride. Everything about the game is fantastic, If you wanna do the story, go ahead. If you wanna just explore the universe and find the rare enemy ships that no one ever finds, go ahead. The game gives any player whatever they wanna do. Its a game i give high regards to for any player that ever wants a game that they can sit down at and play for hours."
76561198169512212,Recommended,211820,33298087,Posted: 5 July,all,FoundOne!,Best game 2017
,Recommended,211820,8420878,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,천국 Steler88 ♡,"At First, I thought that this game would have just been another plain old Terraria type game, But when i started getting the hang of it, it just clicked for me... I Instantly loved the game with all the Beautiful types of planets there are, Species, Items and so much more. This game is definitly deserving an instant Buy Even in its Early Build! But i know for sure that as this game progresses with newer builds and Versions, I know for sure that it will be well worth money spent :DIf you have spent your time to read this Review, then Thank You and i truly Recommend that you Buy this game cause its Soo Addictive and Exciting :D"
,Recommended,211820,8834990,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,finniepickle,What he said.....
,Recommended,211820,33086960,Posted: 1 July,all,Springtrionette,"This game is AMAZING! My current favourite, lots of things to do its so good! So, a list of pro's and cons?Pros:+Space+Epic races+Amazing ships+Gameplay draws you in and you keep coming back for more+Amazing armours and weapons+Awesome graphics+Awesome sounds+Everything elseCons:-Um......-I dunno-Guess there aren`t any consThis game is the best for you if you love anything like minecraft or terraria, and if you like space and alien races! Well worth the money!"
76561198118693070,Recommended,211820,31946859,Posted: 25 May,all,Twinkle-Dash,It's No Man's Sky but good.
,Recommended,211820,7981864,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Yonkers,tis good.
,Recommended,211820,8065169,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Snovvy,much game. much craft. so delight. do play.
76561198299972725,Recommended,211820,33419006,Posted: 9 July,all,Cio,Loved it! Great game and ten thousand times better than terraria! 10/10
76561198172301166,Recommended,211820,19204359,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,☠☭~ Chilled Chaos ~☣☢,Best first person shooter there is-10/10 -IGN
,Recommended,211820,9441482,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Dirty Dan,"This may be a beta game but my god this game does not look nothing close to beta! Aside from some amounts of lag this is worth your money! WELL DONT JUST STAND THERE MAN, BUY THIS GAME!!!!!! I give it a big 10/10"
76561198056096935,Recommended,211820,8083299,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,jjsliderr,"really funcould use some polish, but what game couldnt.took me awhile to figure out all the controls."
,Recommended,211820,8636078,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Zed,"this game is in early access but buy it now because its a great game. it has the trill of an mmo the terrain of terraria and the mechanics to back it up. the game is worth the money,"
,Not Recommended,211820,9027746,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,夜烏,"Good concept, great soundtrack, mod support, meh execution, dafuq is this combat, mining grinding, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ quests, explore the vast soulless solar system and last of all, you are really bound the ♥♥♥♥ing star.  This loses to Terraria in almost every aspect and that's really sad considering this was considered Terraria in space.I hoped this game could have turned into this big thing that everyone plays but gradually, updates after updates, there were no more content to explore, no replayability and no fun to be had.I would have rated this game a 8/10 before but now it's just a mediocre 5.4/10 which saddens me a lot since this game had potential but wasted it."
76561198068604658,Recommended,211820,8585803,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Daichi,i love this game
,Recommended,211820,8781355,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Black Top Xionicbeats,"anazing game, easy to create worlds with and great mod community"
76561198059356158,Recommended,211820,8742052,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,SkyMusketeer,"This game is so great, and it only LOOKS like Terraria but it's so much better! (Sorry Terraria) And it's only in the beta stage, I can't wait to see what else their going to add. 9999/10 My favorite game right now!"
,Recommended,211820,8573117,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Noot Noot,"As other reviews have said, this game is Terraria in space. The functionality is practically identical (foreground and background walls, inventory system where you collect everything you find, etc). The TL:DR version of this review is that the game is solid and fun to play. The combat can get a bit samey, but if you like games where you have a sandbox exploration and crafting function then this game is for you.The soundtrack is quite relaxing, and there is separate music for when you are in combat. Usually I watch TV when I'm playing a game like this, but when I do listen to the music it is still good to hear.CombatThe combat is quite basic, again like terraria. you swing weapons in an arc in front of you, or else straight forward, depending on weapon type. If you watch the video above you can see how the swinging works. There are differences from Terraria though. Instead of having descriptions like 'fast swing/slow swing' you are told a DPS, swings per second and base damage figure. So for example you may have a fast weapon that does 20 DPS due to having 2.00 swings per second and 10 damage on hit. One thing to consider is the knockback that your attacks create - unless you back an enemy up to a wall, you're unlikely to USE both of those swings to hurt it. However, knowing that fact allows you to consider using slower, more powerful weapons. There is also a 1h/2h system in place, so you can not only choose to dual wield, but also have one weapon out whilst holding food/bandages which makes for greater survivability. Finally, the actionbar is set out from 1-0 so you can have 10 items hotkeyed for use. There is also a left/right hand section. This allows you to place a weapon in your hands and freely swap between your actionbar 1-0 and your hands by pressing (default) the 'x' key. This means you can be mining, suddenly get attacked and press x to get your weapon out. Press x again, or any other number, and you can swap to your actionbar once more.Enemy combat is an area that is a little hit-and-miss for me. Generally when you are underground you will find walking enemies, and outside you will find a lot of flying enemies. All enemies are spawned with default attacks, and when colonising a planet it will help you to work out by sight which enemies use what attacks. Unfortunately, most land enemies just use a basic charge or body slam, which means combat is invariably an enemy running straight at you and jumping around. Flying enemies offer a greater range of attacks - flamethrowing, dropping rocks, ice clouds, and the most powerful - ACTUALLY STAYING OUT OF YOUR MELEE RANGE. In order to melee a flying enemy, you usually have to go further underground to make them chase you, then quickly climb back up before they get the chance to fly away. Failing this, there is a bow weapon easily craftable - but I often don't want to use it because of the loot generated.LootIn Terraria (apologies if you haven't played it and don't understand the comparisons) enemies were created with a large loot table - mostly coins, but random items like torches and bombs could be dropped.In Starbound, enemies are limited to very basic drops apart from some rare chances. The currency in Starbound is 'pixels' - and these are required for most of the important crafting recipes. An enemy will either drop pixels, meat or 'holiday spirit' (which I am hoping is removed very soon because it is too common to drop and prevents access to actual useful drops). In order to obtain pixels you either need to kill enemies, build a machine to convert ore to pixels, or find them in a variety of underground smashable machines and boxes. Whilst this system does allow for balancing - you will generally find yourself hitting a wall for an hour or so, then rushing to the next stage when you've spent a lot of time mining - it can sometimes feel that there is a burden on players to use melee weapons. The reason for this is that the craftable bow will only cause an enemy to drop meat or leather - NOT PIXELS.Whilst the intention behind this is to allow players to farm meat for the hunger system to prevent starvation, it imposes a harsh learning curve for melee combat. As I have said, melee combat against flying enemies can be difficult without tricking them into coming lower then jumping at them, and with ground enemies you have to contend with them bouncing around the room. This can be difficult if your computer lags (particularly when playing multiplayer games) and can result in a quick and painful death. I have been told that you can acquire guns later in the game which will allow you to kill enemies at range and collect pixels, but I haven't seen any in the early stages of the game, and it is likely that by the time you have found a gun you will already have a refinery to convert your ore, so pixel farming won't be an issue.In terms of loot items, these are usually found in chests in an existing cave or a random settlement. These can be a huge bonus or a waste of time, depending on how far you have progressed with your own gear before you find them. The best feature of these items is the random stats that can occur on them - for example a weapon with a lightning bolt icon in its description will fire a projectile forward - and this can be extremely useful in a pinch.ProgressionOne of my favourite features of Starbound is that there is a genuine sense of progressing from one stage to another because your crafting is deliberately limited. Your basic crafting tools start with one set of built-in recipes, and then in order to create better items you will need to upgrade the crafting table with a component item that is only dropped by a certain boss. In addition, upgrading items like tier armour or pickaxes will require you to sacrifice your existing item (for example, a copper pickaxe requires pixels, copper bars and a stone pickaxe to create). This may sounds like a restriction when you first come to it, but it does allow for the game to be balanced. Although it is technically possible to come to a new game and go mining until you can afford to upgrade everything in one go, the time this would take (especially with just a stone pickaxe) means that it actually makes more sense to steadily improve your equipment over time.<><><>POTENTIAL SPOILER<><><>The game's bosses are created by you - the initial quests lead you up to creating a distress beacon which spawns the first boss. This boss drops the component part that upgrades your anvil and therefore unlocks the next stage of your equipment. Because this is the only source of the component, you will need to spawn the boss multiple times if you want to colonise other planets, unless you bring your original crafting table with you.<><><>POTENTIAL SPOILER<><><>ExplorationThe first thing you see with exploration on this game is that it NEVER ENDS! There are thousands of planets over several sectors of space, and each of them will be unique in some way. Most aspects of the planet will be the same - you still collect dirt and ores and build on them - but there is always a variety of different plants and creatures, random settlements of NPCs and even varying levels of gravity. The only real way to get a feel for how big this aspect of the game is would be to go exploring yourself. However I would strongly advise setting your starter planet as a home planet since you can then use your ship's teleport to return there from anywhere in the universe."
76561198068502171,Recommended,211820,8564466,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,flamingcapybara,terraria 2.0 people
,Recommended,211820,8565484,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Alkxr,"The game is very fun and features lots of procedurally generated items, monsters, and planets.  My only issue with this game is that it becomes very grind heavy. 9/10 Stars"
,Recommended,211820,8806650,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Sogeking,"A Fun Game! Its Like A 2d Minecraft Mixed With Wayyy More Items, Guns, Space Travel, And Terraria"
,Recommended,211820,8799502,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,weely,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,211820,8803858,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,mname jef,I was roaming around an unamed planet in nothing but my undergarments while fighting a flying saucer that shot penguins at me. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8798859,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Suited Up,This game has lots of potential. Even Bats thought it was good... You KNOW that means this is a good game.
76561198042335837,Recommended,211820,8775625,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Ivan The Ludroth,"I personally believe that Starbound is a great game, and while it may be in Beta, and has at least 25 different crashes, if you get past them, it's a fun game."
,Recommended,211820,8780444,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Fuck You,I LIKE THIS GAME BECAUSE I CAN GET MY SUPER FAST SPACE SHIP AND I CAN FLY TO THE OTHER PLANETS IT IS SO FUN BUT I WISH THAT I COULD HAVE MORE MONSTER ATTACKS BECAUSE I BUILT A CASTLE AND NOW NOTHING WILL ATTACK IT BUT I STILL THINK I AM HAPPY I BOUGHT THIS GAME THANK YOU VERY MUCH STEAM
,Recommended,211820,8810402,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,W1ffm1r,Murder entire villages of bird people for pixels. 10/10
76561198049098483,Recommended,211820,8812086,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Succccccccccccc,"I have had so much fun with this game. Originally, I was expecting something akin to Terraria, but I was quickly impressed with Starbound. Upon beaming down to my first planet, I landed in a pool of toxic water and was marauded by three small armadillos. After managing to fend them off and recover from the poison, I set about building a house to take shelter from the animals and acid rain which had just began to pour down. If this was just a Threat Level 1 planet, I was cringing at the thought of anything higher. After finding the courage to venture outside, I delved deep underground and collected all the ore I could. When I emerged, I crafted myself a full set of the highest level armor I could (being a Hyotl, this was Pond armor) and several tools and weapons. I have continued on this path (fueling my futuristic starship with the most advanced source of fuel known to man and alien alike: Coal!) and have explored about seventeen star systems. I haven't experienced this much space-exploration fun in my gaming career.Pros:-Appealing, well animated graphics, and a nice pixel asthetic.-Very pleasing soundtrack.-Weapons feel smooth and well balanced (plus you don't have to click every time you want to swing it!)-Exploration is fun, and the randomly generated planets are a pretty awesome concept, and well executed.Cons:-The game is still in beta, and is largely unfinished.-The quest line is short, and can be unclear at times.-Hitboxes can be unclear.-Looking for fuel can be tedious if not done with exploration.I would really recommend this to anyone, really. I had a lot of fun with it, and will probably do so for many, many more hours."
,Recommended,211820,8789495,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Alonzo,"I torrented the game I already have, just so I could have more than 1 copy."
,Recommended,211820,7935322,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cyclops,"Its like if you took every item in terraria, built in to your toolkit or in the basic equiptment, then gives you aleins, a qalaxy full of planets, playable races, constant updates, and whispers gently into your ear "" this game took 1.3gb of hard drive space, terraria was only 48mb"""
,Recommended,211820,7940325,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,EightyNine,"Awesome effing game. I wasn't expecting it to be as great as it is. Vast, open worlds to explore, and an infinite number of them to travel to. Threat levels make it easy to see at a glance whether you should land or not. It's awesome.Only downsides I see for the moment (Which, given it is in beta, will probably be fixed):-You cannot change where on the planet you land each time. So, If you walk a long distance away and then beam back up, your travel will not be saved.-Merchants and Villiages always seem to be on the exact opposite side of the planet from where you land. Combined with problem 1 above, it makes them difficult to access.-Occasional crashes. Very infrequent. Happened to me like once and I've been playing it for like 18 hours. But, when they do happen, they're a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥-Currently there is no way to sell your loot, trade with other players (aside from dropping, which is insecure), no way to transfer pixels (the currency) to anyone else besides NPCsAnd there could be other things to improve the game. The map system is a bit tricky to use, but not bad once you figure it out. There is not, that I have found, a way to teleport to friends in your party, which makes party-play more difficult. The villiages are few and far-between, and when you do find them, there isn't anything marking who is or isn't a vendor. Assuming you figure that out (just by interacting with everyone), most of the things they sell don't vary in level very much and aren't very good. Dropped/found loot usually isn't as good as what you have. Would be awesome with a true, rpg-style leveling system. 20% pixel cost if you die is quite high, given how frequently it happens. And, finally, armour does almost nothing to protect you. Full iron armour, which took hours and hours to get the materials for, does little more to protect me than the clothes I started with.All in all, however, it is a fantastic game and I look forward to continuing to play it."
,Recommended,211820,7941228,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Noves,Absolutely amazing game! Has really nice features such as temperature and how trees actually fall sidewards! I've only played for 2 hours and I'm already loving it. It really annoyed me finding out I can use coal as fuel after I collected a few hundred and trying to work out how to make a special fuel! Brill game though!
76561198021740728,Recommended,211820,8177907,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kanye West,fun
,Recommended,211820,8110939,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FuCk,Starbound is a game that looks like Terraria but not really as much of a grinding game as it. Starbound is more about adventure exploring and preperations for epic battles. You probably will have some WTF moments because this game is in alpha and because the first boss is a frickin flying UFO penguin. I garentee you will have lots of fun playing this with or without friends.I played about 8 hours of the game when it first came out. How much do you think you will play?   10/10
,Recommended,211820,8111649,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Icebelly,"This game. How can I even begin to describe this piece of art. It takes everything that was good about terraria such as it's mechanics and improves upon them. It addes even more content to that. And on top of that the fluidity of this game is amazing. Block placing is absolutely perfect, the mining system is flawless and the planets just blow my mind. Of course though this is still a beta and has much to improve on, but even on day one I saw this game breaking records, and soaring up the stats board. It only has a few problems, I do occasionally crash when saving and exiting, the npc pathfinding could use some work, birds are an absolute pain, and some of the items are being buffed and nerfed constantly. Even then this game is still amazing and has earned it's place easily as my favorite game. I've already sunk 150+ hours into this game and probably going to reach 200 in no time.Overall?9/10It's nearly perfect with just a few things needed to improve upon."
,Recommended,211820,8111744,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Gilrix,This game has official copyright claim on my testicles and all sperm produced throughout them.
,Recommended,211820,8147052,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Gordon Ramsay,Terraria and FTL crossover. Yes.
76561198035753749,Recommended,211820,14261303,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bone Doulou,"became a bird, got killed by a fly lookin fly. 11/10"
76561198093406782,Recommended,211820,10429430,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Zolno,This is one of the most fun and entertaining games I've ever played!I highly recommend it to people who like space explroration!
,Recommended,211820,8002876,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,FenderTR,"Better then Terraria, but still need a huge development, we believe in you! :3"
,Recommended,211820,9259336,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Trap Guardian Lux,"DamnStarbound. Still in Beta, but it feels like its 200% completed. You have a TON to explore, a TON to craft, and a TON to complete. And, Mods.Seriously, Its fun alone, Its Fun in Co-Op, You have alot to do and you can Mod alot.And still, its in beta and has like no bugs. Seriously, None! and the beta means that there is still stuff Coming.Get this Game Right Now."
,Recommended,211820,7937314,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,BIG GIT,If you liked Terraria then you will want this...
,Recommended,211820,10396316,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,WiLlIeBeAr,This game is about 15x better than terraria in many ways
,Recommended,211820,10071549,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,[EN] OkamiHybrid,BIST GIME EVER:3
76561198139682383,Recommended,211820,16298739,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Twoelbows,"Best 2-D game everu wanna fight a huge♥♥♥♥♥pokemon, doneu wanna cosplay as a flower, doneu wanna own the death star plans, donewanna beat stuff with a cactus sword, donewanna die over and over again in a floran temple to get crappy loot, done"
76561198053389864,Recommended,211820,8901691,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,HepB0Z,great
,Recommended,211820,16246526,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,FoobyDude,It's Fun!
,Recommended,211820,16295262,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,SANIC DE HEDGEHOEG,GREAT/Noice. 21 out of 10Great for mlg playerz
76561198009634844,Recommended,211820,8606479,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,[POOP]MrGrimbilly,"I built a town in one sitting for 7 hours without getting up. While i had no pants onwow, much fun, such good, many killing. 12/10 would play again."
,Recommended,211820,26941402,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Spook Duke Space Gook,I love this game
,Recommended,211820,9272649,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Palki,"This is in beta, but it promises to be a fantastic gameVisiting worlds, surviving off the inhabitants and crafting weapons and armour in order to survive.As soon as this becomes a full game, this is one to keep track on, highly fun gameI give it the thumbs up"
,Recommended,211820,9096216,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Xyn,"Probably the most fun Sandbox RPG I have ever played. Very customizable, very open galaxy, and overall, again, the BEST Sandbox RPG I have ever played. Utterly Amazing. 100 out of 5"
76561197986187942,Recommended,211820,8711392,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,DMODW,I got my hands on this two days ago and I'm already addicted. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8502667,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,lil coccyx骨,"May seem like a terraria clone to some of you, but trust me, this game is completely different. (Well, maybe SOMEWHAT different). It's in it's beta stage, so a little buggy, but it's still very playable. The atmosphere is great, the gameplay is hard, but not roguelike, and the soundtrack is absolutely beautiful. This game is definitely worth the 15 bucks to buy it. Go press that buy button, mate!"
,Recommended,211820,8354790,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Darth,Pretty fun. Character wipes have put me off the game for now as the effort goes to waste. I miss my throne.
,Recommended,211820,22657812,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,ᴀsʜᴇɴ ᴏɴᴇ,"sucked up my life and fell in love, and accidentally launched it in 64 bit after playing for over 20 hours and all my data was deleted.10/10 would cry againEDIT: Fast forward a long time later, beat the game, pretty damn fun, good amount of stuff to do."
,Recommended,211820,25038628,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,๖ۣۜLancelot,"I've had starbound since they had teirs for planet explorations. I used to be a vanilla player till I was introduced to mods. I enjoyed the music mods that other users made; So I made my own and so far its going great.Its pretty boring playing starbound vanilla; so I recommend finding mods that would increase your gameplay to the next level.Why StarboundTerraria in SpaceMods and lots of themCreate your own modPlay with FriendsPlay on servers and roleplay ""Majority of SB servers are RPs""Uncharted Universal ExplorationBe a Human - Plantlike thingy - Monkey ""Apex"" - Bird - A freakin star! - lol a robot"
76561198148953927,Recommended,211820,24678233,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,TaytoTheGhastly,"This game... JEEZ this game...I wanted to write a long, drawn out review rambling on about this game. I wanted to tell people about how amazing it was, how they shouldn't be too discouraged by the flood of negative reviews after release from people angry over little changes (personally I don't really care about how they went about the intro and the removal of racial weapons. A bit disapointed? Sure, but I'm not gonna let that get in the way of my enjoyment of this game). I wanted to remind everyone that a big part of this game is the fact that you can make your own path; follow the story or don't, farm and build or be a nomadic space captain, do whatever YOU want to do. I realized though that such a review would be loaded with my own passionate, blind spewage about how great this game is and would sound stupid and sappy.Then I saw the pile of negative reviews on top here, and I accidentally let the stupid, sappy part of me out of the cage I kept it in and it wrote the review anyways. Oops.Well, in case you couldn't tell, I love this game. I love exploration, the excitement of finding new interesting things in the depths of space, and the feeling of being the captain of a mothertrucking SPACE CREW. I know it's not for everyone, but if you like 'sploring, at least watch someone play it on youtube or something and see if you're interested. What can I say, I'm heavily biased."
,Recommended,211820,28603000,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Ocelot,GOTY 2016
76561198184536927,Recommended,211820,32792531,Posted: 25 June,all,Hail papa keem,lots of stuff... noice
,Recommended,211820,29551189,Posted: 28 January,all,Salem727,I would definetly recommend this game if you enjoy sandbox games such as terraria its insanely addicting
,Recommended,211820,9895049,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Worthing,"Of all the sandbox games to comeout since minecraft, none have shined half so bright as Starbound. It's robust crafting system and options of exploration are, in my opinion, unmatched in any game out to-date. Already in my mind a complete experience, I can only imagine what the creators have in store for us."
76561198020881055,Recommended,211820,20737831,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,0Neko,"*Edited Updated Review*I have now played the full completed game, single player & multiplayer - and it so awesome! They changed what my frustration was in the early access (setting up multiplayer) it is now very easy.I really enjoy this game and would most definitely recommend it! >.<"
,Recommended,211820,26962861,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bumpytruck,I buried my wife under a mountain of slime; she was trapped for 30 minutes.She doesn't like exploring with me anymore.
,Recommended,211820,8745032,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Coldhandz,"Great game. Even though its just in beta i already love it. Tons of replay value due to the huge amount of stuff that is randomised. If you like survival games like Terraria but also sci-fi and exploration, you should definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,25311615,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Reliaks,I want the devs to push their long juicy ♥♥♥♥s in my booty
,Recommended,211820,32481724,Posted: 16 June,all,Atlas Freecs,"I dont like typing long and thick (wink wink) reviews for games so I'm just going to try to sum it up for y'all, Starbound is basically what No Man's Sky meant to be and Terraria and a pinch of Faster Than Light, all mixed together and glazed with a great and unique but repetitive narrative, side quests and NPC's.**I am typing this review currently standing at 19.2 hrs (in 2 days) so my review might not mirror the whole experience you might end up getting**"
76561198323947174,Recommended,211820,32517535,Posted: 17 June,all,Derp :P,Can some1 help I deleted a big mod and i broke the game how do I get a whole new starbound to play on if you know pls help me I need help
,Recommended,211820,9670701,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,fr0sty,Great game. Would highly reccomend for anyone who likes terraria.
76561198057379943,Recommended,211820,28834396,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,illuminat,this is THE No Man Sky
,Recommended,211820,8050929,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Proteus,Awesome.Nuff Said
,Recommended,211820,7937828,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kujila,Terraria II : A Space Voyage
76561198133206591,Recommended,211820,24944368,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,The Penetrator,This game is♥♥♥♥♥with a passion
76561197969279181,Recommended,211820,7953600,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Evilfarmerbob,"It's space Terraria basically, what's not to love?"
76561198058533409,Recommended,211820,7923204,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,LickMyGoat,Great
76561198003079193,Recommended,211820,8343888,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jessidiah,"Ok, if you are looking for a viable replacement for crack... then look no further.  I have barely been able to stop playing this game since I purchased it.  I might add that I have never really been one for side scrollers/indie games/etc... I really don't think any review or preview of this game would even remotely do it much justice-  you just have to play it and see for yourself :)"
,Recommended,211820,24145605,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Forest,"I managed to fix the problems. And its extemly fun. Good game for the terraria lovers and explorers. If you've played this game alot, you know its really fun to play with other people too."
,Recommended,211820,8098676,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Indiana Bones,ill bound ur star bb 10/10 would travel space again
76561198057943825,Recommended,211820,8297281,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Nero,I never got into sandbox-survival games but this one is kinda special tbh (it is a bit more organized/tidy).Now even in beta it is really good and polished even though all I have tried is the single player part of it.Got to try it with some friends too cause i bet this is where it will shine .Still I got to recommend it :)
,Recommended,211820,7971252,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,phoon,So awesome! I HIGHLY recommend it to anyone who is ready for an adventure and enjoys sidescrollers
,Recommended,211820,8340229,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Deury,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8104399,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Serise.sg,"Sci Fi, adventure, pixel, crafting, awesome game to play with friends. Seriously. Worth  it."
,Recommended,211820,29411069,Posted: 21 January,all,The Simic Mimic,"This game was an amazing experience, and the replayability has me coming back time and time again. I originally was a big Terraria player, but I felt that with space exploration and different races of playable characters available the game could be even better.I found myself scrolling around different pages of the Steam marketplace, and I stumbled into this gem of a game. The crafting is intuitive and makes sense, the story is enthralling and has the most free reign in terms of gameplay. If you want to go to an underwater planet and build a home under the waves, you can do it. If you want to go fight hordes of mutated enemies around a radiated star, you can do that. If you want to save the galaxy from impending doom using ancient artifacts, you can do that.I CAN NOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME ANY MORE TO FANS OF TERRARIA OR OTHER 2D SANDBOX GAMES!I am extremely excited for future updates and additions to the game. It has a great stage to build on, and with what is already there I can only see this game becoming bigger and bigger like it's more wellknown sister games."
,Recommended,211820,29912679,Posted: 13 February,all,Starburner,"I've been playing this game since it was in Early Access, and even despite the changes to world generation, I still find this game extremely fun. It can get a little boring going solo, but adding multiplayer to the mix makes it easy to play for days on end, not to mention the fantastic mods out there."
76561198119552942,Recommended,211820,29790509,Posted: 8 February,all,Me Me Big Boy,just as good as terraria
76561198163529433,Recommended,211820,29836897,Posted: 10 February,all,Ben10BestAnime,this is one of the best games i have ever played and i highly suggest you buy this oh what your family is dying form cancer and money problems spend the money on starbound itll be like you never had a family ...oh wait thats alot worse BUT SERIOUSLY SCREW THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS THIS GAME IS AWESOME thoose are people who are bad at the game and play madden games and sports games and think that because they play thoose games there an athlete dont listen to thoose disgraces buy this game you wont regret it at all
,Recommended,211820,29863940,Posted: 11 February,all,BowsyOnion,LOVE IT
,Recommended,211820,29774083,Posted: 7 February,all,[TYE] TEMPORA,"Been with starbound from the start, seen the amount of changes and updates there has been, and i have to say its truly a great game, especially with friends.brilllant devs, who have listened to feedback and imput of us, the consumers, Creating a game rich in lore, fun to explore, very fun to play.- Music is great and fitting.- Lore is rich and cool.- Exploration is fun and rewarding.- Leveling is balanced.- Gameplay is fun as hell, and still challenging in parts.- Diverse characters and weapons.- Bosses are different and also balanced.- Pricing is fair and reasonable.As ive said with ""The Forest"" starbound is an example of when ""Early access"" can be done right, the devs have done a great job and so much more credit than they are give.9/10Big Up chucklefish!"
,Recommended,211820,29739912,Posted: 6 February,all,Zuwiczek,This game is very better than terraria.
,Recommended,211820,29670885,Posted: 3 February,all,JSlayerGFC,"Man... I can't believe I've been playing this game for over 50 hrs and still have not written a review...Well...I guess I'll do a pros and cons list...Pros:This game is amazing! The bulding and crafting is on point, the different planets are fun to explore.I was surprised to see that it actually has a pretty good story.The community is great.!It's still being updated with new comtent!OMGosh! The modding community has some of the best content this side of Minecraft and thanks to its Steam Workshop support you can access and update them easily. I swear after the first week of play I had 20+ mods installed...Cons:The updates can't seem to come fast enough...So that about wraps my review up.In conclusion this game is well worth the 15$ and I would sugest it to anyone!10 / 10"
76561198070690042,Recommended,211820,28910448,Posted: 1 January,all,Gator,"So first off I'd like to say, besides minecraft - of which I didn't play much anyway, I've never played anything like this.I really thought I wouldn't like this game, I was wrong.  It's a rediculously fun game.  Getting a base going on your first planet is a game in and of itself, much less all the other planets and things waiting for you.I don't even usually like games like this but I don't mind the side scrolling in this one.  Highly reccomended very fun game.Only problem is some friends have had a hard time connecting to my game."
,Recommended,211820,28964322,Posted: 2 January,all,Cloud9 PhoKings csgolive.com,best game ever you have to buy it.
,Recommended,211820,28689394,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Jakieś Bóstwo w Chmurach,"I was told by a friend that there is a game called Starbound. When i saw the screenshots, I thought to myself ""Looks like Terraria in space"". Not really surprising, graphics are similar. Few days later I bought it and got completely sucked in. And I came to a conclusion, that the one of the things that make Starbound similar to the mentioned Terraria is graphics, while others being the occurence of bossfights, and, of course, the ability to create. But the thing that splits these two games is storyline of Starbound. Specifically, it existence. you see, this game, unlike Terraria has got an actual story.While it's missions are repetitive af, it's nice to know, that at least we have a reason to kill bosses. There are side missions as well, though they are mostly based on doing errands for NPC's like growing kiwis or giving them ores. They might not be the most interesting and unique, but are always rewarding, ranging from bag with random item, through money and even crew members for your own ship, that can be upgraded, by either getting some crew or buying a fake license. There are some side quests that require you to kill a boss, but beware, as they are often challenging. What else in this game can you do, besides slaying penguins, ufos... or a penguin in a ufo, you might ask? You can hire penguin mercs, colonize planets, kill bandits, kill meat eating plant people, complete main storyline, try to explore as many planets as possible in an infinite space, terraform them, build a cozy home with a farm, run away from the pink ghost on moons while collecting fuel for your ship, whine about the hunger system (which is not that bad), complete ancient challenge dimensions, play with friends(highly recommended, lots of multiplayer quality fun guaranteed)and kill other players after typing /pvp just to get an achievement and then turn your pvp off just to get called a wimp by the game itself.Combat feels good to me. You can use various types of weapons, like spears and assault rifles and even wands and staffs.Audio doesn't make you want to commit suicide.Oh, and the game is still getting new content, plus there are many mods on steam workshop available to use.Overall: I fell in love with this game, buy it, play alone for some time and then convince friends to buy it and play online. Totally worth it. You ain't gonna regret it."
76561198173247933,Recommended,211820,28943921,Posted: 2 January,all,Bodie,"This is in my top 3 favorite games of all time. I loved every moment I played of this game. I truly believe that Starbound is more than a game, but also a journey. The soundtrack is some of the most beautiful music I have heard in a video game.I truly enjoyed playing this game, even through the development stages."
,Recommended,211820,28692114,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,xkrazykidx,Game is absolutely amazing - i made most of my friends buy it while it was still in its beta stages. It has definitely come a long-long way.
76561198086037172,Recommended,211820,28697118,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,traci,"I actually see StarBound as acceptable, AND THAT'S SAYING SOMETHING COMING OUT THE MOUTH OF SOMEONE WHO MAKES ANYTHING SEEM LIKE A FUTURE ARMAGEDDON ZONE, heck, I'm listening to its beautiful music as I write this. Here's why I suggest this game: first of all, the gameplay. I can understand the controls, the story is unique, it's challenging but playable, and its graphics are a set of pixelated masterpieces. Heck, you can even make your own character, similar to Skyrim's customization at the beginning of the game. And similar to Terraria, there is a difficulty setting to your characters, from either just losing your currency, or staying dead. Secondly? The music. On the plains planets, it reminds me of MineCraft's beautiful music I like to listen to. I actually feel a little bit more calm as I write this. If you hate StarBound, first of all, just either play this or just die, secondly, sorry about that. Everyone has an opinion, so don't play if you don't want to. But to those who want to play, good luck. You are one of three people when you play this, you are a first time gamer, some hardcore legend, or someone inbetween, and to you all, have some fun."
76561198083335803,Recommended,211820,29711233,Posted: 4 February,all,Be Back Soon,"Yes. So much to do and see. So full of content. You feel so much freedom when you really get going in this game. Then you hit a wall, get bored, and end up coming back. It's great."
76561198346619415,Recommended,211820,29426813,Posted: 22 January,all,ratman0978,This game is the best.
,Recommended,211820,25103807,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Kibibit,this > No Man's Sky
,Recommended,211820,29873911,Posted: 12 February,all,[Funkyway.net] « AnimyFox »,I don't have much to say... just do it. Make the Buy button come true! Dooo it!
,Recommended,211820,29731072,Posted: 5 February,all,TemplanOW,"Great game, will play another 250 hours."
,Recommended,211820,29837127,Posted: 10 February,all,Professor Jigglybutt #FreeLDZ,"I absolutely love this game. It not only has an engaging storyline and memorable boss fights that actually present a challenge, but the fact that the developers let the community go wild and made access to the Steam Worksop made this game one of my favourite things to play these days. There is one HUGE problem though. The game will randomly uninstall itself and you have to redownload it. I've downloaded it 4 times now, and this should really be looked into. Good game though."
,Recommended,211820,29897946,Posted: 13 February,all,MoG,"10/10. Such a fun co-op game, well worth every cent!! The loot is too good!!"
,Recommended,211820,7982166,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Diesel Uterus,"Great fun, addictive with a great soundtrack. Seriously, I lost like five hours to this game! :D"
,Recommended,211820,7982403,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,v2'sly,Very good game! It's everything Terraria should have been.
76561198023144084,Recommended,211820,7983011,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Farn,Even though its only in beta its still really fun to play with friends. Compared to terraria its at least twice as good.
76561198049011651,Recommended,211820,7985840,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,King Arthur of Camelot,"10 out of 10 dunks, but seriously this game is amazing! And I cant wait for it to be fully updated. Give it a try you won't regret it."
,Recommended,211820,7986594,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,SKullFinger,"One of best games i've played, and I have played a lot of games. Also this not like terraria."
,Recommended,211820,7986727,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Malarkey724,"The music is fantastic, the graphics are charming... Very enjoyable to play.Still in it's beta phase, there are certainly some bugs. There's also a general lack of direction once you clear the first boss. (Which takes about an hour or two if you've played Terraria or Minecraft and understand basic mining game mechanics.)Will probably be absolutely fantastic as the developers continue their diligent work.Great game already, and looks like it'll only get better."
76561198035434986,Recommended,211820,8021758,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kyle,"There is so much to do in this game, be it explore the many different planets, to building up your homeworld and showing it off to your friends.Much like Terrarria, this game is a sanbox game, with a lot of adventure thrown in. Roughly 15 hours in and I have barely scratched the surface (though it is possible to rush through if you want), and this is just early beta. As is I'd say its well worth its price, and there is even more yet to come assuming the devs pull through, and I see no reason why they won't. Barely a week in and they have already patched multiple times to help fix problems (and even overhaul the first combat system).This does with a downside though, you can expect character wipes though hopefully it won't be that common. This game is also not optimized yet, though if you have even a slightly decent computer you should be fine, I have run in to 0 problems with framerate.I highly recommend this game for any one interested in sandbox or adventure games."
,Recommended,211820,8052327,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Dusty † Herbs,swag
,Recommended,211820,8052542,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Isaiah1540,AWESOME if you think its like terraria the graphics are but the game Expands largley with space and such their is no limit - 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8054416,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Yanniesaurusrex,"This game is amazeballs. I seriously can not stop playing it, and that's saying something because I have the attention span of a.. well a girl."
76561197992860944,Recommended,211820,8082237,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,AzzKikr143,"IT'S NOT A TERRARIA CLONE!Wow. Just, wow! What can I say about Starbound that hasn't already been said a thousand times over? Yes it is a sequel to Terraria, in that it is by the same developers, and yes, it borrows heavily from Minecraft survival elements. But in standing on the shoulders of these two giants, the whole is greater than the sum of the parts.I've gotten it in beta, and it is by far the most competent beta I've ever tested. It takes the best of both games and compounds them into a new game with way better story elements, enemies, and NPCs! Hell, it even has FTL elements and a splash of Pokemon thrown in! And the result is beautiful.My only complaint is the multiplayer system. It is not very intuitive unless you have experience with Port Fowarding like in Terraria or Minecraft. If not, well there's youtube for that. And IT IS WORTH YOUR TIME to figure out multiplayer!Seriously wht are you not playing RIGHT NOW? Why aren't I?- cya, gonna go play!"
,Recommended,211820,8073986,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"One of the best indie games i've ever played. Even if it's still in Beta, this game has already become one of my favourites. If I only had more time to play it...For indie game that's in the early access it don't have as many bugs and glitches, as it could have (minecraft already came out but still have thousands of bugs).Fun to play with friends,  but also fun to play without them, but still, not so much fun as if you play with friends.Feel free to explore. No limits. No responsibilities for dead bodies of random generated aliens. >:DJust try it, there is no way that you wouldn't like it!"
76561198052975107,Recommended,211820,8074259,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Penis,Terraria IN SPACE
,Recommended,211820,8075938,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CedarQuarry [Link],It's like Terraria on steroids... and done really well.
,Recommended,211820,8076528,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,PloP,"Starbound is if Terraria and Minecraft had a baby in space and added lasers.This game is still in beta? and has a large amount to offer, ranging from 7 different unique races with all different personalities, weapons and spaceships! This game has endless exploration of randomly generated planets and mobs! This game is great with friends as you are able to go mining with your mates, swing over lava pools, rock out with the large number of instruments on your friends ship and raid towns and dungeons!I highly recommend this game as it has lots to offer for just the beta!Skyrim with guns"
,Recommended,211820,8057936,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,calamity,The Terraria killer for sure! With my lust for space and adventures starbound makes the must have pixel game on steam! May have some bugs at the moment but they don't ruin the game.10/10 Buy now or be killed.
76561197997353972,Recommended,211820,8058465,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Amarok,"If you liked terraria, you'll love this."
76561198032078661,Recommended,211820,8058593,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,orionpax6,"This game is a lot of fun. There is so much to explore and do, and its not even finished yet! Way better than Terarria. I love the diversity you find going from planet to planet."
,Recommended,211820,8060337,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Mr. Lava Freeman,Yes
,Recommended,211820,8061349,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Queq,"definetly recomend this game, its good enough as it is, and its only in beta!! good game to play with your friends."
,Recommended,211820,9337589,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,L O N G B O Y,Ruined my life. 5 stars.
76561198112753071,Recommended,211820,9376001,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TheRacks,Meh
,Recommended,211820,8513179,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tig The XMW,"Do you like Terraria? Then this game could be for you.The game plays smoothly with good hit detection, and there is plenty to explore. You feel like you don't like the planet you are on anymore? Just get some fuel and leave, and if you wrote down the co-ordinates of your previous world you can go back there when ever you want. Each world has can have a variety of NPC buildings ranging from towns to dungeons, and not only that they also have randomly generated trees, mobs, and color schemes. Depending on your luck you might find multiple planets with similar trees and mobs in a row.Some nice little things it has:Each race has unique weapons from the crafting system, and some unique armor sets. Currently this is only a visual change.There is a vast variety of crops and food you can make with them.You can dual weild 1-handed weapons.And there are musical instruments that you can use to play ABC music files, and people playing in multiplayer can actually hear the song. (even if they don't have the music file)Alien meat is somewhat commonly dropped from mobs, and you can cook it to make food.I would list more, but it would start to be things that are almost a standard for this type of game.Some annoyences:Currently the game is in an early beta state, so there may be character or universe wipes.Since it is in beta there are bugs that may crash the game or require a server to restart.There are lots of times when you just feel way too strong, or way too weak.Currently there is no point to farming or crafting foods with the alien meat drop rate.Well those are my thoughts on the game for now."
,Recommended,211820,8590900,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Dr.Zomboland,"You will find this game very familiar to Terraria.Well those who havent played Terraria are first who are looking at the same theme as the Game Terraria.Game made by ChuckleFish.You can acces singleplayer or multiplayer mode and play with your friends.Even though the game is still in work-in progress the game itself realy fun.You find yourself in a place far frome home only to Survive.I realy recomend this game but. Beware.Becouse the game is not finished you can expect for:Bugs,Crashes,and Wipes.And when you done playing you can add mods from the Official ChuckleFish Forum.Would be better if Steam added Steam Workshop to the game itself so you can acces mods in any time.So yeah.Buy this game.Explore Space."
76561198078555792,Recommended,211820,8594159,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Glamoid The Glan Giggler,Great game! Just like terraria but a lot better in every way!
,Recommended,211820,8609768,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Lastshadow [FR],Blblblblblbbl <3
76561198049609470,Recommended,211820,8609865,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Axey,Amazing game there is so much to do even the beta. Its like terraria times 10.
,Recommended,211820,8610212,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"Best game ever. 10/10. No man's sky wanted to be this, but never will be. I would recommend this to all of my friends."
76561198080474756,Recommended,211820,8613575,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Beatzbybae,"It's been a While since I found a good Role playing game. I randomly picked this game up because it was on sale, and I had lots of Steam money from Christmas. Now, lets start this by saying on thing. This game is bloody briliant!!!! From the chosing of your charecter to fighting off enemys in a duengeon, i haven't had this much fun in a game for a long long time! Good job to ChuckleFish for this amazing game. Now that thats out of the way, there are some problems. The game is early on, there are chrashs and bugs (I seem to have one with the ships Teleport beam.) But don't let that ruin it for you! Thank you"
76561198057411986,Recommended,211820,8614831,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Solnear,This game is one of the most addicting games I have every played. With in a couple of days it has become my most played games on steam. So if you were thinking about getting this game you need to get it! And the DEV. Team is an amazing team and they listen to the community.I give this game a 10/10
76561198006407277,Recommended,211820,8615131,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,TheFunkyMonkey,"I was skeptical at first because I did not enjoy Terraria much, but this game has so much content to go through. The music is great, and it feels great when you achieve large goals or unlocking something. Definitely a good game to grab."
,Recommended,211820,8600804,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kennedy Licks,"The magical universe of starbound is bursting with terrific content, to keep you interested for a long time, Despite having one less dimension, Starbound hides greater depth than its 3D cousins"
76561198058121687,Recommended,211820,8600815,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TheShiffle,Great game worth a play
,Recommended,211820,8603654,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Count Skummz,Found an underground monkey people lab. Dug around stole everything then left the planet.10/10Terria but with more rpg elements what more do you need.
76561198068601277,Recommended,211820,8606335,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,TingTing,"Love the idea of it , wish the multiplayer was a bit easyer to work out .Would be good to be able to play with people i've never met before :) ."
,Recommended,211820,8582326,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Large and in charge,Much better than Terria.
,Recommended,211820,8583697,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Pinkeyyou,"""It looks like a mixture between Terraria, Minecraft, and space things""-My Mom"
,Recommended,211820,9039309,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ipayforstaemgames,A   cross between terraria and space= AWESOME  11/10  so far. Expect more content in the future
76561197989656758,Recommended,211820,9044102,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,BoSs_391,"I personaly love this game, and the fact that it feels like a fully complete game even though its still in beta is the icing on the cake, 6 customizible races, a seemingly infinite amount of different worlds with different sectors to explore, dungeons and villages, and a multitude of mods to make your playthough even better, and did i mention the ease of installing these mods, take the mod and plop right in the folder, done, i would highly suggest getting this game, you won't reget it"
76561198112183801,Recommended,211820,8969448,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Gublyb,"Ooookaaay...This game gets alot of flak. And yeah, some of it is deserved.Progress in updates has been slowNot all the new updates are nececarily good onesThe game STILL feels unfinishedBUT THIS IS STILL A GOOD GAME!In the latest update, I feel that the game has been taken many steps closer to its origna; promise: An open world space exploration game. The update, while creating some new problems, has at least fixed some of the more major errors:-Combat is now more fun than it was before. Skill and timeing are now needed rather than simply cowering behind a shield untill enemies let their guard down. 2 handed weapons are now just as viable as any other weaopn type-The new race, Novakids, are one of the more unique races with a new progression system. Plus, they get guns to start with, so thats cool.-Whlie I may be alone in this opinion, I think that the way the bosses are now built into missions is a cool adition. It makes your victory feel earned, rather than summoning the box inside a cube with a small hole in it and taknig potshots at it.-The new progression system feels much beter than the old method of sectors.-New weapons/items. It helps make the game feel more full.But, there are some things that have been wronged in this update.-Hunger and temprature have been removed. I understand this is because they were fundamentaly broken in the new update, but they were cool features. I hope they get added again soon.-Guns are still way too rare to make them a viable choice. Novakids get them as default cradting options, and so far they are the only race i've used guns over swords in-The codexes, one of the best features in the orignal version, seem even more rare than before. Not a horrible thing, but it makes finding the full story almost impossible.-There is no motivation to build houses. Sure, the new teleporters mean it is at least viable to build a base on a planet, but it's much easier to simply build everything in your ship.Starbound, to me at least, is the prime example of why developers should think very, very hard about early access. Starbound told a story of grand adventures in the stars, and at first playes were satisfied with the taste they got in early access. Then they got slightly annoyed at the lack of updates. And when they were told that the winter update was THE BIG one, they seemed to expect a finished game. When it still wasn't enough, the negative review poured in.So I suppose there realy isn't a way to convince you to buy this. The game is better, but still far from perfect. But I still love it. When I land on a planet, explore it, find a random dungeon, get something from it, finaly get enough titanium to complete the armour set, go on a new quest, and when that all gets boring, simply set in random co-ordinates and see where it takes me. And yes, more often than not it will take me to a random planet that has nothing on it except trees and more trees. But every now and again, the game grabs my attention and convinces me it was worth buying it.At this point, the best thing you can do is keep in mind that if you buy it now, you are not buying THE starbound. In fact, it may take awhile before you get that. But I can guarantee that you will at least get a taste of it. So, pick it up in a sale. Find a friend who owns it, see if you like it. Or do as I did, and take a chance on a game that, imperfect as it is, still keeps me engrossed. The new update makes the game a million times better. And this is one player who is willing to wait as long as it takes to get the finished product."
,Recommended,211820,25259926,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,ca$h carti,"it only took seven years for a stable game, i would give it a hehe/xd. we need some pvp hunger games. possibly a minecraft collab? i also want my character able to wear supreme., maybe palace. but knowing chucklefish, any little idea is pushing the envolope, but on the contrary, they should be working for nasa.  overall, nice game, too bad im in my late 60's before the game was finally in 1.0. I had dreams as a youngin' that the game would be complete, i barely lived long enough to see it. It was worth it, take my money, chucklefish. this last one is for the playerbase, can i please get a hehe xd spam in the chat. And thank you chucklefish, for taking 15 years to finish a game i could have coded with my toes in one night. Also, the toolbar is total garbage. The tool bar is the epitome of, i can kickflip and show off in front of my friends, so allow me to try to barrell roll backside flip in front of this hot girl to impress her. It doesnt work, you tried too hard when u should have kept it simple. graphics are nice, sadly, my fedora constricts my vision so the top half of the screen is never seen. i would like the ability to mine things, i find it useless that this is just a knockoff version of mario and donkey kong, the world is so vast, why i cant i explore it? its a good time waster while waiting for my crunchyroll subscrition to renew. now, for one last time, can i get a IAN THIS GAME IS OVERRATED Spam in the chat please"
,Recommended,211820,24960643,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Laïdu,"We are space travellers bound to leave our home by some squidy creature.Our names are Shotlouf,a weird mix of russian,turkish and french and Pinku,a japanese pink haired weeaboo.After a travel to another star system that only took us approx 30 seconds because aint nobody got time for that,we eventually proceed to visit our 1st planet.After an encounter with a lonely lady-miner,we decide that,f*ck this,why not colonize the hell out of this peaceful and heavenly place,and bring goddamn capitalism to these savages.Days pass,we gather ressources,make stuff and travel to other planets to ruin in order to Make Colony Great Again.Then,there is this day,in which we discovered the almighty admin command.What best to do with this handy tool than spawn thousands of alarms with red lights and put them all over our claimed planet?Eventually all the colonists left after we repainted the walls with alarm lights saying the the roof would fall upon them.Our planetsized empire quickly fell to its own death,but we'll make it great again,soon.Then we came home and played Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,24512395,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Chamber,"Great game for a good price and, while I know I haven't played as long as some people, Its one of the most fun and addictive games I've played as there semed to be even more things to do and now that its in 1.0 and out of early access,i can play with friends over steam, add mods easily, and enjoy it in a much improved state.10/1010/10 / 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,27561703,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Pernalonga,"That's a game like Terraria. Well... more than Terraria, to be more specific 4 galaxys and 90.000+ more sytems than terraria; 7 breeds more than Terraria; spaceship more than Terraria; PEGUINS more than Terraria; More weapons than Terraria; Boosts  to close than Terraria; Friendship more than Terraria; NPC's more than Terraria (Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ a lot of NPC's); Quests more than Terraria. This games isTHE GAMEto play for many hours, and he's upgrading everytime."
,Recommended,211820,8377324,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,General Shi Gai,"""It's like terraria with space!"" ~IGN"
,Recommended,211820,8628667,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Shards of Onyx,"I've played so many different crafting games, from Minecraft to 7 Days to Die and this game is absolutely the best (maybe tied with Minecraft since I've put so many hours into it, but I still feel this is the best of all).  Honestly, even though this game is only in Beta as of writing this review, it is extremely well developed like Chucklefish's other games, hence the greatness of Terraria and Risk of Rain. Starting off, the game may seem a bit difficult and something to get used to, but the more you play, the more you understand about the controls and the systems in place.Of course, there are still the small blunders here and there, but from exploring the surfaces of different worlds with completely different biomes to using your pickaxe or drill to go as deep as you can and searching the depths for new elements and materials to make your character bigger and badder.  I 100% approve of this game and all of the customization included. I will not spoil anything else for you, but this is one of the best crafting games out there."
76561198140978992,Recommended,211820,25263866,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xenoh,"Exploration. Discovery. Development. All present in this beautiful game. An interesting and exciting central quest thoroughly introduces you to the races and types of planets this game has to offer. This game is what No Man's Sky should have, could have been. The resource gathering in Starbound isn't boring, slow, or overly simplified. You can explore the surface of planets for your ores; or dive into the mantle and discover more than just repetitive cave systems found in similar games such as Minecraft. The crafting system is great as well, and there are a lot of mechanics in this game to explore. From basic armor and weapons crafting, to decoration and storage systems, to advanced wiring of electronic systems to create an epic end-game base, this game has something for everyone. There are tons of unique weapons in Starbound as well; a knome that shoots rainbows, an eyeball that shoots lazers and crystal grenades, and even a lightsaber-katana that can can hurl energy kunai at your enemies! There is something for everyone with this game. It is a combination of exploration, questing, mining, crafting, technical gameplay, and boss farming found in many popular titles all wraped up in a nice little indie game package. I definetly recomend this title for anyone who wants to have a nice, relaxing, single-player experience (Although the multiplayer is definitely a blast too) that takes place in a vast and fully explorable universe with unique life and biome types.Who needs No Man's Sky when Starbound is so much more for 1/4 of the price."
76561198281361754,Recommended,211820,30255068,Posted: 28 February,all,[crumblybutt] ༼ °ｰ° ༽,"Starbound is a fun game, not a rip off of Terraria at all. Worth my $15 and more. Needs improvement on the multiplayer aspect, and the combat gets old after a while, plus it needs some better missions instead of just scanning things for two hours, and also needs savepoints in exceedingly hard missions. But other than that, 11\10:)"
,Recommended,211820,28841041,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SCP-049,Starbound is a game that gave me a challenge but for a youtuber it would make an eggcelent gameplay
76561198158970905,Recommended,211820,20449876,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Mainframe Gamer,"This game is a lot better than most people are saying in the reviews, I personally really like it. You have the different races which are kind of like classes, each with different starting weapons. You then can explore the planet you are at to gain resources to repair your ship to go to other planets and explore those. There are so many systems that you can see on the map, and you can go to any of them provided you have the fuel and an FTL drive. I have only just escaped the first planet and I already like this game. Developers seem dedicated and new updates are really cool."
,Recommended,211820,8912708,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Colour Chap,"This game is amazing! I was blown away, even if it isn't even finished. I have trashed my other steam (not literaly) games and I only play Starbound. If you have the chance BUY THIS GAME!"
76561198067420694,Recommended,211820,26970014,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Megamanzax,"Found a monster that pukes rainbows on a planet that rained lava and fire, captured it and took it back to my underwater lab in a asteroid belt for scientific study.10/10 would almost die for science again"
,Recommended,211820,26900154,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,A-Kuma,Sleepless nights and no connection to the outer world! WORTH IT!
76561198066080530,Recommended,211820,18064820,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Tim,a really fun game like terraria but in space if you have the chance buy it
76561198159552277,Recommended,211820,31101243,Posted: 12 April,all,Jblcrossman,it good
76561198092028549,Recommended,211820,20057635,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Nerd Crusher,good game
,Recommended,211820,20825264,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,cozy_robot,"This game is wonderful. The atmosphere is so delightful, and there's are so many aspects to this game. The soundtrack adds a really whimsical ambiance to the game, and the retro graphics are a gorgeous throwback to the 16 bit snes era. Although you can fight creatures and go on quests and adventures, my favourite part is building... whatever you can imagine you can build."
76561198110051535,Recommended,211820,20883319,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Szeraf,"I haven't invested too much time into this game, but from the few hours that I've played, i can immediately tell you that this game is worth the buy. When people tell me this game is just another rip off of Terreria, I completely disagree. This game has so many aspects and themes to it which make it such a diverse and fun universe to dive into.From the moment I bought this game, I was so eager to start playing it, to run into all new enemies, and to try out new weapons. I felt excited and ready to begin a new adventure.Out of all the things this game brought me, it would have to be the top notch graphics and the role play. I could be whoever I wanted to be in a fantastic, open and exciting universe filled with mysteries to solve. Every decision I made mattered, and opened a doorway to a whole new, fantasy, action packed adventure waiting for me.The storyline was fantastic, and from I got an astounding experience. I was blown away from how much a game could affect me emotionally. I was so attached to my character and other allies which helped me to fulfill my goal in the game.Thank you Mojang, for such a magnificent and heart warming game."
,Recommended,211820,21212209,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Batter,"I highly reccomend this game if you like games like Minecraft and Terraria, a game similar to Terraria where you can build, complete quests, missions, and other things and you can use your starship to travel across a galaxy of unique planets with their own environments, wildlife, and all that stuff it is a brilliant concept and I intend to stay with this game for quite some time."
76561198254393802,Recommended,211820,21120170,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,vortex shadowstalker,slightly annoying thing where it wont load but still an epic gameIT DONT LOAD SOMETIMES
,Recommended,211820,29633634,Posted: 1 February,all,Lief,"Hey, it's pretty gud"
,Recommended,211820,21837699,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ottayy,Iz gud game. Michael can confirm. I know he will read it.
76561198076176736,Recommended,211820,30260326,Posted: 1 March,all,Awesome_Man,"I played this game multiplayer with mods (frackin universe) and had a lot of fun. It's very fun to explore and see new planets, creatures, and loot. I really like the open world approach that lets you choose your own pace without punishing you.However, the base game is a complete mess. There are essential and basic features missing, such as knowing distance, inventory sorting, and basic item stacking. The campaign is boring and repetitive. It consists of ""Go here, scan this. Go there, fight this."" and that's it. Without the help of mods, digging and collecting resources is as tedious and boring as it gets. The amount of upgrades to do basic functions without wasting hours digging several blocks at a time is absurd. By far, the worst thing about this game is the performance. The game locks to 60fps, but you're lucky if you get that most of the time. Some planets bring your fps down to a crippling 7fps, other planets force you to wait for sections to load if you are going too fast. For a 2D game that is unacceptable. I have had times when the game just runs slow for no reason in dense npc areas.I recommend this game ONLY if you play with mods, friends, or love to grind endlessly for the fun of grinding."
,Recommended,211820,10184283,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,itzuma,"Very fun game. If you haven't picked it up, please do!I haven't even done the quests yet or visited the abudance of other planets. I'm already having ten hours worth of fun just building a house, mining, hunting enemies for meat, and connecting all the caves I dug to the basement in my house.I have never really been into sandbox games before, but I've found this to be really addictive. I've always found crafting in other games like to be really confusing, but it's easy to learn in Starbound."
76561198005263246,Recommended,211820,8124798,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,猿 #R,FULL BOOTY BUTT NEKKID ALIEN ACTION XXX
,Recommended,211820,29368603,Posted: 19 January,all,ACTHEG33K,Best Game I can run :)
76561198085352259,Recommended,211820,24480708,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mr. Moen,"EDIT: And so it seems that they added a way to play the game even if you're on an older version of windows 7. This is great, and I will change my reccomandation as I said I would. This game is abselutely amazing, but I feel like so many other people has made a posetive review describing what's so good about this game waaay better than I will ever be able to. So please check out some other reviews if this game seems interesting to you.You can read my original review below.I can't actually LAUNCH my game. Many other people is having the same problem and alot of them are fixing it with reasonable solutions, but my system isn't capable with any of the fixes, so there isn't anything I can do to play the game. This is kinda annoying considering I have waited 3 years now for the full release.I could launch it with no problem before 1.0 I will probably change my recommandation when I'm able to play it.EDIT: so after hours of system reinstallation of steam windows and alot of other small programs I can finally play the game, but I will still not reccomend this game until the developers actually fix the problems that alot of us are having."
76561198096560783,Recommended,211820,26595636,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Black Bear,"I honestly F**king love this game. I bought is way back when it was in it early alpha stages, and played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it. After 80ish hours I bought it for my brother, once he started playing it and we found out how to join eachother we played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it together. So, whith that out of the way, starbound is a 2D sandbox game, like terraria but better in every way. Some of the pros are, a extreamly easy to use multiplayer, you just join though the SHIFT+TAB menu, or the friends list, a infinate universe you can explore, die, and explore some more in. The game has amazing pixel art, and a randomly genrated wepon system much like borderlands. New to the game since realease and the few updates before realease, is a story mode. The story mode is also great, it was realy one and then never again for me, but I liked it the few times I went through it, the main turn on for this game this the infinate universe, with a center you can get to, and a finished multiplayer setup *ahem* *No man's sky*. I actually got to refund No man's sky and I honesly think, even though its 2D, Starbound is a better endless space sandbox game. I have a few screen shots in this game, as I take one once I finnish building anything, and I think they really show off the game expancive building system. The only thing I dislike is the unskippable cutseens, so I got a skip cunseens mod. Oh right, this game also has steam mods, and steam cards, and badges and♥♥♥♥♥♥ I really really like this game, as reflected by my play time in the game, and I own a lot of good games this being one of my favorites. I rate this masterpeice 14 extreamly gross tentacle guns out of 10A few things I want to say, but couldn't find a good segway for:1. You can kill your freinds if you both type in /pvp2. You can become a admin cheater dude with /admin3. Each new person you make keeps it inventory through all worlds and freind games you join, as well as your ship staying the same4. Each character is in the same universe, so if you build a cool town, and want to find it you can just go to the X and Y of the planet5. There are 6 differnt races, Glitch (robot) Apex (monkey man) Avain (bird dude) Floran (plant person) Human (boring old human) and Novakid (people made out of stars)Mods I think you should get:1. The skippable cut seens mod, to avoid sitting for a million years watching cool pixel art go past you2. The faster swords mod, not really needed but I enjoy it3. The matter manipulater tweaks mod, it gives you more control over your matter manipulater4. The mechs mod or the travel pods mod, because flying around a planet is a d*mn sight faster than walking"
76561198204346851,Recommended,211820,24584631,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Puncakenyx,"a very good game its 2D pixel survival game. the game has many choices to survive and really simple and good missions  you can found temples,new monsters new missions, and lots of more! i really suggest you to buy this game right now. There is alot to say that this game is great you can see for yourself if you play the game"
76561197971986620,Recommended,211820,8898098,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,dfurball,"If you like MineCraft and Terraria then the next logical step is Starbound. The classical survival sandbox genre is taken to a new level when the ability to leave the planet becomes an every-day adventure. Explore thousands of worlds with unqiue biomes, creatures, dungeons and weaponary."
76561198041436292,Recommended,211820,31227762,Posted: 18 April,all,13hillmnbvexs37,"Not usually one to write reviews for games but this game ABSOLUTELY deserves a review. This is one of those games I stray from, then go back to and is basically the only game I play anymore aside from a select few. The main game itself is fun, good progression, good weapons, fun missions, great concepts and biomes, star/space travel etc. BUT when you start getting into the mods such as frackin universe, XS Mechs, Statistics, and really start tuning the game to your preferences and intensity it is by far the best game of this format I have ever played ever. So much complexity can be added, or it can be kept simple. I reccomend this to every friend I know who has a computer as the requirements to play is are actually fairly low, it's cheap, and it's simple to pick up and start playing. VERY VERY FUN when you have a group or even just one other friend to play with but really the more the merrier in this case."
76561198058083001,Recommended,211820,16403352,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Greezylunchbox,"A simple, yet addictive and fun game!"
,Recommended,211820,10573780,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,shoichoi,I love this game!
,Recommended,211820,10421993,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,פ o l f,"This game is amazing, although not fully developed is still a load of fun."
76561198068836788,Recommended,211820,9930205,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dancin Goy,never trust birds....
76561198258907010,Recommended,211820,30772577,Posted: 27 March,all,iamanme,"This game is really great, I loved it whole. The only bad thing is the connection. Sometimes when I played with friends they'd open a door and it would open with a couple' a seconds of delay. Overall great game, good for coop."
,Recommended,211820,11757434,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,SurfinRainbow,"EDIT: My old view was negative because i believed the game was no longer being updated. IT IS, and it's awesome."
76561198112845059,Recommended,211820,8495574,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,OfficeDoors,I highly rcommend this game
,Recommended,211820,31052373,Posted: 9 April,all,Xpertkiller™ FTW,The game is fun great controls
,Recommended,211820,10364060,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,gygabits66,"Never ending waves of planets. A nice, adventurous, theme to the game. And awesome developers constantly updating the game will never leave you in boredom. If you ever played Terraria, then you'll love this game."
,Recommended,211820,26868928,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[GRIM]WyvrenZA,One of my all time favourites and all the constant updates makes this game so much fun! And the new updates are awesome especially the ones adding quests.
76561198094618652,Recommended,211820,9090243,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Porkchoppp,"I thought terraria was mind-blowing.... I was mistaken.. Starbound has taken all the good aspects of terraria, thrown it in a martini shaker with a dash of the minecraft storage system and for the hell of it, a slice of interstellar space travel.A modernisation of the retro side scoller, your skills will be tested in such a way you will feel like a kid again. play to your mood, go on a cross galaxy expedition to fight the biggest enemies you can find, or just take it easy and visit some nice planets and harvest materials.If Carl Sagan were here he would play this."
,Recommended,211820,30381778,Posted: 7 March,all,Sicroto,This game is amazing.  ive been playing since enraged koala.  no mans sky can learn alot from STARBOUND
76561198046799841,Recommended,211820,9252613,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Nexgeneration51,great game but its sooooooooooooo glitchy and crashes alot but the game has great potentail and its glitchy because its in beata BUT THE GAME IS SOOOOOOOOOO FUN I LOVE IT just fix the crashes pls i sat in a chair and it crashed and now i cant play :( why buti recomend this game when the BEATA in done
,Recommended,211820,9075296,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ROSSHOLE,Terraria on crack. Great game.
76561198042453125,Recommended,211820,8450678,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,chutzell,fun
,Recommended,211820,7987019,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lovelosshero,"Great game so far, really enoying it. Terraria with no boundaries basically. Oh yeah, it's also in space."
,Recommended,211820,8638882,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,tort,"A truly great game, when you get past the occasional character wipe, the game has so much potential, I played a lot of terraria, and I find this terraria, and more."
76561198042608612,Recommended,211820,8063003,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,🤔Amaxites🤔,Great game if you are looking for an alternate to Terraria or Minecraft
,Recommended,211820,8068423,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,thomw2o0o,"At first, this might just seem like another attempt to copy Terraria. However, once you get beyond the strenuous gathering of wood and cobblestone you will discover this is truly a unique game. It features a huge galaxy filled with (procedurally generated) monsters waiting for you to battle them and a storyline which doesn't keep you from adventuring on your own. 4/5"
,Recommended,211820,8046478,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Joop the dogg,I haven't gone outside in a week.10/10
,Recommended,211820,8047824,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,northbad,Amazing Game 5/5
,Recommended,211820,8048933,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jason GEX,good gamefor me to poop on
76561198116321831,Recommended,211820,8337240,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ardintigh,like a better terraria in space with ships.
76561198025464711,Recommended,211820,8346002,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,da1andonlyyoli,This game is addicting.
76561198055857825,Recommended,211820,8348336,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tips Fedora ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"Beautiful, just BeautifulStarbound is a game like no other, a 2-dimensional, RPG that allows you to visit different planets, join different races, travel across the galaxy, and do tons of other stuff! The music in this game is phenominal, it almost made me cry becasue it was so good. It gives you that sense of adventure, while being very subtle at the same time. Even in beta, this game is beautiful, its smooth, plays well on my Macbook, and the smallest little details in the game make it amazing, If it rains too much it can flood your garden, or if there is too much rain it could get into your house if your door was open, it's those little details that make the game very enjoyable.PLEASE dont overlook this game just becasue it is beta, this game is worth the $15, and you will EASILY get your money out of it! Do yourself a favor, and buy it right now, go ahead, click that green button."
,Recommended,211820,8349876,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ChiBabomb,Amazing 10/10
76561198045544731,Recommended,211820,9513733,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,ItsTehDave,You can be naked in this game 11/10
76561198108044880,Recommended,211820,9514057,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Nitro_Pancake,Theres not too much time for me to explain what this game is so all im gonna say is... survive build mess around with friends die a few times kill monster buy the game
76561198064061301,Recommended,211820,9536502,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Lemon Drop,SPACEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
,Recommended,211820,9554114,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Maximus Renegade Star Soldier,Hello. I recommend this game.
76561198042677899,Recommended,211820,9590651,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,LilTim32,Awesome and addicting
,Recommended,211820,8599425,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Professor Rumplebumpus,Like Earthbound but in space.
76561198117979264,Recommended,211820,8615955,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Metro Boomin,Starbound is an awesome game but its almost impossible to get a LAN server :(
,Recommended,211820,8631934,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ratcone,"If you enjoyed Terraria, you will love Starbound. Starbound breaks the boundaries of your average sandbox mining/survival game by largely eliminating the need to tunnel your way across the map, replacing it instead with incentives to travel to, and explore, the surface of as many of the thousands of planets as possible. You will encounter both friendly and hostile NPCs of various races, whether in villages or dungeons, coordinating the whole adventure from your own personal starship - where you can either set up a makeshift mobile home, or teleport at will to your home planet of choice.The game is currently in beta, meaning that there may still be upcoming wipes, as well as a slew of bugs, but even if it were a finished product, it would be worth the buy. Starbound is a very well-thought-out and well-designed game."
76561198067943088,Recommended,211820,17742752,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Suicide_Crook,i love this game personaly i owned it when it first came out but the one thing one simple thing it needs is steam local co op if people who want to play this with there friends shouldnt have to go through the trouble of sitting and waiting and serching for a way to make a starbound server when i saw the huge colony update at the begining i thought that was what they wer adding i do and im sure so many other people want this to STEAM LOCAL CO OP
,Recommended,211820,30595903,Posted: 18 March,all,Anti-Thot,DANKER THEN MINECRAFT
76561198189001547,Recommended,211820,31026774,Posted: 8 April,all,GeneralGarrus,Nice
76561198079487336,Recommended,211820,8896442,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kool Kat,a very good game hope it gets more updates
,Recommended,211820,8845356,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Expired Coupons,You get to build with your friends and explore all sorts of planets. Sometimes you have to fight aliens like this fleshy♥♥♥♥♥♥shaped one that yells at you.10/10 buy this
,Recommended,211820,8871805,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Ragna-Kun (◣_◢),This Game has American apple pie.15/10
,Recommended,211820,8854102,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Mr Sunshine,IT'S SO FLUFFY!
76561198071824760,Recommended,211820,8867175,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,dadead1601,"Buy this game asap, Ive just hit 20 Hours and there is still 1000 Hr more stuff and things for me to do. If you like Adventures games or anything with space buy this game. Also there letting us Mod it so we can put in custom thing. The final good thing is that it is only in beta and it is prob's the best BETA i've ever played in my life. If you have $15 to spend BUY THIS GAME."
76561198048915263,Recommended,211820,8889744,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Ultamitefulgore,"AWESOMESAUCE 100% buy when complete, still needs more quests and a little bit more linearality/direction."
76561198035353425,Recommended,211820,7999754,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,ProfessorElsaesser,"So much fun. If you liked Terraria, you will love Starbound. My vote for indie game of 2014."
,Recommended,211820,8000244,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,LunarEcklipse,"Well, this game is kind of a strange thing. When it was first announced, it was a mixed debate. Some people were like ""Wow, this is genuinely a great concept"" while others were like ""Oh, another Terraria ripoff."" I was personally excited for it myself, and when it came out, I went to a lot to get shell out the cash (by selling half of my steam and TF2 inventory).Starbound is like Terraria, yes. But it's similarities end early. People say ""ooh a 2D sandbox game"" and instantly say ripoff because someone else did it already. That's like calling Team Fortress 2 a ripoff because someone already did a gory class based FPS a long time ago. That's like calling Dark Souls a ripoff because someone already did a harshly challenging RPG a long time ago. That's like calling even Payday 2 a ripoff because its about commiting crime, a genre that GTA created. They AREN'T the same game. The game plays much different in many ways, such that it isn't even worth listing them all, but here's a nice condensed list of some features that I find pleasing both aesthetically and in gameplay:-Planet goes around in a full circle (you can walk around it)-Several different sets of tier-based armor (You aren't limited to one set like Terraria is with endgame armors and weapons)-Random generated weapons (Terraria doesn't do it as well, these weapons are totally authentic)-Cool dungeons and villages and LOOT (Loot feels way cooler in this cause of how random it is and the scope of the world)-The transition between worlds makes SENSE (It's cool how you can fly around the galaxy)-The modding capability (Terraria isn't really that good at it)-A surprisingly complex combat system (Dual wielding, blocks and parries and counterattacks, so on) where every weapon has different stats and attack patternsI hear a lot of complaints about the developers. I admit they have gotten caught up in the scope of the game and may have lost direction but it isn't a BAD thing. The updates are regular, they're quick to end gamebreakers, they listen to their community, and they do a great job of balancing fun and cool.All in all, drop the dollars for it. Terraria is still a great game and in some ways better, but Starbound has potential to be the game that topples it when it releases in the years to come."
76561198040699799,Recommended,211820,8000693,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,MyBadDay,"Everyone should absolutely buy this game, its like terraria but in space, its more expansive. the only fault is the game is in beta so it has some bugs, has a sort of a slow start and can take a while to get everything down, but this game is definately worth your time and will be a blast to play for hours on end 9/10"
76561198022105801,Recommended,211820,7982018,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,loqoman,"I can see that this game would be a really good game exept on startup it crashes, i would really like this fixed please! havent played one bit"
,Recommended,211820,9636390,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Your Waspling Overlord,"To space and beyond!Build a settlement, warp through time and space, trade with other species, fight off cultists. It's a great space adventure game!"
,Recommended,211820,9667866,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Aswasw123,love this game never gets boring always something to do :D
,Recommended,211820,9612510,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Chillers,This game made me question whether or not to trust cute things.
,Recommended,211820,9859754,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,gosu csgoroll.com,This game is awesome. One of the best I've ever played. To think this is in Beta!10/10
76561198129731310,Recommended,211820,9865660,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,[D3AD]FunkyMonk,Really well built beta im loving it!! its needs a multiplayer option where you dont need a server to play with friends
,Recommended,211820,9630144,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,DeadlyTissues,ABSOLUTELY PHENOMENAL! SO MUCH FUN TO PLAY WITH FRIENDS!!
,Recommended,211820,9624657,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Triensi,"8.75/10I have to say, this is one of the funnest (yes it is a word) games I have played in recent times - more than even GMod!For the people who have played the genre of sandbox games, I like to say that Terraria added upon Minecraft exponentially, and that Starbound adds in the same way on top of Terraria - exponentially."
76561198025663928,Recommended,211820,9822237,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Tenee,Buy it.
,Recommended,211820,9800824,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Saton,"Pure brilliance, ♥♥♥♥ing buy it"
76561198067894505,Recommended,211820,9705869,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Bubby,"This game finally has gotten to 1.0 with an actual story. I havent finished the story itself (yet) Since a friend and I are doing a playthrough together. The diversity of the different items you can find and the things you can do are what makes the game whole. For instance you dont really have to follow the main storyline if you dont want to, you may choose to build settlements or start a farm if you want. The assortment of silly items helps keep the game fun, ide give this game a 9/10 as there is still room to improve, by adding more items, fixing bugs, adding more item tiers, etc."
76561198015114149,Recommended,211820,9737060,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,DanniNightShade,One of the best sandbox games I've played. It's just so much fun to play alone or with as many friends as you can stuff into a server. I absolutely recomend getting this game because it's everything you hope for and much more. Its completely playable even though its only in beta and the fact that its mod compatable makes it that much better.
,Recommended,211820,9682852,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Wired,"This is an abseluetly amazing game! Proceduraly generated, completely open world, make your own story, kill stuff, craft stuff... etc... It's everything I want out of a game! You won't regret getting it!"
76561198067939462,Recommended,211820,9748415,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,xans4hands,"Starbound is actually a really good game despite only being out for a short time and still only being in beta. The really only problem with that is that with every update, it wipes your character saved data. So any progress you make will get erased by the next update. Still this game is very enjoyable and an improvement of Terraria. There is a lot more to do and to explore in this game than Terraria and the future updates will make the game even better than it already is right now."
76561198083810192,Recommended,211820,9750207,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Manthasaurus Sex CSGOatse.com,Really fun!! I cant wait for the next few updates i know they will deliverlots of new and exciting content for us starbounders to play!!!
,Recommended,211820,9750284,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Relativity,Terraria..... but bigger and more fun. also in space
,Recommended,211820,9447902,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,vermilion,This game's soundtrack.10/10.
,Recommended,211820,8824503,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Sttahl,"Very good game, and can't wait until it gets to its full release, and what lies ahead of it.9/10 -Hero Games"
,Recommended,211820,8820401,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,RafLunarWinter,COMPRA ESSA ♥♥♥♥♥ AE
,Recommended,211820,9322910,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,the7boxes,review
,Recommended,211820,9323899,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Potato Shoes,This is a great game! It's hard when you start but gets easier as you go on.
76561198105744476,Recommended,211820,9325545,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Cassanova,"This entire game in a nutshell: A space, 2D Minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,9330926,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,comradebrandon,Awesome. Terraria fans will love this. People who hated Terraria will love this. I can't wait until full release!
,Recommended,211820,9331599,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Binimitty ❦,"Though this game is in beta, It is very stable and has a good Surronding. You make a character and try to survive as you also take on tasks and quests and try to get off of the first planet you land on. Having no fuel, You try and signel for help then wait for that help to come. It is only at random if you get help or if you get an enemy that tries to kill and raid you."
,Recommended,211820,9335643,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,east boast,i sujest play starbond bc/ its a grate experince for u & ur friends
,Recommended,211820,9319405,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ThatRandomGamer*Cuphead*,"I used to have a great social life, and friends, and even an Xbox. Now this is out and I have none of those. Thanks a lot Starbound. 6/5"
76561198069334653,Recommended,211820,8992894,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Davidbfgday,starbound is the funnest game i've played in a long time way better than terraria especialy with mods :D now this is what i call an epic game thums up to the chucklefish team who spent days making it :D
,Recommended,211820,8023671,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kannoli,Starbound is a major change from Terraria; new features EVERYWHERE! It's probably one of my now favorite games to play. Not much of a full review but I would highly recommend this game for a good price of only $15. Was worth every penny.
,Recommended,211820,8024948,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Þ,"You like heroin, don't you? Of course you do. Because a mainer to your vein leads to a center in your head and then you're better off dead because when the smack begins to flow you really won't care anymore."
,Recommended,211820,8025588,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Groot Maple,"A brilliant, visually appealing adventure! I never thought I would enjoy a 2D side-scrolling builder more than Terraria. I was very wrong. This game includes brilliant random-generated places to explore, tons of items to craft, a fun innovative way to gain more resources and loot through space travel. I'm only a few days into Starbound, and I really have to say I am quite hooked. The soundtrack is also beautiful and very well chosen in my opinion. Being in the beta is a great way to grasp hold of the features while they are added, and I reccommend everyone to buy it."
,Recommended,211820,8027790,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Rikimaru Tsuki,"Awesome! but watch out, you'll get addicted."
,Recommended,211820,8028090,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,fatarse77,i would highly recommend this game. Many hours of replay ability A infinite expanse of planets.All around a GREATE game.
76561198080460897,Recommended,211820,8008693,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ShinjiGames,"Amazing game, but be aware. you will get addicted fast."
,Recommended,211820,8040783,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,DIO,"I will skip the comparison to Terraria. It's obvious.The game is really fun and big, although it has a slow start if you land on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ planet.Although all the planets are different, it all comes down to the same thing; find ores and gear, build stuff and move to the next tier. All this is really fun to do though. The enemies are challenging enough, but the bosses could be harder. For most there is a way to easily beat them and I have yet to die to one. The regular enemies seem harder.At this price it's a must buy, I'm excited to see what gets added and it sure makes for a good experience. Building bases has never been cooler."
76561198060544872,Recommended,211820,8043225,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Frogo,THIS GAME IS AMAZING.....thats all you need to know :]
,Recommended,211820,8043574,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,rambobell,Its fun and for being a beta its really really good
76561198028422740,Recommended,211820,8034408,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Sean Spicy,this game is awesome
,Recommended,211820,8036617,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[TGB] Spud,"I really love this game, its great, addicting and even better when you play with friends."
,Recommended,211820,7993973,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,~ Vhanzer,"This is Terraria on crack! So if you like Terraria and you like crack... Hum, I mean, more EPIC'ness then this is definitely a must buy for you. Join the space odyssey that is Starbound and leave your mark on the world! ... Or many worlds actually."
76561198014225467,Recommended,211820,7994925,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Linguini,my neeples got reel hahd
76561198040017473,Recommended,211820,7995232,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Fallout_Bear,Pros-almost infinet amount of planets to choise from around a thousand or more each with there own moons and so on.-tons of gear for early and late game.-amazing amount of customization and diffrent furniture for the roleplayers.-great control figuration.-super fun to play.-not a full on grinde but still has parts.-amazing prebuilt structures.cons-not many settings. (but might change later still in beta)-some bugs here or there (still beta and nothing game breaking)-it does take a lot out of your computer in the terms of ram so make sure you have lots of ram.
76561198271419148,Recommended,211820,25262899,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,dannyseda58,this game is atleast worth 40 dollars not 15 this game has soo much content its amazing and the games super addicting i RECOMMEND THIS
,Recommended,211820,29352211,Posted: 19 January,all,vviYUY,Better then no man's sky atleast :/
76561198206921423,Recommended,211820,29428651,Posted: 22 January,all,Chibi pyro,yes
,Recommended,211820,29431916,Posted: 22 January,all,Ongo Gablogian,TURNS OUT IT'S PRETTY GOOD
,Recommended,211820,25437123,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Foggy Dreamer,"PROS:- Open-ended sandbox gameplay with a focus on exploration- Large amount of building and customization options- Great sprite art and graphics- Wonderful soundtrack- Better execution than No Man's SkyCONS:- Major bugs have not yet been fixed, such as the crew duplication issue- Performance problems when loading busy areas and the pixel printer- Multiplayer has a good chance of breaking your save files- Combat is much too simplistic outside of missions- Could use additional content and progressionDespite the numerous technical issues, I can't help but recommend ""Starbound"" for those looking for a fresh new sandbox game to try out. While it has a number of flaws, I feel that it does reflect that rare spirit of exploration and discovery where many other games fall flat. Just be sure to look up how to backup your save files in case of that inevitable game-breaking bug, crash and/or file corruption..."
76561198073869526,Recommended,211820,27920498,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,nickster1171,"I usually don't review games, but this game definitely deserves a review. I love this game and I like how the developers have added a storyline to make things interesting. I have owned this game since the beta and I have never felt dissapointed when playing as there is always something to do. Whether it be building a new fort, fighting mobs, trading with merchants, exploring caves or just simply playing music on an instrument, there is and endless list of awesome things to do in this great game!"
76561197994030168,Recommended,211820,28156174,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,OdProphet,"Epic game. Absolutely fell in love with it. Had much more game hours somewhere else. Though saving my next session with friends.Lots to do, atmosphere, music.9/10*hoping they will add more to complete the ten with more planet variety, dynamic missions etc"
,Recommended,211820,28036075,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,gay gamer,"it is really fun if you have a friend to play with, it's boring to play alone, but i still give it a like."
76561198078585596,Recommended,211820,24962671,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Mr Fox,Pros:- It's what you play when No Man's Sky looked cool but you need a game with actual depth and gameplay progression- Adorable pixel art- Great crafting mechanicsCons:- Menus are huge- Not enough hotkeys e.g. can't hover mouse over an item and bind it to hotbar with a keystroke- Better on a large screen - laptop gamers may have a hard time.
76561198079423555,Recommended,211820,25044713,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,CaptainSideburns,Guess you could say this game is STELLAR....11/10 still have no friends to play it with
,Recommended,211820,26129065,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,ОСТОРОЖНО Я КРАСИ,No Man's Sky Для быдлаStarbound ДЛя илиты
,Recommended,211820,26078677,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,❤AlphaAmelia❤,good game if i do say so my slef this game makes me so ♥♥♥♥ing wet and if i play with friends i get so turned on like omfg just ♥♥♥♥ ME plz monkeys have good anal sex (in the butt) with there bananas. so plz add ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
76561198140288576,Recommended,211820,26273393,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SmoothieU | gamekit.com,It's pretty fun in the beggining but it can get boring (but you will get intresteded in the game later again)
,Recommended,211820,26192924,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Bismarck csgoroll.com,"I had this game since the Early Access and is truly fantastic. If you have played and enjoyed Terraria then you will enjoy this game, Starbound is much more expansive and is never ending. Modding community is great, they are always searching for ways to improve the game more and more and more. Starbound never ceases to amaze me, through the countless mods and vanilla version this is truly game that everyone should have in their library."
76561198074734121,Recommended,211820,29836540,Posted: 10 February,all,Elugar,Is Gd Much diversity and gameplay stuff
76561198258981210,Recommended,211820,29843944,Posted: 11 February,all,Sans,I love this game I started playing before the update that added the story quests and missions before the whole story thing was added the game was a bit boring because it was almost like terraria
,Recommended,211820,25882848,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nikitamunch,"a great game , i have terraria which they are similar but i love them both, i would recommend this game to anyone it has lovely mods such as new races overall a great game in my opinion"
76561198047513601,Recommended,211820,29895972,Posted: 13 February,all,ChockaMook,"TL;DR: 10/10, would get splattered bya penguin in a UFOagain.Watching this game develop has been awesome, and it's not even done yet! If you've played games like Terraria, you'll know what to expect in terms of movement and combat. Then, add in:Something of a real storyline (though, admittedly, it seems to mainly serve to drive the exploration and upgrading)Instanced missions with some replay valueA basically infinite universe of stars, planets, moons and asteroid beltsA party systemCollectible in-game lore objectsTiered-difficulty for planetsNPC recruitment and colonization systemsAnd those are just features that set it apart from other similar games. The features are very accessible, and the committed playerbase has put together a fairly expansive wiki to explain anything not obvious. Be warned, a large part of this game is exploring, salvaging, building, and collecting. Relative to other games in the genre, it's not repetitive at all, but the whole genre tends to be repetitive compared to other games. Instead of spending hours mining, you'll spend hours searching for that one last piece of a cosmetic set that you like, or one of the end-game weapons that looks cool. If you absolutely hate the whole side-scrolling, block-mining RPG genre, I wouldn't expect this to change your mind, but I would reccomend it to anyone who likes this sort of thing, and anyone with an open mind."
76561198207230769,Recommended,211820,29889990,Posted: 12 February,all,Sans,great game
,Recommended,211820,29788204,Posted: 8 February,all,Sojze,Very entertaining game! Cute and raw! Love it! =)
,Recommended,211820,8598837,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TheGreatGarthsby,"If Terraria and Mass Effect got freaky with it and had a kid, it'd probably end up something like this game. Shame there's no Biotics or Magic, though..."
,Recommended,211820,8599352,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Pickle Rubick,Great game with so much to explore!
,Recommended,211820,31052655,Posted: 9 April,all,Yussra,"Starbound Review by Yussra MTE4/9/2017😎Although I bought it on a halfhearted whim, Starbound has become my favorite game of all time. Every time I consider buying a new game, I think, ""But Chucklefish has already made the perfect game!"" There is an intriguing main storyline that you can choose to follow, but my favorite aspects of the game are…1) Exploring the diverse, beautiful, and ever-expanding universe of planets, each of which is procedurally generated and rich with a unique combination of flora, fauna, and settlements of various races. You will find different biomes making up each planet, both on the surface and in mining its depths, and it is a thrill to explore each one, not to mention cook and pack for a trip beforehand and organize and utilize your loot after you return home.2) Developing creative, thriving colonies using the most easy, enjoyable, and open-ended crafting and building mechanics I've ever encountered.These fantastic game elements give the game endless replayability! The character customization, multiplayer, and combat systems too are wonderfully designed. Finally, I also adore the gorgeous artwork and the heartbreakingly moving soundtrack.Thank you so much for this delightful game, Chucklefish!A few suggestions I have for future updates…1) Expand the social element of the game. I'd love to be able to interact more with my tenants, or have to maintain a reputation bar with each NPC I encounter. It would be a lot of fun to have more options when it comes to social interaction, besides just getting a character to say one thing to you whenever you press a button near them. Even the addition of a few simple social interactions would be much appreciated. It would be cool to be able to choose what sort of tone to take with people, for instance (friendly, aloof, hostile, et cetera). I think that the seed of the social element is already present in the game via personalities, and I even build up stories for my character's interactions with NPCs in my head, so the introduction of some sort of rudimentary socialization system would be totally awesome.2) Improve the farming mechanic. Currently, since the world is displayed from side view rather than top view, growing even a few crops takes up a lot of space, because each plot can only ever be one row wide. I have a simple suggestion for improving this mechanic: introduce an item called the raised bed, which the player can interact with to pull up an interactive top view grid screen of the tilled soil.3) Fix the loss of productivity bug. From crops and animals no longer being harvestable to tenants no longer paying their rent, it feels like every colony I build is on a timer, because they all inevitably stop being productive, and inexplicably, I find myself having to plant new crops, buy new animals, and bring in new tenants. Regardless, Starbound is stunning.4) Cap the ship crew’s ability to improve the ship. If you play the game long enough, your engine will become so fuel-efficient that it can travel from galaxy to galaxy on a drop of fuel! I miss fuel having value in the game. I miss being forced to venture onto a desolate moon and collect crystals while trying not to freak out because a horrifying pink ghost is tailing me! And that’s about it for now. This game rules, and thank you for reading!- Yussra"
76561198092122602,Recommended,211820,9155729,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Raid Messiah,10 MILLION TIMES BETTER THAN TERRARIA
,Recommended,211820,9144084,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Austyn,da
,Recommended,211820,9150650,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ass Is The New Pussy,"This is an over all great game- but with a few drawbacks.-every few times i start up the game, i lose my character and the stuff in it, so i have to start over.-when you start, prepare to die ALOT. npc's are really brutal and many will mercilessly cut you down if possible.- resources are pretty hard to find as well. look around alot while its day.Otherwise, the graphics are terraria like, but with so many different variations and textures, it is completely different. the worlds are majestic and beautiful, and they are very fun to explore.Review- 4/5"
,Recommended,211820,9663533,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,-Nxs,What do i love most about this game? the loading screen has a Penguin and a koala riding a giraffe.
,Recommended,211820,9678976,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,ShiaLaBeouf,Awesome Game !!!!
,Recommended,211820,9671404,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,BUTTERFINGERZz,"If you liked terraria then you will love this! even if you did not enjoy terraria or didnt know about it then still try this out, terraria had a few blank spots, this game fills them and then builds on top of that. In this awesome game that was inspired by terraria, zelda and other adventure games and features including planet traveling, boss battles and and a wide character customisation."
76561198042843942,Recommended,211820,9674354,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,steel,This is an awesome game! you should get it
,Recommended,211820,9066431,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pessi Jong Un,Nice game with friends.
,Recommended,211820,9035236,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,WarriorOfTides,This is pretty fun i enjoy playing it because you get to create a character go to different planets and solar systems enounter all sorts of creatures and basically an endless adventure even though its still in beta it still a fun game
,Recommended,211820,9035393,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,CrabbyTuna,"This game is great but remember, it is early access and still has lots to add. So far I like it much more than Terraria and have about 40 hours in it. Playing about 5 hours a day on average. It is addicting. My favorite thing to do is just exploring the wide veriety of planets and jumping into dungeons once in a while. I do strongly advise playing on a server with lots of people or maybe just your friends because playing alone may get a bit lonely and boring in my opinion. So far, EXCELLENT GAME. I DO RECOMMEND GETTING IT IF YOU ARE DEBATING WHETHER OR NOT TO BUY IT."
,Recommended,211820,8316392,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Toccn,Best game ever... the only thing is that its new and kinda confusing and there are lots of bugs and glitches but still it makes up for it since its an amazing game like terraria but with infinite worlds
76561197978105528,Recommended,211820,8298707,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dajic,Great game can not believe all the details on a game that looks to be so simple
76561198084861873,Recommended,211820,8281542,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,MAAARCHEWKAAA,"I love this game so much! Both singleplayer and multiplayer are always fun to play. People who complain about things, its in beta. Obviously its going to have bugs, character wipes and other things like that. Other than that, its really beautiful and the controls are easy to get a hang of. I'm looking forward for more updates! :D"
,Recommended,211820,8305162,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Puraidou,"Even though it's in the early stages, it's already quite enjoyable and stable to play. I haven't tried multiplayer yet, but the singleplayer is very enjoyable so far. I've yet to find anything that annoys me in gameplay, which is quite rare. Overall this game is already quite a well made game and i expect many good things to follow."
,Recommended,211820,8306452,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Finalcircles,Starbound combines teh fun of terraria and the sci-fi aspects of many a great platformer. I enjoyed this game alot and have fun just digging deep and seeing how far i can go.
76561198001680556,Recommended,211820,8306649,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mikey,"[Initial review]I just bought the game today expecting to have some funNoooope like 8 fps, really laggy and unplayable for me...I have a NVIDIA Geforce GTX 460 graphics card, I've looked up how to fix it by changing settings in the 3D panel and other stuff and it's still laggy as hell :/So I'm apparently going to have to wait untill they fix the lag.[EDIT]Just fixed the problem by ticking on the launcher.exe 'Run as Admin' and it seems to work nicely."
,Recommended,211820,8327693,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lucario,amaizing
,Recommended,211820,8276236,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,heck,totaly its the swaggiest game ever you should yololi buy it
76561198084700895,Recommended,211820,8723226,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Zeneeser,A great game but if you are one of those who doesn't like games coming in one piece at a time wait until the first release (but its already a great game)
76561198087383534,Recommended,211820,8725521,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Cobblestone20,"Amazing! Like Terraria, but with a fresh new style and an awesome universe to explore! Soon enough you'll find yourself planethopping and spelunking with powerful weapons at the ready! Everything seems to be randomly generated, from weapons to foliage - even monsters. But beta is beta, and bugs are scattered across the vast worlds. But the community gets a huge say, with the devs constantly turning popular mods into parts of the game and scouring the forums. Magical experience. Easy to learn system, and heaps of gameplay. It's fantastic. Buy it."
,Recommended,211820,8698382,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Banana,"Only just started playing it but already I am in love with it.  Just like Terraria except with all the Space, quests and NPC you can interact with. You have to buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,8699003,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Ace In The Hole,Addictively fun :)
76561198121169050,Recommended,211820,8718386,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Retenkeen,"love this game, think its so good just as a game thats starting up."
,Recommended,211820,8696974,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Envious,It is a good game but there needs to be more delvopment to the game.
,Recommended,211820,8697098,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Kalslice,is rly good
,Recommended,211820,8710234,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ScienceBillNye,Managed to make me forget about school10/10
,Recommended,211820,8711094,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Quackathulhu,Legit
76561198200520518,Recommended,211820,29287925,Posted: 15 January,all,Ashtoncs,Like for 1 million years of bad luckDislike and youll die tomorrow
,Recommended,211820,29904984,Posted: 13 February,all,[MORBD]DrVeloceraptor,10/10 would play again
,Recommended,211820,27460350,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Donald Trump Emperor of Mankind,"If Terraria and Star Wars had a son, it would be Starbound."
76561198156969418,Recommended,211820,29421335,Posted: 22 January,all,pron_hailan,Its an awsome game that has a lot of interesting mechanics and has a nice charm to it with things like nice little refernces and funny humor. All in all its a very good game that i enjoy too play.
76561198328550169,Recommended,211820,29419107,Posted: 22 January,all,Frank Dux,"To sum upStarboundimmediately, it isTerrariabut more accomadating. Where the old building and killing game would have you do the killing with little to no emphasis on the building,Starboundputs more emphasis on exploration and building while still allowing the player to become stronger and eviscerate enemies faster just as its spiritual predecessor does.Starboundalso ties in its own additions to theTerrariaformula neatly. Mining for stronger materials can also become a trip to excavate fossils. Building a home can (and probably will) turn into building a settlement for villagers which will give you tax money. Searching long for a new biome can lead to discovering an already established village, which will have villagers that can join your ship and aid you on your travels.While its is definitely less of a power-fantasy than its predecessor,Starboundwill let you have fun with or reward you for anything."
76561198055930086,Recommended,211820,29432284,Posted: 22 January,all,Kegare,"I'm not great at writing but i think this game deserves a little love.I've had this game for in my library for months but only recently decided to play it and have clocked 171 playtime hours in just over two weeks (I wish I started sooner!). To be blunt the game is great and has a lot of potential to become even greater through creator updates, dlc or community mods. I can see a bright future for Starbound and as time passes i'm sure there will be a lot of great content added to the game to by either the creators or modders. Fracking Universe is a mod that vastly expands the game (I look foward to trying it when i get bored of the vanilla content) and this is just one example of great things that can be done with Starbound.The game truly belongs to the player and you can twist your experiance into whatever you want hell if you want to cheat your way through the game you can with the only consequence limiting your enjoyment to a few days rather than weeks.With all that said being a seasoned gamer i find it nice to take a break from my console shooters and real time strategy games to play games like this and i'll keep coming back. I find games like this a little therapeutic when not failing to your death in some dark cave, deep underground and having to scramble to get your loot back before it despawns. :)"
76561198253797263,Recommended,211820,29684756,Posted: 3 February,all,RefenceKing,9/10 loved the game
76561198128784263,Recommended,211820,28886333,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,1-800-Dank-Memes,"54 hours of fun and counting, single player experience 9/10, multiplayer single player experience 20/10"
76561198069196424,Recommended,211820,29917752,Posted: 14 February,all,Hominam,Imagine No Man's Sky but it's better and is actually playable mixed with terraria. How could you go wrong?
76561198210262900,Recommended,211820,19493683,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,RukaTheFox,"Starbound is a lot of fun, I would reccomend to fans of Terraria and Minecraft, however it is a standalone game. It can get kind of boring or repetitive in single player, so if you have friends, this game opens up a whole new galaxy of possibility. Love the transport system, and the planet readouts."
,Recommended,211820,19749276,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Lightclaw,"dear creators of the game, make the game in English please, the game is very this game but the quests (for Russian) some not clear, please make a game in Russian, this game has a good idea."
,Not Recommended,211820,18716396,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,kup teraz,"I originally liked this game. ""Hey,"" I said. ""One of Terraria's developers is working on it. Maybe it'll be like Terraria in space!"" I was very wrong. I barely have 30 hours in the game, and I feel like I've done everything there is to do. The mobs all act the same, even if they're procgenned, and the bosses aren't much better. The progression takes ages, and even when you're at the top tier, it doesn't feel like you've completed anything since the mobs just scale up at the exact same rate, meaning the only way to feel like your hits hurt is to go back to the old systems full of junk and weak mobs. It used to be an alright game, back when it was just released, but with the removal of almost all of the survival aspects in favor of a more RPG-like experience, I find myself losing all interest. Sorry."
,Recommended,211820,20919632,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Ocralist,Terraria in space. What could possibly go wrong?
,Recommended,211820,17191143,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,PUSSWHACKAH,The old version kinda pulled my soul out off my butt but now its awesome!
76561198187375758,Recommended,211820,20944676,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Mr Tax Collector,ITS REALLY COOL
76561198127517208,Recommended,211820,22353414,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,ashflame,i find this game amazing because every planet is unique and contains new adventure with new loot with amazing new abilitys like bouncing bullets or a sword that can teleport.
,Recommended,211820,8747050,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Derplord560,"Its not bad, I just think it would need to go back in terms of boss fights to the old times.Its really good but with a few changes it would be great."
,Recommended,211820,27029428,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Kafkaesque Ninja,I've spent over 500 hours game time on this.No regrets.
76561198117648529,Recommended,211820,23280683,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Spiderman,Great Game!!! I love the vast andventure and the HUGE and i mean HUUUUGE open world!!!
76561198093540693,Recommended,211820,27370364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Divine Weapon,"Although this game is not perfect, it has a more things to do than you could possibly ever want to do.Sure there is a fun story to play through, but I am busy charging my tenants for their stay and growing big fluffy space cattle with different elements. Maybe I will save the universe after I explore these five planets. Might take me a while, I just found a bunch of gorillas plotting to overthrow an evil 1984 dictatorship. Good, I am ready to save the universe..... oh wait, this guy over here wants me to find his lost friend..... maybe later.Edit 3/6/2017I gave a review of Terreria, and went in ready to say it was better. However, by the end of it I weighed the facts and said Starbound was better in most aspects. Starbound truly is, but I will not deny Terraria the right to stand in the spotlight below this great game."
76561198063545962,Recommended,211820,31316258,Posted: 23 April,all,biffchicken,"A very in depth game with a ton of things to do and missions and building to build, etc etc etc. Very fun to get into with a friend and journey the unlimited universes and planets of starbound. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,31320680,Posted: 23 April,all,SilverGull,Fascinating game. The best of the games of the same kind. It changed a lot since I had bought it and played the first time. I would like to say many thanks to the developers for constant improving and updating the game.
76561198072422264,Recommended,211820,31315663,Posted: 23 April,all,Ride or Die,"i think i only played for like 10 minutes, its a great game but i had no one to play with and singleplayer really isnt my thing, but if you're playing with someone, its a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton more fun"
76561198340749255,Recommended,211820,31312770,Posted: 22 April,all,andrewdavidlrsn,I love this game! Starbound is a simple game similar to Terraria but it has a touch of mystery and a greater sense of exploration. I reccomend this game to anyone who likes games like Minecraft and Terraria.
76561198326192859,Recommended,211820,31313523,Posted: 22 April,all,The entire population of Canada,LOVE IT
76561198314253460,Recommended,211820,31271739,Posted: 21 April,all,BlayneStorm™,Amazing game with relaxing music. What more could you ask?
76561198336862492,Recommended,211820,31192873,Posted: 16 April,all,neonocelot,"This game is very cool but my planet was spawned without a moon and I have no idea what I should do, so if the company of woulch who made this game or anybody who would be nice and give a chip of help please."
76561198101186124,Recommended,211820,8087382,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,a slimer from gostbust-a-nut,Very fun game some bugs at beggining when making distress beacon and other minnor bugs/glitches but a very fun game its worth the 15$
,Recommended,211820,29791767,Posted: 8 February,all,Quinn,"This game is great, but it's not the same; I have been with it for 4 years, and it has changed. It isn't worse per say, but it has changed in away that does not make it like it was. Would I recommend this? It is hard to say since I have a differing opinion than most, but for new people I would say it is a great game. Let's go over what is good and bad and give it a score.ProsConsSame great atmosphere and more or less content.Has cutscenes now.Now supports mods.Mods can make multiplayer impossible.The soundtrack ROCKS.Plot holes make it odd; such as How did your ship get to where it is, and suddenly break.Has a near infinite universe.Multiplayer is confusing to setup at first.Gameplay after main storySo much character customization and multiple fun races to choose from.Multiplayer is quite fun.The cons were mainly me griping at the little annoying post-beta things, but all in all this game deserves a 90-98% All in all it is a charming fun game that everyone should check out."
76561198163378062,Recommended,211820,31323635,Posted: 23 April,all,why hello there,You can be a fish.
,Recommended,211820,8784707,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,RedMatterFTW,"I reccomend this game becuase of it's vast exploration and prety much infinite galaxies. there is already so much to do and it took me weeks to build up with a friend. if you like games like terraria then you will love this. i used to play terraria alot but then a game newer with more to do and stuff came out and i was saying, yes. i need to get this. and i reccomend you do the same $15 well spent for you and your friends to enjoy."
76561197982696214,Recommended,211820,8601109,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,sinstarr667,I love the direction of this game so pretty please do something awesome with all the money that is pouring in...pretty please.PS. Pretty much do a bunch more of what you have already done:)
,Recommended,211820,8038881,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,damanfoo,Yes...
76561198020222748,Recommended,211820,28501724,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,*DEAD*  Level 64 Classless,AMAZING
,Recommended,211820,8976250,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,I won the cup,"An all around fantastic game!Handles very similar to Terraria, but this game already shows more potential and has more content than Terraria.You can play single player mode or hop on a server and adventure/build with friends.I highly recommend this game for anyone. Casual and hardcore gamers alike.9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8998258,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,CuttsAndBruises,"Have you ever thought that you might some day slip the surly bonds of gravity; to escape your native planet and find your home among the moons and asteroids? Then this game is for you.Begin your adventure by choosing one of the varied, unique and colorful races that inhabit the universe and find yourself lost in the sea of stars, a voyager with no destination and no return address. Whether you're a robot knight, a shark-man or one of the cannibalism practicing flower folk  you can find your place in the far reaches of space with little more than a pick and an axe; establishing colonies and expanding your people's technological understanding all the while.Explore, but beware the dangers of the universe: the expansive vacuum, the cold, the monsterous, and the ever present threat of starvation. Bring friends or play alone, but keep your eye on the clock - it's very easy to find yourself coring out a planet or building a structure and losing track of all time."
,Recommended,211820,9012280,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,PublicWifi,Coolest game i have played in a long time
76561198059474318,Recommended,211820,8967640,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,DeadLock,"A very creative and potentous game, woth every penny (and maybe a lttle more;)."
76561197967618179,Recommended,211820,9026157,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,EnragedYouth85,"Just got this game today, it is super addicting! I recommend it if you like Terria at all. Tear down stuff, build stuff, farm for ores and minerals, find treasure, make items and furniture. This game has it all and its only in beta!"
76561198119497137,Recommended,211820,9026563,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mike Wazowski,"This game, let me say it, is a masterpiece. It may be in early development, but it has felt like a full game since launch. Starbound takes everything you love about Terraria and sandbox RPG's and makes it into something amazing. Firstly, the races. Oh the races, how pointlessly perfect you are! I find some of them humorous, (the Glitch race, and choosing their gender with utility pluggins XD I'm a nerd). Not only are they humorous, but they also have their own traditions and style (the Apex with their love of science, or the Hytotl with an oriental feeling). Each race has their own story, and it is very interesting to watch them unfold. Next, the bosses, the dungeons, the EVERYTHING, the vastness of this game is unreal. Found a planet you like? Better write down those co-ordinates if you decide to travel to another system, because chances are you will never find that same system AGAIN. But once again, this is probobly the best looking, best soundtrack (I have cried listening to it), and pretty much the best 2D sandbox sidescroller EVER created. Casual gamer, pro gamer, you would be an IDIOT to not get this game."
,Recommended,211820,9074592,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,bowrounds,Awesome Game! Completely love the idea and layout of this game.Its severly addictiong and worth every penny of the price!
76561198065587924,Recommended,211820,9075081,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,HalfwaySquid,"This game is amazing, take for instance, if 100 billion people played this, for over 100 thousand years, they still wouldnt get bored of its amazing crafting, exploring and building perfection... and its still in beta."
,Recommended,211820,9075247,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,The ANTS,Destroyed village while naked10/10
76561198080984263,Recommended,211820,9076180,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Kek'd 屁股乱搞,This game is AMAZING. If you like terraria you will love this.
76561198168148086,Recommended,211820,26055812,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Cheap Cactus,Very fun and hard at the same time! I love it keep up the good work!
,Recommended,211820,25911231,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,04darkwarrior,BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,211820,25976540,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Blu Wizard,It is better than No man's sky
,Recommended,211820,25964004,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ljenk41,"as i am writing this i have 10 hours of experience and i got the game a day ago i would recommend this game to RPG lovers.the game has a mix of quests, building, fighting and exploring at the end of the day i would give it 9.1/10."
76561198280971659,Recommended,211820,26028081,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,stickersandspliffs,Only game I play atm. Haven't been this hooked on anything since years. This game and it's megamod FrackinUniverse (HIGHLY recommended) are just overflowing with content and different possibilities of gameplay. I get bored with games very easy but this one has me coming back every 20 minutes after I shut it down. There is just so much to do!
,Recommended,211820,29903774,Posted: 13 February,all,Lighno,Bought it when it was on early access and I really enjoy the game so far. Also it has some great mods that gives you way more stuff to do and add much more reasons to play
,Recommended,211820,29683659,Posted: 3 February,all,Rossbot,"I absolutely love this game. Terraria + Space Exploration + Progression + Farming + Randomized Weapons + Random Bosses = Starbound. The Developers are active, the community is active, and there are plenty of mods if you ever think you're bored."
76561198311663524,Recommended,211820,29278237,Posted: 15 January,all,TheLittleThomas,it is amazing and really really fun!
76561198139414928,Recommended,211820,29390299,Posted: 20 January,all,AnEnticingSquid,Just found out you can travel to other planets...
76561198128696531,Recommended,211820,29999002,Posted: 17 February,all,Derek,sweet
,Recommended,211820,9635038,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Stavland,"Starbound is fantastic. I bought this game in 2014, I think, when the game was very different. It was still a very good game, but the devs seemed to not care about the game, and I started losing hope. Then they released a new update, and I thought the game was fantastic and played it like 50 hours. That's how this game works, I think. The devs spend a long time making updates, then release a huge update. It's absolutely awesome, now! So different when I started playing it. I'd highly recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,26018785,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Legs,"I recommend this game if:- You are fond of character creation- You like a universe with a somewhat diverse set of races (most of which, you can play as and customize.)- You're about the builders life, and aren't shy of resource farming.- You enjoy being rewarded with varied loot, after exploring ridiculous depths- You miss the old Worms: Ninja Rope.- Basic space travel excites you.- Weapons- You like the idea of Pokemon in space, without actual Pokemon.It's £11.99 for the current version, it's a huge upgrade to what it used to be, 'n it cost £20 back then.If you've got 12 quid laying about, and you're about the space life, maybe you'll have a good time.I feel it's more enjoyable with 1 or 2 people.It can be enjoyed solo however -- there is progression outside of ""Dig; Farm; Build"".The new story quests are nothing groundbreaking, but they are quite eventful."
76561198150860688,Recommended,211820,26022224,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,mranderson1138,"While Starbound has seen many ups and downs and sweeping changes since Early Access, I would definitely recommend it to those who are unsure nonetheless. As you can see from my hours, I for one have certainly received $15.00 worth of play time, almost to the point where somemone should probably send help. Starbound excels particularly well in the building/colony system and the soundtrack, both of which are easy to lose oneself in. The pixel art is some of the best in any game of its type which makes the ingame environments better for it. These environments contribute greatly to Starbound's exploration value. In addition, the collection aspect of the game is a great way to waste time. However, the game suffers in the area of combat, which gets bland, especially later in the game, and the story is underwhelming, but good for a sandbox game, which shouldn't rely on its plot. Finally, the addition of custom-made creatures to the game and the reduction and lowering of complexity of the procedurally generated ones can contribute to a feeling of repetitiveness and boredome. All, in all, however, Starbound still has lots of potential, with the devs planning to keep releasing updates far into the future, and the many systems of the game, while they may not be perfect, certainly work quite effectively together. Would definitely recommend."
76561198330657210,Recommended,211820,26101588,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,glixpatate,very nice game
76561198241110628,Recommended,211820,31182360,Posted: 16 April,all,pilf,10/10
76561198303752026,Recommended,211820,31184983,Posted: 16 April,all,nodeint.rp.0,"At first glimpse, Starbound may seem like a Terraria wannabe. But after playing a bit, you will soon realize that it is much more than that.Pros:+A near infinite number of planets, each completely randomized+Character customization w/ many different races, all with their own dialouge and ships+Workshop support+Very smooth transitions between different tiers of items+A huge number of side quests, randomized in planetary settlements+Many moreCons:-THE F#$%ING SCAN QUESTS!!-Starting out is a little difficult on your first character-Grinding for resources is sometimes a botherOverall, Starbound seems like a good sucessor to the 2011 game we all know and love, building up from what Terraria started. I highly recommmend this game for anyone who enjoys exploring in games, and sandbox games in general."
,Recommended,211820,30157190,Posted: 24 February,all,NightyWulf :^)-●,"I feel skittish about reviewing this as I only have 13 hours, not even reaching the 'hour for dollar motto' and for any game really, it is not a lot of time to me, so every edit will coincide with everytime I continue playing, placed into the writing that seems appropiate.Starbound, by Chucklefish,edit: publishers of Stardew Valley, another astounding game, (which by the way, I love their logo intro, so cute~), is a wonderful space-version of Terarria. Pixel-art is their forte, and they certainly did the art as well as SV. I'd compare it much more to a 2D version of Minecraft, as the worlds of Starbound (SB) could substitute as biomes/whole different seeds with MC. It may have been there intention as well, who knows. The tutorial is substantial enough, although the dual-wield thing confused me at times, as in most games I've played, you can't. I can easily tell once you master it, it's EXTREMELY useful though. I don't really have much to go on.♥♥♥♥ my 13 hours.Thanks fo' reading.Edit Log-added 'makers of Stardew Valley, another astounding game'changed 'publishers' from 'makers'"
76561198057826708,Recommended,211820,30180671,Posted: 25 February,all,ChaoX,"Seems like there is a lot of hate rising for this game and its sad too. Yes they did indeed remove lots of features since when it was in alpha state but they are adding the removed stuff again slowly. Starbound always was kinda slow at updating however whenever an update came, it made the game fresh and added lots of new features and stuff to play with. For me its a great game with amazing visuals and gameplay. Its pretty unique. If you want to compare it to terraria however dont get this it isnt for you"
,Recommended,211820,9781061,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,weirdpie,it is a good game but the bugs and it being in early access it isn't at its full potential
76561198042025165,Recommended,211820,8239021,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,(set-register-contents t 'n 5),I lyk eet ah lawt.
,Recommended,211820,8241567,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Freddy Risotto,is rly gud
,Recommended,211820,8242562,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Prefectus Chernobyl,Better than Terraria!
,Recommended,211820,8662654,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Squid,"Great sandbox game, the fun never ends. Because of squids."
,Recommended,211820,8688331,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Pookie Pro Wine Taster,"Look like Terraria, but better!"
76561198041951562,Recommended,211820,8711796,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,TwoFaceTony,A must buy to anyone who cares anything about space and/or space cores anywhere and everywhere at any/every time ever forever.
,Recommended,211820,8673776,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Wally,Boring after hype.
,Recommended,211820,8680546,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Venturio,Awesome game recommended!
76561198045194002,Recommended,211820,8683350,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,EchoesFallout,"Starbound is a great sandbox game. If you like Minecraft or Terraria, this game is definitely a must buy. Though it's still in beta, it's a lot of fun, and with future updates Starbound can only get better."
,Recommended,211820,9159513,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,eoi,"WHat make this game so amazing is.......is.....EVERYTHING! Get it right now, jut stop reading this and go buy it right now. Go. Cya. Just buy it, I don't care if you can't, just buy it."
76561198038605153,Recommended,211820,9161689,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,BooShot The Spooky Changeling,The hunting knife is bigger than you are.10/10
76561198009186946,Recommended,211820,9183026,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Call me Daddy,"This game is that great that i am writing a reveiw for it!It is the first game i have felt fully immersed in...buy it..simply, buy it.xoxops: 10"
76561198056416243,Recommended,211820,27985750,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Zom-B-Bunny,Great Game. Traveling through space and the mods are great. really hard to settle down though in one spot
76561198039184164,Recommended,211820,26983760,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Angra Mainyu,10/10I lost a lot of my life to this game and i don't regret it!
,Recommended,211820,27869160,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ilikebunnies,So much fun while playing with your friends. *-*~
76561198054700959,Recommended,211820,28878142,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[Komrade] Huivn,"With Starbound I got exactly what I expected and more.All I really knew about the game was that it was more or less Terraria in space, and that's what I got for the most part. What I got on top of that was an interesting story and a decent backstory to the universe. (Nothing amazing, mind, but it's more than servicable imo)All in all, I don't regret buying this in the least."
,Recommended,211820,28922719,Posted: 1 January,all,Trebolt,"Man oh man, this game is great. I first started playing when the game went into early access in late 2013, and it's amazing to see just how far the game has evolved over time.There's an absolutely astounding amount of content, especially if you're into exploration and creation. While the combat is fairly basic, there are a surprising variety amongst the randomly generated weapons, with each type having their own special abilities (such as a rising slash for a sword or a grenade launcher on a shotgun).  If you're into games like Terraria, this is probably right up your alley. Even if you're not, I would wholeheartedly suggest this.Oh yeah, and the soundtrack is god-tier on its own. Every track is super atmospheric and could easily pass as music in a AAA game. Seriously, buy that too."
76561198049087311,Recommended,211820,29805893,Posted: 9 February,all,Huliwillie,Really fun and satisfying! You have to atleast try it.
,Recommended,211820,29861737,Posted: 11 February,all,Good Luck,Addicting af
,Recommended,211820,27602808,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,John Aqua,"As you can see I have spent a lot of time playing this, I'll always come back to this when I'm feeling bored or whatever, it's fun and has a lot of content to explore, even more with modding capability being here for who knows how long, I've been a fan of this game since it was in beta, I hope you'll be having fun in the future too."
76561198019085120,Recommended,211820,26206571,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Mohamed Mohamed,"A truly fun game With a nice story that holds everything up nicely plus with the story there are missions that add even more fun however it slowly became dry.The generated biomes,villages,npcs and mobs start to be repetitive thankfully Starbound supports mods that allow for different experiences such as Fracking universe that adds many more biomes,crafting recipes,dungeons and even some more missions.One thing i dislike about starbound is death when you die you lose everything except tools and weapons so when you die it's a rush to get you items back and if you die in a cave well i hope you enjoy running past mob is a mad dash to get those ores."
76561198079443868,Recommended,211820,26223120,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Carol,AWESOME GAME ITS AWESOME!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,27471819,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,V̵̝̎e̷̯͋l̷̦̓t̷̡̅o̵x,"Awesome game, good gameplay, feels good Im definally going to play it more, so u earned a nominate from me!"
,Recommended,211820,14384839,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Aekross1,One of the best games i've ever played.It has got aspects of minecraft terraria and more awesome games.
,Recommended,211820,8122335,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Zydeco Joe,"Fantastic and addicting game, especially considering it's early-stage beta.  The frequent feature updates lend an air of excitement, too, like the gift that keeps on giving."
76561197978757568,Recommended,211820,8184409,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,dacon333,"Great game, if you like Terraria you will like this game. At the moment the beta shows. Some features are lacking, and some more advanced features arnt their yet. But over all a fun game. Tons of possabilities and the potential to be a trully great game."
,Recommended,211820,9356596,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Feej,Awesome.needs custom ships too but still 5/5
76561198186984387,Recommended,211820,18282225,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,mr jtw,starbound is so fun vary fun its fun becase yore friend can live on the planet and you can live on the planets moon so i do recommend this game
,Recommended,211820,9071443,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mndsbro | Inactive,"I love this game, it is very different and a one of a kind. Whenever you maker a character, you are put onto a random planet. And no matter how hard you try, your characters will never be on the same planet at startup. a couple of problem with the game though. the combat, not only is it clunky. It is just very boring to fight the same enemies, with the same attacks (this will change because after all...its a beta) and after you reach sector X the game is bassically over, you need to mine a couple of ores and make a few upgrades and then BAM! 4000 damage weapon and 5000 health and energy. All in all it is a great game and I say BUY IT NOW!!! :DEdit: with the most recent update, things have changed, A LOT. Combat has improved drastically, sectors to my knowledge are no longer a thing, and the game has seen an increase in diffuculty, I have added 30 or so hours to the game this past week and I can honestly say that the devs are going the right way with this, keep it guys! I look forward to future updates"
76561198337378756,Recommended,211820,29959520,Posted: 16 February,all,TomasOfTime,"Oh this is such a brilliant game... Of those Terraria fans, I previously thought that was the best game ever but this is something else!.. It must have taken WAY longer the create and I thought Terraria must have taken long. The graphics are brilliant and so are the controls. The story line is EPIC and all the functions from jumping into hyper space in your ship to speeding a Cross deserts in your hover bike,  from capturing the most strange enemies to finding hidden civilizations on alien planets, this game just totally rocks and I can't get enough of it! I like all the different things underground cos I'm a miner and the only negative thing in going to say is the 1st and 2nd missions are incredibly hard compared to the rest and make cotton more common please."
,Recommended,211820,19645211,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,二千十七年十月五日,yea
76561198241546598,Recommended,211820,31099193,Posted: 12 April,all,Aber Kaaarl ich bin Paul,"Ich finde Starbound ist ein sehr schönes Spiel. Es gibt einiges zu Erkunden und Entdecken, zudem sind viele Planeten vorhanden, die alle zufällig generiert wurden, was anhaltenden Spielspaß verspricht.English: (Sorry if there are any translation mistakes i'm still learning it at school)I think Starbound is a very nice game. There are many things to explore and discover. There are many planets, that are all randomly generated, which means you have fun over many hours."
76561198062674686,Recommended,211820,18413846,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Jakers,FOUND ME SOME FLORAN CLUES
,Recommended,211820,19508809,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Liav3n,"One of my favourite games!!!Lovely CommunityLIMITLESS planetsRealistic game mechanicsEach planet has it's own day-length, size/diameter, gravity and weatherDifferent Races each with it's own backstory, culture and loreIt's hard for me to find anything wrong with this game... ^-^"
,Recommended,211820,19541806,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Evo!,"You Wont Regret ItThis game has a mystical feel you will only get while playing this game. It isolates you in a Sci-Fi feel exclusive to this game. You may feel alone, but you arn't. Thats what i love. Other than that, there are hundreds of play styles to endorse. You could prefer to camp in one planet, build there and survive. You might want to travel hundreds of planets looking for loot. You could even just lie in the OutPost and have fun with your friends and do quests.Infinite Possibilities for an Infinite World. Its only 15 dollars. Unless you hate pixel graphics, buy it."
,Recommended,211820,19557003,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,A Normal Ass Almond,"OK....so,a few months ago i thought this game was abondend...i was wrong...the devs got back, and they are releasingawesome uptates really quick! was not sure about this game, but now i love it :)YOU GET A POSSITIVE REVIEW!"
76561198233594884,Recommended,211820,19185837,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Twilight Zone,"My kids think this one is really awesome, and they highly recommend it.  It has a great sandbox story, to which you can build and try advancing to the next story plot, etc"
,Recommended,211820,25064028,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,D.W Hank Hill,"This game. Just this game. I certainly love it, As you can see by my hours and they keep going. I know some people complain about the many ""resets"" or ""revamps"" of the game, but I personally think they have just gotten better.What I like:The look, Now some people may not like the look of the game, But i love it. I enjoy the beautiful space look.The questing and survival, The bosses are great, They look great, The AI is just amazing. The randomly generated monsters and dungeons are great. The survival aspect like the new hunger effects make my life a bit harder, but also fun.Collecting: The fossils you can collect are really fun, the figurenes and other items you can collect.What I Dont like:Not enough quests. I understand villagers give quests, But its the same stuff. ""Bring this to me"" or ""Find my friend"" I think the outpost should have quests like it use too, beside the tech and penguin ones.The cost of upgrading your ship. I think 10k, 20k, 30k, 40k, are fine. But then it jumps to 80k? What? Then 150k? The heck? Just no. Its simply annoying, Even top teir thats hard to get.Other then this i cant think of any complaints, but if you're looking for an amazing and fun game. If you're deciding to buy it I surely think you should. I would gladly buy it even if it was more, Its a great price for such a fun game. I love the look, and many other things about this. Thank the devs."
76561198127181412,Recommended,211820,9728774,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,DJMAN2021,Just buy it
,Recommended,211820,18127759,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,The Vodka Sniper,"A really fun game you can sink hours into easily!, the startup is a bit rouch but hey this game is still in development so that'll get better. Just set yourself a goal like get to the next level of weapons/armor or build yourself something awesome. There are plenty of things to do from mining, a handful of quests from npc's, building mega-structures or just simpily exploring too see what the hell you find under the next rock! I highly recomend this game to any of my no-life gamer friends due to the immersion that it sucks you into for hours of fun!"
76561198138977970,Recommended,211820,18110379,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Zaddy,This game may not have alot of players but this game is really great. 10/10 would lose all my pizels again
,Recommended,211820,18101323,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Graphical Error,"Before I get started, let me say that this game is not complete. In fact, it's nowhere close to complete. But even still, I've sunk a large amount of time into this game. While the game is certainly in a rather skeletal state, it's still a very solid and enjoyable skeleton...Okay, perhaps I'm not great with this sort of thing but the point I'm trying to make is that even though this game is rather early in development, I still find it it be very enjoyable. While it's current state may be somewhat alienating (I'm so sorry for that), to those who can get past it, I think you'll find a addictive experience that's bound to grow on you. Wow, I'm not even trying to make these puns. Whoops..."
,Recommended,211820,17226516,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Mantismo,Was harder (better) before Winterupdate.Now on my opinion the first Boss is the hardest.It still can be a fun game i guess.7/10
,Recommended,211820,17742368,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Austin,This game got me pregnant
76561198151478598,Recommended,211820,17913416,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Pretty Fly For A Hi-Fi Wise Guy,Played for a few minutes. It was okay.
,Recommended,211820,17871857,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Stiff Pretzel,10/10 music and combat. Big universe to explore. Very high replay value.
,Recommended,211820,17108810,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,TheSmallPotato,very good game! Basically Terraria in space!
,Not Recommended,211820,17208194,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Captain Frankincense,I cant say anything better than thishttp://chucklefish.wikia.com/wiki/The_timeline_of_Chucklefish%27s_false_promises_and_liesI dont condone the funding of liars who promised a release in 2012 (including fake screenshots made too look like in game engine with more content than they even have now)
,Recommended,211820,19911128,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,pjshillingford,"This is the best game i've ever played.first off, the music. I could listen to it for hours and not even play the game.the gameplay, so balanced, so much fun. you could mess around for hours.then comes the game. If you liked any of these games:TerrariaMinecraftFTLMario bros.Then this is the game for you.BUY IT :D"
76561198057530418,Recommended,211820,8155179,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Trihammer (Monk),"It has its glitches but still very enjoyable and you basically have fun doin very little. If you just wanna dig and gather minerals, still keeps you goin. Also online play is a little screwy but that might just be on me."
76561198133837046,Recommended,211820,28701224,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jdzzdj,*Steals pretty furniture from Floran base**Florans get salty**Gets killed by an army of 15 Florans carrying guns*Gr8 game
76561198130505513,Recommended,211820,26086407,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Butt Plug,Love it
,Recommended,211820,31249314,Posted: 19 April,all,Daт Pear,"This game is a must, totally worth every penny."
,Recommended,211820,7982149,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Goose,just... bloody great.
,Recommended,211820,8545843,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Brainfeeder,The kind of game you'd take home to mother.
,Recommended,211820,10202264,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,MdinG,This game is like Terraria and sometimes Mass Effect
,Recommended,211820,31128824,Posted: 13 April,all,miknop™,-compiled copious amounts of items-died-retrieved items-died again-retrieved items 3rd times-fell into the core of the planet-quit10/10 fun
76561198168271691,Recommended,211820,28747040,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Giovan1232,"Cool Games with tons off planet and galaxy,and it has a lot of bosses too"
,Recommended,211820,28761692,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Panda,"AddicitingThis game is like a alienish version of terarria with lots of quest to complete planets to explore.It's got a cute design and an almost endless seemingly gameplay, which is even more fun in multiplayer."
76561197994241825,Recommended,211820,29014389,Posted: 4 January,all,Maximus,"I can't stop playing this game, best IMO since minecraft. 10/10, awesome game, would recommend to any level of gamer."
,Recommended,211820,29075743,Posted: 6 January,all,Boujuan,Never ceases to impress me this game. Great to play with friends. New features added continuously.
,Recommended,211820,29040543,Posted: 5 January,all,seamsungg,"Way better than Terraria in my opinon. Starbound has more to offer, more adventure and more places to explore. Starbound also has small features I love like noises and music being muffled when you go underwater is beautiful. The little animations your character does I enjoy. When you have a flashlight it shines perfectly giving shadows where there would be. I keep having this continous problem where for no reason my character disappears (both in Terraria and Starbound) But Starbound keeps backup files of your characters, so I thankfully didn't loose everything I gained. Terraria on the other hand, still not sure how to get my characters and world back in one peace...."
76561198202116536,Recommended,211820,28523049,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Arnold Palmer,"It may not look like I play it all that much, but on the unstable release I have over 30 hours so take my word when I say this game is definatley worth it. It might get boring after a while but thats what multiplayer is for. The missions are kind of repetitive but nonetheless, you have an entire universe to shape and explore. The mod support just makes that whole experience like 7 times better."
,Recommended,211820,28523116,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,FT Johnson,This game tilts me more than a pinball machine in the 1970'sBut I've enjoyed it since beta. It has a strange magic about it that calls to some people that make them enjoy the game even if they rage. You might not be one of those kind of people but if you happen to be a masochist but not into darksouls and like survival/exploration games with the aspect of a platformer in space then invest money with this game.
,Recommended,211820,28721704,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Scorpion,Amazing !
,Recommended,211820,28772282,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Tekken,Very well made. Multiplayer works perfect.
76561198139508816,Recommended,211820,26028203,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Sorry,The game is awesome!!! You guys should have to continue tha campaign.
76561198260498796,Recommended,211820,29260084,Posted: 14 January,all,sombrero lord (Robert),cool yes
,Recommended,211820,29265499,Posted: 14 January,all,Vandurr,"It's been a while since I've been so immersed in a game, definitely reccomend to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,29470451,Posted: 24 January,all,Tranquil Cactus,"Like laid back fun adventure games? Want to sit back and relax and ignore your multidimential world for that of a simpler two dimential one? Then this game is for you!Pros: Adorably set up 2d format, fun, not overwhelming and perfect for relaxing.Fun crafting with huge opportunities to upgrade your equipment in game.A story line giving it more contuinity than minecraft, but it's loose enoughthat you can choose to ignore it and do your own thing for hours!Cons: You may suffer withdraw."
,Recommended,211820,24514727,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Dodeca,"This game is a gem.  I bought it back in Christmas of 2014 and have not regretted the purchase since.  Its strange how it evolved over the years.  Most games you buy in Early Access do not make such great changes in gameplay as Starbound has.  It feels like an entirely different game, but at the same time, not at all.  The feeling of exploration in traversing planets and finding ""the one"" and homesteading on it is unmatched by every other game out there.However, this game is not optimized well, so keep your pc in mind when making a decision."
76561198187726571,Recommended,211820,24506175,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Endershot355,Great game ever since it came out of early access. Only issue; it is relativly short considering the storyline.
76561198105374686,Recommended,211820,24463683,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,A Piece Of String,I have been following this game for its entire development and from the day i got this game i have wanted to see what it would become. Today i can say with confidence that this is and will be my favorite game for all of time.  Theres an amazing story behind starbound that came with 1.0 and an amazing mix of sandbox and progression.  not many games have instruments where you can download .abc songs and play them on 16 different sounding instruments.  with all the new weapons and abilities they added i fell like i can loot planets for an eternity.  sure there are some things i miss about the old starbound and the way it worked but i would gladly let that go for what this game is now.  Never have i had a game that immersed me as much as starbound does.  i will always lose myself to this game
76561197968151711,Recommended,211820,24465174,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Pan!c,its ok
,Recommended,211820,24465526,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,jakempskis,This game is amazing! with 430 hours into this game before 1.0 i can say fully that this is worth the money spent and more.  A great game to play with friends and alone. Highly recommend it to anyone and everyone.
,Recommended,211820,25390941,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,switch,"Very good game.Seems to be a popular genre going around that I am into.I like digging, mining and exploration.This game has that but also alot of quests like an RPG.I was suprised RPG wasn't one of the main tags for this game.Other similar games may want to check out;-Terraria-Junk Jack-Dig or Die"
,Recommended,211820,32351582,Posted: 11 June,all,Bandit,Personally I love this game. So much exploring and creativity can go into this game. So far this is my most played game on steam. The music and the ambience of the stars and space make you feel great in some weird way. I love the new update and the way you can create and design your own space station.  Overall the game is worth the amount of money you put into it.
,Recommended,211820,29815333,Posted: 9 February,all,ＦＥＥＬＩＮ' ＦＩＮＥ,"The Battle of Midway was a decisive naval battle in the Pacific Theater of World War II.[6][7][8] Between 4 and 7 June 1942, only six months after Japan's attack on Pearl Harbor and one month after the Battle of the Coral Sea, the United States Navy under Admirals Chester Nimitz, Frank Jack Fletcher, and Raymond A. Spruance decisively defeated an attacking fleet of the Imperial Japanese Navy under Admirals Isoroku Yamamoto, Chuichi Nagumo, and Nobutake Kondo near Midway Atoll, inflicting devastating damage on the Japanese fleet that proved irreparable. Military historian John Keegan called it ""the most stunning and decisive blow in the history of naval warfare.""[9]The Japanese operation, like the earlier attack on Pearl Harbor, sought to eliminate the United States as a strategic power in the Pacific, thereby giving Japan a free hand in establishing its Greater East Asia Co-Prosperity Sphere. The Japanese hoped another demoralizing defeat would force the U.S. to capitulate in the Pacific War and thus ensure Japanese dominance in the Pacific. Luring the American aircraft carriers into a trap and occupying Midway was part of an overall ""barrier"" strategy to extend Japan's defensive perimeter, in response to the Doolittle air raid on Tokyo. This operation was also considered preparatory for further attacks against Fiji, Samoa, and Hawaii itself."
76561198069861864,Recommended,211820,8666106,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Saltkin2014,You can play as a monkey10/10
76561197977260507,Recommended,211820,27386117,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,AWK13,Awesome Terraria esque game IN SPACE! Which makes everything cooler. Also there are lasers. 10/10 would let UFO Penguin anihilate me again.
,Recommended,211820,23697030,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ｇａｓ　ｇａｓ　ｇａｓ,"April 3rd - Hey guys, 1.0, the full release of Starbound, is getting pretty close.June 21st - I've been waiting for 2 whole god damn months Chucklefish cmon.June 6th, 6666 - 1.0 is now being release.Thanks Chuckledaddy."
,Recommended,211820,32260295,Posted: 7 June,all,Pyrarr,One of my favorite games to play!
76561198149358521,Recommended,211820,29278211,Posted: 15 January,all,CringyMcCringeFace,"Hey Starbound! this is my second favorite game of all time. Why? because just read this.Starbound is a open player sandbox game with challenging quests but it didnt always used to be like this. I think i started playing this game alot around early 2015 or very late 2014 i can easily say that this is just a great game back in the old days AKA the golden days of Starbound was amazing but not as amazing as the 1.0 update back in these days there was really no story at all but that made it good somehow. It was more ""Freedomey"". All you had to do is go to this one place and you got a bunch of quests and they were funny and challenging. But i can say the 1.0 update is easily the best update starbound has recived. It is just amazing. I was really looking forward to this update and i kept checking each day starting april of 2016 but it didnt came out till August of 2016 during this period was me buidling Giant cites and i really enjoyed buidling. But back in august i had a 1 week camp and school was starting up soon. I was praying on my knees that they would realese it before school and they did. thanks Starbound <3 So i had a week to play this masterpeice of an update. BUT WAIT!! it gets better! I fineshed the game in exaclty a 6 days so i had one day to do stuff. Starbound decided to be nice by adding STEAM WORKSHOP! Soon mods where flying everywhere and this is what made starbound great. Possibly the greatest mods where  XS MECHS and Fracken universe. These mods were great XS MECHS brought mechs and other robots into the game which i really enjoyed and it made combat more fun. Fracken universe was basicly the biggest mod in Starbound history. It was litteraly a whole new game of starbound which i really enjoyed playing fracken universe alot. Plus there were alot of building mods which made building even more fun. I decided to experiment with this one mod called drill 100x100 i accidently destroded a huge chunck of the underground which sucked because my world looked horrible. But i didnt just freaking quit there! I made an entire City in the underground and it looked beautiful. I know i see alot of negative reviews about this game. Dont listen to those people. This is a game i loved back since along time so yeah buy this game. 10/10 Thanks for the great game starbound developers! <3"
,Recommended,211820,32301270,Posted: 9 June,all,The Lad,It's a good and fun game with a good story and really nice  game designBut be careful with some mods because they can cause problems
76561198169618065,Recommended,211820,32322448,Posted: 10 June,all,Taleheart,This is the most entertaining game I've ever played. Its latest updates bring this game even higher. It is a lot more than just Terraria in space. It is a challenge to your creativity!I would reccomend it to everyone.
,Recommended,211820,8355133,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,PeanutSpread,"Starbound is a 2D platform sandbox game that i feel stands out from the rest because of its theme (Space & Aliens) and the endlessly generated planets that kind of work like seeds for worlds in other sandbox games. I also enjoy the different races, towns and dungeons that litter the planets surface. so in all fairness i would recommend this  game to anyone enjoys exploring, fighting, mining and playing little instruments found in chests."
76561198142373339,Recommended,211820,29552879,Posted: 28 January,all,tyler.foisy,i absolutely love this game. I have gotten mods from the workshop. I completed the game. But when i logged on today my character was gone. Any idea if i can get it back?
,Recommended,211820,32180392,Posted: 4 June,all,FURYUNLEASHED,"Starbound is one of the best sandbox-games of our time. The game is clearly inspired from Minecraft and Terraria, and has a ton of content for you to explore. Build castles, futuristic moon-bases, or be satisfied with your very own ship. The choice is yours, and there are countless of choices. An amazing game which will take you star-exploring for hours on hours, building whatever you may please. Absolutely and strongly recommended!"
76561198094925608,Recommended,211820,28700116,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Heated Fire,This game is pritty dank.
76561198034552591,Recommended,211820,29246755,Posted: 14 January,all,Swirls,"Fun game, reasonably solid combat. Reminiscent of Terraria. I beat it in 36 hours.Starting TipKeep the Broken Broadsword you find during the tutorial, you'll thank me later."
,Recommended,211820,29255349,Posted: 14 January,all,Notoriety,"Great in singleplayer, but it's even better when you play with friends. I'm happy it finally got to 1.0"
,Recommended,211820,29219546,Posted: 13 January,all,piggytron,"Really fun game, definetly recommend playing w/ friends!"
,Recommended,211820,29230115,Posted: 13 January,all,JohnnyRockstar,Land on possible hostile planet.Run from alien life forms.Beam me up at last second Scotty.Goes to other planet.Turns out even more dangerous.Kill all prisoners.Find expansive cave to explore.Fun fun fun fun.
,Recommended,211820,29241952,Posted: 14 January,all,CRAYN352,"Fun game, like Terraria but more stuff and can add mod stuff"
,Recommended,211820,30804467,Posted: 28 March,all,🎃 SPOOKY SHAKEE 🎃,"Early Starbound Player Here!I like this game a lot. However, some of the (main) quests can get annoying.One thing i disike about Starbound is how the worlds are no longer random like the early version. I really liked to explore it all. Now, that parts seems to be gone. However, I still enjoy the game. I love the base building and farming. The wiring is a nice touch to Starbound but takes a while to get used to.The p[art that keeps me coming back to starbound is the soundtrack. The soundtrack to Starbound is like no other. WIth the sounds and music being based in piano. I really love the soundtrack to this game.Is it worth a buy?Depends.The glaring problem with starbound is no more random gerations making it seem like you're are not actaully in space where everything is different.Nothing random gets countered by base building and the style of the game itself.You should buy this game if...You should buy this game if you are a fan a Indies & Terraira. (and also love a great sound track)"
,Recommended,211820,10385035,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,SpookyTiger,"The game is fun. I enjoyed it a lot, especially during the early release days when it first came out on Steam. The building is pretty simple and straight forward, however crafting items require patience which I dont like as much. It made improvements since the early access days as in:Its more optimizedSteam Workshop mods make it a lot easier to install mods instead of dragging mod folders into the Starbound directory.It actually has a story, even though its not that great. Its okay, not bad, not good and I wish they kept the protagonist (you) just a normal citizen instead of a chosen guardiant or what not.There are some Starbound mods that are absolutely amazing. You can literally whack people in the head with a door. Oh and also the mod that adds Ainsley's face on basically every sprite in Starbound.Theres also some cons to this game:Wish there were armor and weapons that really stand out, items that are so different and unique you feel like you will never find another one again.Again the story isnt so good and I wish the protagonist (you) was just some random person who now has to do stuff.More diversity in the biomes.Lets just say have everything extremely different to another thing in the same category.Maybe have more races with more advanced looking civilizations, literally only the hylotl race has skyscrapers and they live underwater. Could use more impressive cities instead of small towns or a single castle or temple.Regardless, this is a fun game at first. More fun with friends playing a long with you can, also great for role playing. There is a ton of potential in this game if the developers can bring it out."
,Recommended,211820,28009634,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,MAGS,Having a little penguin companion equipped with a huge gun made me love this game even more. With this I'd like to thank Joggy for being the best sidekick and the way he just...waddledon.
,Recommended,211820,27370148,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Daddy Devito,No Mans Sky but 2d and 99% better
,Recommended,211820,27630762,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,lokisuenlok,i like exploring in this game :]
,Recommended,211820,27699675,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Juersche,"Been playing this game since early Alpha and it still amazes me.You can- upgrade and decorate your ship- craft items; useful and useless ones- die over and over again and lose your money you needed to upgrade said ship- check out different alien races which are inspired by cultures and timeperiodes of our civilizations- remodel a whole planet- enjoy the soundtrackWhe the story is over, the game really isn't. You can still enjoy the sandbox part of the game for many hours or explore countless planets."
76561198236348870,Recommended,211820,24531414,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,sergeant_montecarlo,great game but just to hand out improve ments i think you are focusing on this but can you guys please fixthe radom crashes and freezing and kicking of the charchters im not sure if im the only one expeiring this but if not  please fix this anyway this game has so much potial its addictive and really fun to play and im so happy its made its way to one.0
76561198350753480,Recommended,211820,30088650,Posted: 21 February,all,FrostBurnShadow,It's awesome and fun. There's always something new. But the one thing is the mass amount of mobs when you're trying to farm or mine.
76561198102442289,Recommended,211820,28809015,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BestOfBuds,Awesome game I would like to see a multiplayer feature or a co op feature installed but otherwise fantastic
,Recommended,211820,28763590,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Barry,"If there’s two things I love it’s the hours of fun I have had out of terraria and space.... Put those together with some story and you get Starbound, a fun and seemingly never ending game which I like to just sit and play for 30 minutes at a time slowly building up my house and ship before exploring planets and finding new things I didn’t realise existed in this game! With a somewhat challenging story with boss fights and dungeons I feel this game would fit the taste of all gamers with a casual feel but addictive gameplay. In my mind a true '5 more minutes' title.Mr.Protos signing off"
,Recommended,211820,28490389,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,shadowtheprotoman,one of my all time favourites!would recomend to anyone who likes:minecraftterrariano mans sky (your wierd)space games in general
76561198227831904,Recommended,211820,28890753,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,IKnowYouAreButWhatAmI,THis game is fun and well round.  The main reason why I like this game is because its multi player.
76561197981216460,Recommended,211820,28893850,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,(Big) Wacker,"DEAR LORD MY GOD!I hated this game so much when it first came out, yet I spent a 100+ hours playing it, desperately needing a new and improved Terraria. It failed me, leading me to a horrible, unfun grind. I was sad. It became a forgotten relic in my library.Yet recently, I was looking for a new game to play. Fond memories of Terria danced in my head, And I went off in search of a game like it. All I found was crappy remakes and wannabes. Then suddenly, my mouse hovered over starbound, the ol' forgotten game. I decided to give it another chance, I had nothing else to do. BOY! BOOOOOY!It went from boring and repetitive to immersive and fun, I found myself lost in a game that felt alive. Each character having loads of thought and mood and emotion. I loved it. PLEASE BUY THIS! PLEAAAAAASE!"
76561198274403228,Recommended,211820,26012905,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,pbsblast1234,"Starbound is out of this world, i find it fun exploring vast planets, building shelters, and fighting bosses. gg chucklefish, gg."
,Recommended,211820,27034884,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,RektFusion,"It's as if Terraria and No Man's Sky had a love child, and the dad (Non Man's Sky) left, leaving his genes but took his crappy attitude with him, leaving the child with the mothers look and goodness.Great Game, 10/10"
76561198100807416,Recommended,211820,8047782,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Wank City,This game is beast. I'm also hella talented at it; that or I just find diamonds all over the place.
,Recommended,211820,7941341,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Frosted,"Sweet game, already put in over half a dozen hours in less then 2 day, great with friends too"
,Recommended,211820,27608782,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dr. Fubukii,A game where you get to destroy a village of gnomes whilst wearing a horse mask and llama legs
,Recommended,211820,7935046,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,FVS,Had to update my review after release:Deeper than No Man's Sky after the 5th minute spent in game. 9/10
76561198057694485,Recommended,211820,28725635,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Meme,"I 've ended this game right now so i want to tell the story.It was 3 years ago. I was at the steam store looking for cool games like Terraria which means Sandboxes then suddenly I saw this game. When I watched prewiew and screenshots i said ""This is what i was looking for!"". but had no money to buy it so i torrented it. Sorry for this)).Then I opened it I was shocked. Your own ship, many diffrent planets to visit, many crafts, I've had everythingEven bosses was hard, so cool. You had to kill boss to get only one thing that upgrades your anvil and go further. I remeber the time then i could kill penguin only with Avian race weapon ""Rock on a stick"" but still over9999 attempts to do it)), that is what I call hardcore.And then i finally bought this game. Undescribably feeling by the way! But every alpha has it's Glitches(not robots) like hitting through the wall(ez boss kill tactics) and infinite shield(for me it was the only way do defend from Robot boss first oneshot attack), etc.In alpha all items you've got cost 0pix but after that they got their cost ( every item.. it's own cost.. that was cool!) but there was a hitch - I couldn't sell'em...Lul. And then I just started cheking Game for updates for 3 or a bit less years!And that's the moment.The Release!I was so exited playing the game i had from the alpha. Everything changed for the better. I felt in love. I played and played, day after day, armor after armor, quest after quest, and bam!The end... i've defeated The Last Boss.. Then credits.. I droped my tears at this moment...Tears of happiness The End. It Was the end of my journey through the plot of Starbound But the feelings was much powerfull like I've ended another great story in my life, like I saw how dynasties are changing .  From Alpha to Full Release I was in this game, I was a part of this game same as the game was part of me(and it is). I knew one day Starbound will grow up from silly sandbox to the Great story and I'm happy it happen!!To finalizeThank youChucklefishand everybody who supported this project for the game that became piece of my life journey. I am happy right now! You made this hours fantastic. Thank you.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,30154664,Posted: 24 February,all,Tylernator231,"Starbound Is another great game from Chucklefish, and I knew from the start that this game would be in-depth, just like Stardew Valley, which was very in-depth. Chucklefish is a rising star game developing team overall. More specifically in Starbound alone, you begin in a story of near hopelessness, trying to survive, and as you play and complete a very unique base storyline, you also get a large feel of the true open world aspects. An almost infinite (to the point where you wouldn't be able to see all of the planets in your LIFETIME) world is at your disposal, a variety of star systems with a range of different types of planets is there for you to explore, and you can build whatever you want! Two things I would suggest to do is follow the planet exploration roughly by the storyline (I got the best gear before going on the story, originally), and only start playing with a few minor mods that make your experience a bit less tedious (Perennial Crops, for example). Once you get a feel of the game or even beat the storyline, try bigger, game-changing mods like Frackin Universe. Nonetheless, Starbound is a great game and WORTH IT. I cannot emphasize enough. It would be worth it if it was 30 dollars EASILY."
,Recommended,211820,8959371,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,berkough,"Highly enjoyable.  Even in beta, this game is definitely playable without a shadow of a doubt. Well worth the $15 price point right now.  Personally, I've never been into crafting games, but, the art style and the mechanics make Starbound slightly more accessible than some more notable titles in the genre.  If you're on the fence, watch some Let's Plays and download and experience for yourself.  I found elements of Harvest Moon and strategy games that I didn't expect to. Watching gameplay was enough to get me to download it and dump 12 hours into it on the first 2 days of owning the game.  It's amazing, I can't wait for the final release and see what they've tweaked and changed.  Until then, I'll keep playing."
,Recommended,211820,32925648,Posted: 28 June,all,Flashgridcraft,PROSThe game is fun to play alone or with friends.The music of the game suites their respective planets.The background visuals of different planet biomes are beautiful and pleasing to the eye.There's a large variety of planets with different types of weather patterns to make planets more different than others.Besides the main story there is quite alot you can do in the game from becoming a farmer/herder to a colonist.The only problem with the game is sometimes it crashes for weird reasons when opening a world.But overall I recommend it.
76561198059657591,Recommended,211820,24463357,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ЖИТЕЛЬДИКОГОВОСТ,Классная игра только у некоторых после обновления она не запускается
76561198158106455,Recommended,211820,33019349,Posted: 29 June,all,Evander,"So having played this game for awhile now, I have just been amazed by the amount of depth that exists within it. You think that you have seen it all and boom, you see an underground castle. Also, the continued updates are amazing, and I congradulate the developers on such an amazing game. 11/10."
,Recommended,211820,32378108,Posted: 12 June,all,Makoto,You can take ♥♥♥♥♥.My life is complete.This game is 10/10I love it.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥again.
,Recommended,211820,32975680,Posted: 28 June,all,Matt,Better Than Terraria
76561198162283167,Recommended,211820,32990030,Posted: 29 June,all,Dawnstar,"Very good game. Its like Terraria, but better, and with quests."
76561198292388528,Recommended,211820,33018474,Posted: 29 June,all,1004463705,This game makes me crazy !It is one of my favourite games. There are so many planets could let us to explore.just a litte disappointed----no Chinese language.我需要汉化，要不然边玩还得边翻字典。（I do not want to check the dicthionary while playing the games).And I do not understand the story of this game because there are so many new words.I am tired of refering to the dictionary.Iwill appreciate it if the author think about it.
,Recommended,211820,8063075,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,_HesH_,this game will take over your life bewarned 60+ on twitch
,Recommended,211820,29041718,Posted: 5 January,all,Hero1 Грегори,Imagian No MansSky and Terraria had a baby =Awesomenesss
,Recommended,211820,32788834,Posted: 25 June,all,kr33p3r1000,"From the open universe feel, all the way to the music and basic function, this game gets your creativity flowing at all times, way better than terraria in my opinion."
,Recommended,211820,33022265,Posted: 29 June,all,NepNep,Would recommend this to anyone who has played terraria. i havent but i find this game to be just as fun.
,Recommended,211820,32307242,Posted: 9 June,all,rsoul88,BEST GAME I HAVE EVER PLAYED!!!! I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS GAME TO ANYONE! If u are into adventure and fun u should get this :D
,Recommended,211820,8517547,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tingilinde,"I absolutely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys sandbox titles, and not afraid of retro pixelized graphics. In a nutshell it's Terraria in space, but already has much more potential! If you enjoyed Terraria, I promise you are going to leave it for this game, and never look back. (Oh my poor old, Terraria world, farewell! :-( ) Starbound has a very huuuuuuuge, I mean VERY HUUUUUGEEEE world. You choose a race, customize it (Cute, and funny details!) and name your character. Then you end up on your very own starship. You get your first quest. Currently there is only a tutorial quest line, but more will come later! You travel around the galaxy with the ship. You need to mine (or inv edit, like I do haha) fuel to travel from planet to planet, and you need to destroy bosses to unlock new sectors with harder enemies and better loot. You can set a home planet and teleport there freely anytime you want, even though you are not even in the sector. You can add your own furniture to your ship as it pleases you. In multiplayer it also serves as a hub, where your friends can teleport/beam to. And steel your stuff if you invite complete strangers on a regular basis. :-) The game's currency is called pixel. It's a pain to get right now, but the whole system is still being balanced. If you die, your hunger, coldness level, breath and hp are filled, you are teleported back to your ship and loose many of your pixels. You can buy schematics (recipes for crafting), weapons, clothes and food from NPCs you find on planets. Also some crafting recipes need pixels, and your ship has a 3d printer. You can put inside any item, destroy it, and afterwards you'll be able to ""3d print"" that item in exchange for pixels. There are countless amounts of biomes, each one has their own trees, colors of dirt, endless amount of monsters and minibosses. Some will attack you, some are passive. There are only a few bosses yet. NPCs can be spawned by you trough special spawners, so you can build your own village, or even shops! (NPC traders can be spawned as well.) You can get skills via loot. Dashing, superjumps, your own controllable mech, etc. There are playable instruments. You can sit down on couches, fountains, chairs, and you can sleep on many objects (carts, pile of hay, dozens of beds, altars, tents, etc.). While sleeping you gain hp, the speed depends on how good is your bed. You can farm many fruits, vegetables, hunt for leather and meet, collect eyeballs from eyeball plants (yes, from plants, no, don't ask, lol :D) and cook them for buffs and fill your hunger meter. Else you'll die. You also need to have warm clothes or fire nearby if the weather gets cold, or you'll also die. Different planets have different biomes, weather and gravity.In other terms, it's just like Minecraft and Terraria: you mine stuff. You loot stuff. You steel stuff if you're that kind of guy (shame on you :D). You get stuff, you build stuff. For fun, for aesthetic reasons, for shelter and (hopefully) for safety. You try to survive. You kill monsters. You get the idea.There are so much more in this game, and content is constatly updated. I hope I gave you a basic insight of the gameplay. Give it a go if it comes out. Seriously. Worth every single dollar/euro/pixel/whatever.New and new content appears from patch to patch, even tough the game currently is in early alpha, so it's filled with strange bugs, you are forced to begin anew after most patches, so DON'T BUY IT YET IF WIPES AND BUGS CONCERN YOU! There is already a VERY basic editor for the game, and a small modding community. The game files can be very easily altered, without any programming knowledge."
76561198283691859,Recommended,211820,29053152,Posted: 5 January,all,bomber0188,better than almost everygame ive played thats a sandbox/adventure game
,Not Recommended,211820,17606080,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,I ШΔ∏Ƭ ƬΘ DIΣ ƬƁH,Gender Options:MaleFemaleUnspecifiedYeah ♥♥♥♥ off.
,Recommended,211820,32301579,Posted: 9 June,all,SuchAvlaro,"I'm not really a big big fan of sandbox games... I like minecraft, and I played quite a lot to terraria, but that's it.Now, Starbound? That's just an amazing game i've been in love with since the very moment I opened the game, teleported to the first planet and listened to the incredibly beautifull soundtrack it has, as well as pixel art.I won't be giving a full review of the game, too many things to say and I am a man of few words: Craft high-tech things, travel through space, discover, explore, visit planets and galaxies, adapt... and above all, enjoy this beautifull masterpiece of game.Also, devs really put a lot of efford into this game to make it shine every once in a while, and for the money... It's absolutely worth it."
,Recommended,211820,27424505,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Estamie,"what if No Man`s sky was good, had a story, fun gameplay, and the ability to be a bird-man/woman/apache, human, flower-person thing, or a medieval robot.... then you would have Starbound. 10/10 would be a naked bird-man running around shooting stuff again (and there is bananas in this game...just so you know)"
,Recommended,211820,7990667,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Calister,This is an amazing game I highly suggest you get it.
,Recommended,211820,7936397,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,QuasarKaptain,so cool
76561198087571242,Recommended,211820,8650137,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,BigSmoke,awsome game you must get!!!
76561198143375276,Recommended,211820,32330319,Posted: 10 June,all,A Unstoppable Wave Of Fire Ants,is good game
,Recommended,211820,24652393,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,AsshatFührer,"I ordered my copy of starbound back around 2008, and my physical game of the year bad dragon edition hasnt arARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARIARI ARIVEDERCI yet."
76561198234302288,Recommended,211820,32351168,Posted: 11 June,all,tab.,"I love starbound tbh.If you have some of the many mods i just think you should have a better selection over your species...That is the only problem i have, Besides that its a pretty awsome game i strongly reccamend it"
76561198130419776,Recommended,211820,32320854,Posted: 10 June,all,xWolfix,"Starbound.One of the best 2d games to ever exist I'd say.We all would agree that it's the Terraria 2.0, wouldn't we?Well, that's different, way different!Passing to our review;Starbound is a very entertaining and joyful game.From an uncountible array of galactics and planets to a long-enough and amazing storyline.Perfect usage of our beloved pixel arts, which is one of the first reasons why would I recommend this game.There's a massive and I'd say infinite ammount of blocks which you can use for amazing buildings, and for intensifying your creativity.The monsters are pretty great, and there's also loads of them.But still. What would a 2d game be without weapons? Starbound has very much. Actually a full load of them.From small daggers to the ability of making outragerous battle robots for you to help your adventure.And for last, the music.Starbound is a game, which unlike most of all other games has a massive collection of soundtracks which could give us around 7 hours of listening to pure masterpieces.This is all I can say for my review, I would give a large 10/10 towards it.I highly recommend it not to only those who like pixel art and 2d games, but to everyone."
,Recommended,211820,7934762,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Safety Porpoise,This Game...
,Recommended,211820,8479900,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Nero,"Outstanding game. The game implements various impressive designs and features that can wow just about anyone who has taken a liking to Terraria or minecraft and maybe wants to move onto something a bit more 'advanced'. This a 50/50 review, since the game is great and all, but there are also key problems.-The game lags hellishly-While its in beta, saves are always at risk of reset (Will not be a problem when it releases)-Monsters at Level 1 can be a pain for newcommers-The loading screen to start the game is no less then 3-5 minutes for me.-Complicated to start a multiplayer server that does not require something like Hamatchi.There are more key problems but I am too tired to list them out haha. Hope its enough to give you a good opinion."
,Recommended,211820,29192529,Posted: 11 January,all,Antacity,"Something that people complained about in the past was how Starbound actually lost some memorable aspects of gameplay such as the bubble tech, jetpacks, flying vehicles, etc, and replaced them with the not-so-memorable techs they have now....Do you hate winter just because it isn't summer?10/10 game."
,Recommended,211820,28293270,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Commander_Chlorine,"While my hours might not seem much (as of writing of this review,because i have playedcountless hours outside steam),this game is a must for any terraria or similar game fan.You have a universe to explore.Thats right a universe not just one map.P.S.  No man`s sky should take notes from it.(Had to get it in there)Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,211820,33600463,Posted: 16 July,all,elcman,"This is an incredible game, in every sense that a game like this should be. Well crafted procedural content, fully realized artwork, and a balanced sense of progression. The scale itself isimmense, but the light story arch brings you through all the basics, advancing you by degrees.You really do choose your level of progression, but following the clues around the universe... or maybe ignore it all and just settle down on a planet, or even hop from location to location, finding a new place to explore each time. You do get repetition, but you depend on it in this game.I dare say, this is the way I'd hope an open world game would start. Loose objectives and then free you to make those decisions to build and grow as you want. The pixel art alone makes this game worth it, too. There's enough content to keep you engaged for months, and the multiplayer is seamlessly integrated, making the co-operative experience a kick in the pants.Highly highly recommend if you have kids who want something with a little more texture than something like Minecraft. It depends on them being self-starters, but the adventure of it is fantastic, well worth the investment."
,Recommended,211820,8182194,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Fair Nando,"Awesome. Thats it! :DNo seriously, it is awesome and there is nothing bad that i was able to find ^^Of course it is still a beta and so has some problems and even character wipes, but this was announced before and you can`t complain about it.The game is absolutely playable and a lot of fun.I really like the different planets and the villages. Everything seems to be made with love and looks amazing.The creatures fit the environment perfectly and aren`t too easy, even though the AI could be improved.Last but not least: The NPC`s! They are the best thing in the game. Even if you play in singleplayer you will never feel alone. Of course they can only say one sentence yet but there are traders and this has a big potential to be made into something awesome!So: The game is awesome and will become even better with more updates. As i said before: It is a beta and not completly stable. But if you dont mind character wipes and just want to play and awesome Indie-Game, this is it!My rating:10/10"
,Recommended,211820,33633568,Posted: 18 July,all,Beornwahl,"I've only played about fourty hours, which is basically the original grind for the good gear, but I quite enjoyed the game mechanics contra similar games, as well as the story and universe.The only thing the game lacks is emptiness in terms of space; greater distancess between stars and less usable bodies in these systems would have been more to my personal taste. But I still heartily recommend it - especially at it's favorable price."
76561198032044590,Recommended,211820,8062406,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Snows187,Love the game If any one wants to play on my server heres the ip 23.94.30.2:37568 Deacated Server Max PlayersGalaxy Prime Could really uses a server browser.
,Recommended,211820,8521046,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,_sora_,"Pretty awesome game, needs more weapons but for beta its pretty damn awesome"
,Recommended,211820,33619028,Posted: 17 July,all,Strangebird,Hands down one of the best games I have ever played. The sense of wonder and exploration mixed with creation and personality makes for a great experience. I cannot wait to start playing again.
,Recommended,211820,33616155,Posted: 17 July,all,Godofmlk(GR),"Would recommend it because there are so much stuff to do in this game, it may be 2D but it's hell of a lot fun than any 3D has to offer."
,Recommended,211820,8999685,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,L3W,"Starbound is way better than Terraria and it's only in beta. I can't believe how great this game is! I haven't spent so much time on an indie game ever since Terraria launched. It almost feels to good to be true, but hey I wouldn't be here writing this if I really felt that way hehe."
,Not Recommended,211820,11500630,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,d u s t,"like terraria but less stuff and more planets and less updates. get on it tiy,"
,Recommended,211820,8270998,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Zannerai,"A great marriage of nostalgia and modern gaming, nearly endless exploration and creation, play with friends to really appreciate it."
76561197970386440,Recommended,211820,8454336,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,michaelrc,Just love these sandbox games....although still in beta it's good :)
,Recommended,211820,7965719,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DaulPavid,Probably one of the most amazing Indie games I've ever played in the spirit of Terraria.
76561198064667820,Recommended,211820,9025109,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Mentelgen {[TFG]},this game is epic
76561198128424798,Recommended,211820,27596313,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,snuffey20,"(please forgive me for using ""Terraria"" so much in this review) When I first saw this game I immediately saw it as a terraria repleca, altought after playing it I now them as two different genres. The only two similarities I found are the mining and pixel graphics. Starbound takes a whole new approach at the 2D survival genre. It takes place in space with multiple planets so you can fill twenty up and still feel like they are all completly different. Also all the furniture really helps you create buildngs to your desire. Not to mention the infintley generated quests along with the main story. I would give Starbound a solid 9.5/10"
76561198065528996,Recommended,211820,7959932,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bez2552,"Right now it is slightly buggy, but it offers levels of creativity I have never seen before. Its a massive world, and i mean a MASSIVE world. Give it a go, it is definitely worth the £11."
,Recommended,211820,33685247,Posted: 20 July,all,SavageMeerkat9,"Very highly recommended. If you like sandbox games such as Terraria and space themes like Star Trek or Star Wars then this game is for you. I have greatly enjoyed this game and have been playing since the beta in 2014, that should say a lot. It's been a lot of fun watching this game evolve over the years. The gameplay is very much like that of Terraria in its mining and exploring, however planet surfaces yield things to explore as well."
76561198073966650,Not Recommended,211820,8899604,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Homeless Robot,Very Interesting game with cute pixel art and a vast world to explore. Content is added continuisly with every update and keeps the game fresh. It is still in beta version so expect some unfinished content.Edit: After one and a half year that I currently possess this title it is still in early access and I dont remember the last time I saw an update (with actuall content). I was recommending this game but not anymore. Apparently the devs have more important work to do and the title seems abantoned.
76561197991869048,Not Recommended,211820,9363707,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Lord Fappington ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),"All hype, this game is unfinished in so many ways, and has been for so long that its an utter failure."
,Not Recommended,211820,9595929,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Hathzynx,No updates since April. No significant news or info from the developers. Nowhere near what was promised and it seems like there won't be any more additions.If the game ever does get a significant update i'll be more than happy to change my review.Unfortunately at this time this game is not worth playing.
,Not Recommended,211820,9875162,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,makhno,"'Mazing, Love it.[EDIT]these developers REALLY REALLY care about this game. they develop every day or so.im jk lol I cant recommend this to you or my mates because the game never updates. UNLESS YOU WANT TO PAY FOR A CURRENT GAME ( it wont change ) dont get it."
76561198109112656,Not Recommended,211820,10028574,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Qualtain,"If you buy this better don't get pass the 2 first hours so you can get your money back.This old old eternal beta is getting nowhere close to a fun experience. Has no spirit.Advertising.: A full universe to explore !Reality : A full universe of repetitive ( when not empty )  content.Advertising.: NPC's ! Quest ! interesting Crafting !!!Reality.: where ? when ? next update maybe ? maybe 3 or 4 years from now ?Non oficial advertising .: It's like Terraria but in Space !!Reality.: Both are retro sandoxs games. Where Terraria is fun and shining Starbound is boring and stagnant. It is a shame even to compare.What can be said from a game with far better ( and unstable ) player made content than oficial content. Maybe Chucklefish is waiting for the player base to finish the game ?If you already have Terraria and are looking for a similar experience, dont get fooled, Starbound is a promising, wonderfull pile of beta acces example of failure full of exciting pending features, linear content and generic placeholder texts.If you dont own Terraria dont doubt it will be a far better experience than Starbound."
,Not Recommended,211820,10403340,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Krissz,They ran away with the money.Dont buy this sh**
,Not Recommended,211820,11438144,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Hero Hero,So today I am changing my opinion on the game called starbound. When I first got starbound I was pretty optimistic about it seeing more of the positive side instead of the negitive side. After keeping starbound around for a bit I've come to realize that the dev's just up and left this game.The only positive thing about starbound was the mods that could change up the gameplay slightly but in the end your still playing the same game. So my new thing about it is buy at your own risk and try to have fun if you do buy it but that won't last long.
76561198144569514,Recommended,211820,17823201,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,ｊｅｒａｈｄ,Still better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,211820,8184155,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Catloaf,good game
,Recommended,211820,31941300,Posted: 24 May,all,madworld1697,"Really Awesome game it was sure short because i enjoyed it soo much , would totally recommend if you like sandbox game plus it contain now a full Main Story with a Epic End ( without spoiling ) i dont regret to have buy this game plus its like a Terraria but more futurist and less annoying , i played it in Solo all the way to the end and i was sad to have play this game alone but well LOLOLOLOLOLI would say it worth to buy 2-3h go too fast on this game , when you are really into searching around a planet u can stay here for a couple of hour hahaha xD and dam there a lot of Star to explore and lot of different weapons and COSTUME TOO !it even more fun in multiplayers too !so yeah i really enjoyed it and give a 9/10 because I WOULD LIKE TO HAVE MORE STORY OMG.. !"
76561198013225871,Recommended,211820,25197724,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Acua3,"Good game so far, can get a little bit spacious with the activities you can do. Probably needs a bit more content and areas in the beginning to keep people entertained."
,Recommended,211820,7974718,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Velimirius,"Ever played Terraria, love sandbox games, know what ""Space, the final frontier"" means? Than look no more, with an amazing atmosphere, huge space to explore, all kinds of stuff to build, making it more lively with some population, defending you settlemet from horrors of the night and unlocking new techs to improve further, Starbound is one great game which guarantees that you will spent at least several hundred hours playing it without regret."
,Recommended,211820,9482713,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,ASPG | Cappex The Mental,"So, I jumped straight into this game with a buddy of mine. Never having played Terraria this was a rather new experience to me.Holy balls. You can see by my time played I enjoy the hell out of this game.Destroy and pilage a planet or it suddenly get acidic water everywhere? No worries, you can pack up and jump to new one.I actually bought a server so I could play a full multi experience and the game just got straight up amazing.after probably 20 hours or so I hit the end game for this point in the beta... So I started sailing the stars...collecting instruments, cool weapons, food recipes, and tons of helpful tech. after I'd gotten a decent amount of supplies my ship was a little cluttered to say the least, so i found a remote top tier snow planet and dug. Made an entire underground facility for my storage and decorations. With what the devs have planned, this game will become better as it goes and is basically going to have everything covered, PVE, PVP, and farming.... they mentioned something along the lines of a guild type thing... may need a bigger server soon..."
76561198055968875,Recommended,211820,8047328,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,RockCroc,This game is amazing. I would recommend this to anyone :D
76561198129133579,Recommended,211820,10618361,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Deathraydave,"Great Game, Great Story, Great mechanics, Overall a wondefuly put together game.GREAT JOB CHUCKLE FISH! No need to Make Starbound great agian IT IS AMAZING"
76561198006483513,Recommended,211820,24416583,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,tsynr,"I've got around 100 hours at this point, and I feel I can safely recommend this game.  I don't usually buy into early release offers, but I loved Terraria, and Starbound has been a quality successor to that game."
,Recommended,211820,18212981,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Johann Sebastian Bach,"Starbound is basically Terraria, with infinite amounts of weapons and spaceships. It is the best 2D sandbox game ever. Now for a more comical turn: When I first started playing Starbound, my friend gave me a gnome gun. Not knowing that it was a deadly weapon I walked into a glitch village with it, and managed to get killed by the guards."
76561198123298812,Recommended,211820,9241770,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Zamorman,"I LOVE this game. It's a little confusing at first, but once you get the hang of things it is an absolutely amazing game to play. There are so many possibilities with 6 races to choose from. Each race has its own aspects and powers. Each race even has its own specific armor. I've played plenty of terraria, and this is by far an improvement. I absolutely love the fact that you can travel to multiple planets (including astroid belts) and see what lives there. There are TONS of planets and each one has different animals, plants, and temperature. The combat is intense and can be challenging at times. The only problem I have with the game is that it is slightly buggy (understandable since it's still in beta). Beside that, this game is amazing. I've been playing this game like crazy, and I havn't even gotten a slice of what's to come. 90/10"
,Recommended,211820,15436942,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Jack Devil,good
,Recommended,211820,26966066,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Hihoo,"One of my favourite games.+ beatiful graphic style+ endless planets to explore+ nice storyline+ mods add a ton of gameplay to the already huge world ( Frackin Universe )+ awesome soundtrack- auto-updates can mess with your mods(90% Steams fault, consider buying it on a different plattform if you just want to play the game with mods without fixing bugs at 3am)"
,Recommended,211820,8822420,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Snowball,"one of the best games ever, lots of variety and a helluva lot of evil birds"
76561198044416860,Recommended,211820,9228746,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Señor Bob,Tererria...IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAACE
,Recommended,211820,7979973,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Zoku,"This game will blow your nuts off and shove them down your own throat.You're gonna spend hours upon hours exploring planets, digging, crafting stuff and you're going to love every moment of it.Buy this game if you loved Terraria. They're similar products, both with their merits and (very few) downfalls.Starbound looks to have quite a bright future in store for it."
,Recommended,211820,26585204,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,狼 21,Every Man's Sky11/10
,Recommended,211820,33361851,Posted: 7 July,all,Blushilicious,It's everything we wanted from no man's sky in 2D
,Recommended,211820,33730491,Posted: 22 July,all,Windows 10,"Good game, could be much better in my opinion but still completely worth worth a tenner"
,Recommended,211820,27710244,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,naii,i love the game i have beaten it but when you do that you have done everything in the game so i hope more stuff gets added also if you are reading this GET THE AVALI MOD! its the best made starbound mod
76561198300803533,Recommended,211820,28714092,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Pulmonary Palimpsest,"Goode, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,211820,33724940,Posted: 22 July,all,Alpollon,"I have had this game for over 2 years now and have never regretted the purchase. The creators have come very far with this game and it's been fun watching the progress. I'd recommend buying this on sale if you want to try it out, since I understand it's not for everyone. Multiplayer works, lots of content from both the workshop and the vanilla game, constant upgrades and fast response to bugs. I can only recommend this."
,Recommended,211820,7949508,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,[LQM]After_thoughts,Def Alot of fun!
76561198055622293,Recommended,211820,22670106,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Juice,This is an amazing game i'm glad i'm able to look like a toaster in this game. also the mods are easily downloadable
,Recommended,211820,8847198,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kethguard,love this game
,Recommended,211820,28461809,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Pun,I'm sure the reviews surrounding this one explains everything already
76561197996353834,Recommended,211820,8134138,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WackyMackie,fantastic game
,Recommended,211820,8493861,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,#jeffdev,"Great Game if you like terraria and space! Just a lot of bugs, but that is beta life :)"
,Recommended,211820,8351395,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Loser Sloth,really good game to play with friends. It's like terraria but with more stuff to do like fight space penguins and travel to different planets. I haven't found any bugs so far. If you are looking for a good game to play with your buddies definitely try this game out.
76561197970333318,Recommended,211820,9277696,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Ratty,"I was looking for something to scratch my Terraria itch, Starbound not only satisfies that urge but does so much more.Hundreds of different Biomes, shed loads of Alien Monsters, Towns full of NPCs, thousand of items to craft or find and, best of all, Dungeons!Loads of Dungeons, procedurally generated, filled with Bad guys, mysterious items and LOOT!Also Starbound`s building system is so much simpler and well thought out than similar games, houses and other structures can be put together really quickly, taking the slog out of base building.Crafting, farming, gathering are all similarly easy. Indeed simplicity seems to be the goal here, Starbound`s creators appear to be focussed on making the game fun and accessible with none of the 'grind' some similar games have.Difficulty ramping is another nicely thought out process as it is controlled by the Player, rather than the games mechanics, the world does not become more difficult, rather you travel to more difficult worlds when and if you want.I love this game, I clocked up over 100hrs on Terraria, I`m expecting many times that on Starbound."
76561198118532911,Recommended,211820,24944771,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sicarian,"I just finished the game missions and man I'm in shock by this game! the story was amazingly fun and not boring and fast like people say in their reviews.Here is more detailed reviews(The Story) 3 I won't say any spoilers because i know there is a lot of you who haven't finished the game yet, but i will say that it was the funniest story type game that i have ever played. the music was well put in the pixel art was amazing all the secrets hidden in the story missions just made it extremely fun!(Building) 2 I love the building, the collecting, and the farming in this game. lots of blocks to choose from and lots and lots of decorations to decorate your Ship, House, Man Cave, museum Or Anything you can think of. I didn't care for the crafting System that much, it was a long wait to get the stuff you where making (only if you had a ton to craft)(Gameplay) 0 Absolutely terrible lag and chunks not loading and just a lot of LAG it was so hard to play with it all, And there wasn't any option to make it better in the settings. if there was a no lag experience it would come close to my all time favorite game bu terraria is still in #1.(Music) 3 Starbound in my opinion has one of the best soundtracks and music in the game it just inspires me to play Starbound and build better. it so good i bought the OST For 5 bucksThe Final results Are an eight! I just loved this game a lot, For 15 bucks THAT'S A STEAL!"
76561198084891338,Recommended,211820,9214605,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Roses are Blue,"This game is awsome and i would recomend it!!!! It is like terraria, minecraft and some space game combined. It has mechs so yeah that completes it."
76561198093060038,Recommended,211820,8604983,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,DAYMAN FIGHTER OF THE NIGHTMAN,Tis game has the highest potential that i've seen scince minecraft.  You are thrown into the middle of the unknown and now you must tame it.  it has smooth graphics (for block like textures) great huds awesome boss fights and ftl travel to new worlds to explore.  On the other hand though you can only comunicate by pressing e and the say what they say if there was some sort of comunication option that would be good the're no space fights (yet or so i am told) and a lack of early game ranged weapons.
76561198023060414,Recommended,211820,7980067,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,LoneBarren,Amazing Game so far with 3 distinct sections and plent of room for improvement (not a bad thing). So far the game is great it is limited a little but that is because it is in beta stage. I suggest not getting too attached to your stuff as it will be wiped when beta hits stage 2 and make sure to note down cool stuff u find and send it to your friends
76561198065450527,Recommended,211820,9405418,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Riksdag,Very fun
,Recommended,211820,8028634,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Swaded,"Game StageScoreEarly AccessN/ABeta7.5/10Complete/UpdatesTBD7.5/10 Keep up the good work. BETA is amazing already. Cant wait for more content to be added over time. Some issues still need to be resolved but its still early stages and Im sure theyll get ironed in time. Similarities to Terraria is obvious but it was expected. Starbound is alot more appealing to me personally though. The massive amount of content already and the huge galaxies to explore, allows for hundreds of hours of gameplay and replayability as well.Will keep updating as more content is added."
,Recommended,211820,8657178,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Horsekey,I would highly recommend this to anyone. Although its early release did set its expectations higher.Because of its early alpha  release i'm sure Chucklefish is trying their hardest to work out bugs and character wipes. This game is great and has a lot of potential!
,Recommended,211820,7987356,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lambo6123,Just yes
76561198074823172,Recommended,211820,8791280,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,laestrygonian,Soooo good. Hours of amazing content
,Not Recommended,211820,7986428,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lnchb0xMarathon,"Alright, this game used to have a positive review from me. We have been waiting a very long time for a more permanent update. Instead of spending valuable resource, money and time moving to the EU, you should just save that to hire more people to help you on your development timeline.When I invest my money in something that a seller is promising me and they don't end up keeping up their end of the bargain, people usually get a refund."
76561198087617464,Recommended,211820,28842981,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,TheVoiceOfCaliborn,is good
76561198142484199,Recommended,211820,33841811,Posted: 27 July,all,doctoroil,An incredibly fun game with so much to do. Like terraria but in space and with planet exploring/traveling. This game is also slightly more story based than other sandbox games like terraria but still gives you lots of creative freedom
,Recommended,211820,33113053,Posted: 1 July,all,Rulzinator,good game :^)
76561198317936554,Recommended,211820,33156946,Posted: 2 July,all,Moon 4ox,It is ♥♥♥♥n crazy!!You should open your wallet
,Recommended,211820,7958350,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,(´・◡・｀),Play it now
76561198081734668,Recommended,211820,9211010,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,FL0,"If you liked Terraria, this game is a MUST-BUYThere are few games that can replicate the size and scale of Starbound. There are hundreds of planets that are each the size of a normal Terraria world, each with a variety of flying and walking monsters.The graphics are something that you can easily adapt to and once you do the game looks beautiful.If you compared Starbound to other sandbox survival games, like Minecaft, you would see that it is so much more diverse than ANY other one of its kind, even when it is still in early access.OK Minecraft then.. it currently has 5 main materials that can be used to craft tools: Wood, Stone, Iron, Gold and, of course, Diamond. Starbound has Copper, Stone, Iron, Silver, Gold,  Steel, Platnium, Titanium, Durasteel, Diamond and A LOT more to come.This game is worth your $15, (which is about 7.6923 Mars bars) especially when you compare it to other games.It beats Terrarria with shield and flashlights.It beats Minecraft with varied resources.It beats Edge of Space with whatever it doesnt have that Starbound does have.The sky is the not the limit in Starbound. 10/10There used to be a couple of suggestsions for future updates. Those suggestions were heard and added. Vehicles, Bosses and facilities are in the game now :3"
76561198005397159,Recommended,211820,7948260,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Tomberry,"Holy Sheet, Thats All I got to say."
76561198042808899,Recommended,211820,32207233,Posted: 5 June,all,Grand Phire / TheOnePhun211,Just made a two hour stream promoting the game. That is how much I love it.Seriously if you want a total masterpiece of a game then do invest in starbound.-Theonephun211
76561198231587928,Recommended,211820,32200069,Posted: 5 June,all,Spaaaaaacccccee Core,"I really recomend this game. It has plenty of fun and unique combat mechanics, like the different kind of guns, dual wielding and more. The base biulding is also a lot of fun with THOUSANDS of blocks and furniture and even upgradeable crafting stations. You can also explore a seemingly infinite amount of randomly genrated solar systems. The new mechs on the Unstable branch of the game(you get the beta version alongside the normal game) are loads of fun and you can literally spend hours just messing around and upgrading your personal mech(mine a Voltron reference). It also has a plot ... yeah. It's not too bad, but you can still get through the game without paying attention to the story, and you can get top-tier equipment without having beaten 2 bosses(you need to beat one mini-boss to unlock space travel so). It's all around a great game."
,Recommended,211820,32201190,Posted: 5 June,all,The Last Methbender,"It's like No Man's Sky except this game has:archeologydecorationsmodsrewarding explorationstorycolonizationdungeoneeringboss fightslittle tiny knome villiages that you can grab the inhabitants and use them as WEAPONScowboy balls of gasmedieval robotsPlanet of the Apes refrences mixed with revolutionsAztec bird peopleTribal grass peopleAisan fish peopleregular humansguns(granade launchers, rocket launchers, SMG's, assault rifles, sniper rifles, shotguns, laser weapons, revolvers, pistols, etc.)melee weapons(swords, axes, spears, magic staffs, etc.)special weapons abilities(grenade launchers, flashlights,heatseeking rockets, etc.)weapon attack types(poison, freezing, lighting, etc.)NPC villiagesnonplayable racesfinal fight vs a tentcle porn monsteryou save the f*cking universecookingminingdifferent planet typesCapture Pods(discount PokeBalls)ghost monstersbanditsstar formationsdifferent types of suns that affect the environments of the orbiting planetsThings this game and No Man's Sky have in common:spacerobotsbase buildingvehiclesthings No Man's Sky has that Starbound doesn't:Why the hell are you still reading this review? buy Starbound and enjoy it!!!"
76561198257236798,Recommended,211820,33845215,Posted: 27 July,all,Trigger,Great game! highly recommend it. 10/10 Ign I do r8 m8
,Recommended,211820,33685445,Posted: 20 July,all,Mirai,Terraria? Never heard of it
76561198076279065,Recommended,211820,32969032,Posted: 28 June,all,Jarg,Spaceships and llama people 12/10
76561198105925429,Recommended,211820,8541126,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,lul,"its the sh*t. if you like terria you will love this game. However, you might want to wait till the game is more developed because there will be more content, and possibly a sale where you can get it cheaper."
,Recommended,211820,33925338,Posted: 31 July,all,Fennicken,"One Of The Best Openworld, PVE, Exploration Games. Recommended"
76561198106532212,Recommended,211820,33137670,Posted: 2 July,all,私は自殺したい,A+COmmited genocideo nt the entire planet after someone gave me copper as a reward.
,Recommended,211820,9276116,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Nelg,"Can be quite slow for some to start off, but as you progress into the game It becomes much more addictive and very fun to play. Have been running a server since I purchased and It's definitely even more fun when you're playing with friends.Overall I highly recommend this game, It's like Terraria on drugs, what more could you want!"
,Recommended,211820,8522177,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,RussyRecon,"This is quite literally the Space Terraria, i even think it was made by the same developers. I recommend this game because it is very immersive, it has an open world, and a good multiplayer if you have the right party. The quests are Entertaining, the worlds are interesting and the NPC System is great. The Settlements of varrying races can be quite useful with shops, loot, and guards. The game can be difficult but who doesn't enjoy difficulty here and there?"
76561198069397056,Recommended,211820,8723316,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,El Guapo Numero Uno,"Starbound is a very good game. The size of the universe is fantastic, and i am still amazed at the number of planets that i have avaiable to me, while i only have starmap upgrade mark 2.It is in early developement though, which means that the game does get wiped whenever it is updated. The game is impressive as it is, so i can't fathom how good it will be when it is finished.The AI players have little to no strategy. As an example, I have stood in a hole and shot arrows at an AI who stood above the hole unmoving. Hopefully this will be improved soon.Overall I recommend it, and say it is worth 15 USD."
76561198090209377,Recommended,211820,8350529,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,andromedaawakens,really good game... like the whole npcs and story additions along with the space... cant wait till its fully complete.
,Recommended,211820,7955688,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Saiko Senpai,Great game.  Terraria with more exploring and more fun!
,Recommended,211820,33845887,Posted: 27 July,all,Lokaror,"Its been a long time coming but this game is great. I honestly love every part of it, besides the grinding being a bit much sometimes. The mechs, weapons, story and all aspects are well done. One thing is it took a long time to get here but now its here i highly reccomend. Sure its alot like terriaria but imo they are both good, with some differences. I prefer starbound just because of the sci fi flavor. The races are all cool too, as is there backstory and lore."
76561198044581168,Recommended,211820,8342926,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sylv,"If you like building, mining, and screaming in terror as the monsters swarm you, this game is for you!"
76561198095729634,Recommended,211820,33112188,Posted: 1 July,all,RIPPERONI,10/10 Would recommend
,Recommended,211820,33153435,Posted: 2 July,all,Sombodh,Great game.
76561198080777057,Recommended,211820,8443117,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kim-Jong-Un,Fun terraria like game that is packed with adveture and weapon's and much more!
,Recommended,211820,29289909,Posted: 15 January,all,Mark Zuckerberg,its basically terraria + what no man's sky promised to be
,Recommended,211820,31735101,Posted: 13 May,all,Anonymous,"Love the game, especially the ship travel jumping animation. The races are so cool in their own ways. I LOVE the Novakids, especially their custom race ship. The way they talk, dress, act, it's all great!"
,Recommended,211820,33870172,Posted: 28 July,all,Idijot,"Pretty much like terraria with space, proper missions and 10x better."
,Recommended,211820,33870321,Posted: 28 July,all,George H.W Kush,"I got this game many years ago on my birthday and have watched it develop and change and it has never failed to amaze me, in the first versions i had absolutely no idea what i was doing and then in the newer versions I was able to figure it out. i have completed this game twice and i still play it just to mess around and see whats new. if you are contemplating buying this game I highly recommend you buy it."
,Recommended,211820,9658126,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,mightymitch67,Too addicting to stop to write a review
,Recommended,211820,24506595,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Tamaster,"== Starbound 1.0 Review ==FINAL SCORE: 7.5 / 10  -  So many stars, so many things to wish forDISCLAIMER: I have finished this game already when it was in beta like a year or so ago, withh the same 2 people i finished it now.Pros & Cons+ Pros ++ A whole galaxy to explore+ Many different races, biomes and places to discover+ Plenty of items, weapons and accessories to craft and loot+ Build your own colony+ Upgradeable ship, survival pack and digging tool+ Immense crafting to do+ Procedural side-quests+ Many books to read to discover lore of races- Cons -- Short, for having been 3+ years in development. With a group of 3 people we played around 25 hours (yeah, in 2 days), and that took to get all the top-tier stuff, finish main quest and all main secondary quests, not to mention finding all biomes and dungeons.- Lategame / endgame gear is way overpowered comapred to enemies you face, making fights really easy- Boring and uninspired main quest, also with useless rewards compared to what you find by simply going around- Too few secondary quests, and most are too easy with Pixel Converter to create items you already scanned an infinite number of times- Procedural (infinite) quests given by random NPCs round the galaxy are always the same 2-3 types and give out useless rewards- Boss fights are way too easy, apart from final boss which is decent but not the challenge level it should be for an entity of that power- Colony building is really accessory and has no depth, you simply build a small cell, put the colony deed inside it, and you will have a colonist to pay you a periodical rent. Repeat as desired. No defending it against waves, no special quests, no upgrading.===Conclusions:I had my fun these (sadly) few days with Starbound. I personally found the universe and general gameplay enjoyable, especially at the start with lots to discover.25 hours of content for aa game that has been in development for so long is not nearly enough. Make a comparison with Terraria, a game with a single world, older, but very similar to Starbound in many aspects, and undoubtably the game that inspired it in great part.Well, Terraria has roughly 3 to 4 times the amount of content of Starbound, i played it, with the very same people i mentioned earlier in this review, and it took us 2 weeks to get all the stuff, playing 6/8 hours a day. Also, it has better pricing, and less crashes, bugs and launch problems.I'm not saying Starbound is bad, in fact it IS great fun and a very good game, but it simply lacks the depth and the core content, in terms of gameplay lenght not all the fancy decorations, hats and whatsoever, to truly be a great game.Think about this before deciding whether to buy or not.Thanks for reading."
,Not Recommended,211820,21247146,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,panic,w
76561197989946451,Recommended,211820,7944637,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Rockit,AWESOME GAME NUFF SAID BUY NAO!
76561198274541652,Recommended,211820,33908491,Posted: 30 July,all,Boppykins,"[]THIS REVIEW WILL CONTAIN NO SPOILERS ONLY WHAT I THINK OF THE GAMEPLAY[]*this will be a sorta large review so grab some popcorn*OPINION:Okay so as you can see I haven't really played starbound for long and I didn't purchase it long ago either, But all I can say about this game is... THIS GAME IS AMAZING! Okay I'm sorta getting off track here but this games fifteen dollar price is outrageously cheap for all it has to offer so many mods, Planets, And super easy to play with friends EVEN IF YOU HAVE MODS INSTALLED! Okay, *i say okay alot don't i?* I'm just going to run down a list of pros and cons about the game.PROS:+The entire universe is at your disposal straight after the tutorial.+Pets just pets. *rip weird robo-chicken he died in battle for me*+It has that awesome terraria feel. *we all know the one*+Your able to build multiple civilizations. (and kill everybody in them)+SO MANY WEAPONS!+SO MUCH ARMOR!+The abilities you can get straight after the beginning.+The universe is infinite and you and your friends share diffrent universes.+SO MANY RACES!+The combat is so addicting.+The story bosses are so much fun to fight.+The normal bosses are alot of fun also+Two words, ADMIN, COMMANDS,+Three words, CUSTOM, NON-MODDED, WEAPONS,+Two more words, MODDED, WEAPONS,+TWO MORE MORE WORDS! MODDED, ARMOR!+Its really fun to do stupid roleplays with your friends-(okay we're heading to the cons now)CONS:-When you complete the story the game goes stale a bit. (but mods exist so get this mod called frackin' universe you won't regret it)-(a tiny spoiler so beware) The second story mission freaked me out. *i hate the ocean*-Some things like mechs are so easy to get and are slightly overpowered on gentle stars.-(spends twenty minutes gathering resources to make a breathing epp for the moon, and then finds out their friend cheated them one but they didn't count it so they trashed the one their friend gave them BECAUSE THEIR FRIEND IS A DIRTY CHEATER!)-I really can't think of anything else wrong with the game.-Oh yeah servers aren't very common and usually require mods. (idk if thats a bad thing to you it doesn't really bother me though)-it took sorta long to release *chucklefish >:(*MY RATING:Honestly I give this game a 8/10 now I know thats sorta a high rating but I think this game really deserves it. It tries its hardest and it pays off I hope this encourages you to buy this amazing game.( *PSH* COMMANDER BOPPYKINS OVER AND OUT *PSH* )"
,Not Recommended,211820,10742032,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,EtTuBruh,"So I originaly published my review for this game about 2 months before this edit (it's August 17th, 2014) and I feel an explicit need to change my review, and instead of recommending it, I will flat-out not recommend it.$15 might not sound like much, and I've had some fun in this game, sure. But I've owned this game for some time, and I realised that I never really feel the urge to play it. The music and aesthetic are beautiful, but the game itself, well, it took Terraria and made it a LOT more boring (and I never much cared for Terraria).Also, there is one massively obnoxious problem with this game: devs. Early Access means updating content that might break saves and be obnoxious, but makes a better game, right? Nope. This game hasn't had an official update for 6 MONTHS, which is absolutely obscene. The only change was extremely bugged 'nightly builds', and in all honesty, what kind of developer does that? I get having an unstable branch for bugs, but all the nightly builds do is keep players like myself not interested annoyed with the slower-than-snail development progress while alienating us from whatever in god's name the devs are even doing.So, until Chucklefish starts getting on an actual, progressive, and transparent update system, the thought of this game is too headache-inducing for me to even begin considering to recommend. And I'm normally quite lenient with recommending games."
,Not Recommended,211820,12264802,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,KQLY,"look, I read the reviews, ""chuckle said release would be in 13, but its 2015!""its true, terraria has a bigger, nicer team, with a better game with 4x the content, and 6x the speed (not even joking), but i never really expected anything once beta cam out. I was following since kickstarter. beta dropped, and it was... it was terrible. I lost all hope then.  even now, it still has a third the content terraria has. Don't get me wrong, it has potential, but im not ever buying early access from chuckle, or yeti trunk again."
76561198045331291,Not Recommended,211820,12291737,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,kjkim98105,No stable updates in months
76561198024975506,Recommended,211820,8446009,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aedo,swaggy♥♥♥♥♥♥right hurr brah
,Recommended,211820,7982340,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Ardith Prime,"It's a great game, though very buggy. i'd reccomend it, but it needs updating. considerring it's a beta though people have to wait a little to get everything they wantr. I'd say buy it but be wary. it's still unfinished and it'll probably change alot as it progresses"
,Recommended,211820,8934332,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,♂ Maiye✨,It's basically just Terraria... IN SPAAAAACE!
76561198180485627,Recommended,211820,33965005,Posted: 1 August,all,Undeadclans,Really Good ive had the game for a long time its upgraded alot its amazing you should get it!
,Recommended,211820,8403359,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Montananinja,It is a good space exploration/survival game
,Recommended,211820,9394054,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Phenomonox,This game is utterly amazing with how many items you can craft and all of the place you can go and be.  I would reccomend to anybody who liked Terraria even a little bit.. A different experience every time and you can go to hundreds of thousands worlds.  I make a starbound a must buy and its still in early access so they can only add to the amazing world that is starbound.  So why dont you do yourself a favor and get this game that came out because it's honestly a try for all.
76561197963303516,Recommended,211820,8649282,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,-ßЯҢ- Slash [DG],Game is fun on a bun
76561198102299498,Recommended,211820,33568833,Posted: 15 July,all,ᵿrion §ȶridℇ,"massive sandbox game with a decent story in it, recommended for people who love huge sandbox games"
76561198044721197,Recommended,211820,10401054,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,M3R,"Very fun game, in my opinion, it beats Terraria, But that is my opinion, this game is really fun and has lots of cool features, Yes, it does need alot more work, but it's in the early stages, if you go to google and search ""Road map to the stars Starbound"" it will tell you what they are working on, and what is being improved. The servers need more work, way to laggy, but other than that it is a very fun game! Has over 30 different armors weapons, and you can go on your own space ship and travel to different solar systems and planets where other players online might be at! The worlds look amazing, trees have physics, meaning if you chop one down, it falls like a real tree would in real life! The game has a quest line and a very friendly interaction system so it can teach new people how to play. It does have a day and night cycle, along with weather, so like rain and acid rain, acid rain, from what i'v experienced, only happens on some planets, the acid rain does hurt you if you are caught in it. If you look at the back story of this game, this was created by a same producer of terraria, I really encourage you to get this game, yes it needs work but other than that its a real fun game! There is so many more features that i have not listed in this review but if you buy the game you can find out for your self!"
,Recommended,211820,27006449,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fishlick,11/10 would get spawncamped on public server again
76561198015436270,Recommended,211820,8037397,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Inclemence,You combine Minecraft and Terraria (2 fantastic games) and you get this brilliant game! It's definitely worth the money so GO GET THIS GAME!
,Recommended,211820,12283256,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Mavik,"This game is the game I've always hoped for, a Sci-Fi sandbox. Granted, there are others that fit that description, but none of them are on the same level as this. You'll be addicted within minutes, plus the background music is supurb. Try it out, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,211820,8003805,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Waddle Dee,its such a fun game its liek terraria in SPAAAAAACE
76561198306338985,Recommended,211820,32121583,Posted: 1 June,all,The1RealDeadpool,"Better than Terraria/Minecraft/No Man's Lie (Sky)Now, the Interesting part.Starbound is a 2D adventure sandbox game. It's about exploring various planets and a descent story doing... Well, various things on them, like:Building bases (And getting NPC's to rent them)HuntingFarmingSearching for fossilsKilling everything on sightGoing into dungeonsPlaying music with in-game instrumentsMods (which can be a pain if you are trying to create one but with the right guidence you can do it)SpaceShipsPlanet exploringStory QuestSide-QuestAnd many more things that can also be done with friends!The game also has procedurally generated weapons and creatures, some of them hostile and some not.But, it has its cons:The story isn't the best oneThe AI is a little dumb at timesBugs (Not the catchable in-game flying things, the errors)Also, there's a nice official wiki:http://starbounder.org/Starbound_WikiAnd here is the devblog:http://playstarbound.com/category/news/If you read all this, you deserve a RewardAWESOMENESS!"
,Recommended,211820,8698381,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,GamerRat_Deck,"This is incredible. Vast enviroments, intelligent NPCs, good crafting systems, and endless worlds to discover. And to think this is the 1st phase... keep it up! I definitely reccomend this to anyone who likes survival exploration type games."
76561198071088703,Recommended,211820,10462834,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cit,"I bought this game 1) Because most of my friends had it and 2) I'm a big fan of terraria. Starbound is a great game and I highly recommend anyone who has ever played Terraria to buy it. You can choose a species that's way better than humans and are sent to a variety of different planets all with unique inhabitants and strange wheather patterns. Buy it and you'll see how great it is, can't wait until it's out of beta."
76561198009588465,Recommended,211820,25334032,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Junyrmint,"I can't really think of any downside to Starbound. It's so much fun. Characters are so well-made (and adorable), exploration is fun, crafting is straightforward, and quests keep it from getting boring. Collecting things to decorate your ship or buildings is also pretty fun. It's so cool that it's multiplayer as well. It's just a great game, I definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,211820,9804554,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,latchet5,"THIS GAME IS TONS OF FUNNuff said, everyone should play it, think of it as better terraria"
76561198094510583,Recommended,211820,8673181,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Shellnanigans,Cosmo-Lishious
,Recommended,211820,8244496,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,נιησνα,"Even though it's still in beta, this game is super fun and there is a lot to do even after all of the bosses are defeated."
,Recommended,211820,9213173,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,SaucyShire,"Much progress since release. Even during release it was very enjoyable. The mod community is extremely active and can help change the experience in different ways. Vanilla is still fun, however, thanks to mods I can run about playing my violin (vanilla) playing my favorite castlevania music (mod).It's Terraria on steroids in space, also it is harder than hard. You will never not die."
,Recommended,211820,31431888,Posted: 28 April,all,Ducktective WITH REAL CANE SUGAR,"Ran a slave camp,10/10"
76561198277235570,Recommended,211820,33986099,Posted: 2 August,all,Calvinnycum,This game is amazing it never gets boring. It's a little stressful at first but then once you get good it's an outstanding game. I totally recommend it if your looking for a challenge and adventure.
76561198054794327,Recommended,211820,29812089,Posted: 9 February,all,Mr.Quaker,"""The story, fun, creative universe, and multiplayer engaged game is more than enough to keep you busy for a lifetime and some more!""  9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8967951,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Small Lebowski,I LOVE THIS GAME
76561198072331775,Recommended,211820,19314246,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Stomps,Like Terraria in the future. Have friends and it's tons of fun.
,Not Recommended,211820,8030713,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Bitchmunk,"Definitely Not Yet.I have dropped my review to a thumbs-down because this number of character and world wipes in a paid beta is absurd. I keep pouring hours into this game, only to have to do it all over again and again and again with only minor changes? Where is the content these patches should have given us? Chucklefish should really get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together before charging us $15 for a game in such early development. I will give this game a thumbs-up again as soon as they justify this shaky development process with a more polished interface and more content.The game is not unenjoyable really. I did find an underground high-tech warren of autonomous robots who look like they're straight out of 1960's scifi, so cheers! But that is about the only npc encounter I've had besides the random one-man hut with a person in it who has one line to say. Exploration feels hollow because, despite planets having different flora, fauna, and terrain, these procedurally generated elements seem repetitive after a while. The universe does not feel alive, it feels constructed. It seems like procedural generation is less impressive than a fixed universe with real planet names, real people and places and events.The crafting system requires use of ""pixels"", a currency which is used not only to purchase items from npcs but also to pay in part for the items you craft. i.e. you can't build things out of the materials you spent time mining unless you have enough money to buy it. Although this is not the case for simpler items (like bandages, torches, rope), any items of higher caliber require it. The 3D printer is a nice idea, but I'd much rather be able to simply find these items and craft them myself than have to print them.One of my biggest gripes is that the ship cannot be changed. Maybe with mods, but I tend not to count those as part of the actual game, any more than I would count DLC as part of a base game. I wouldn't mind being able to add rooms to my vessel, or new technology, weapons, color. I know I can change the walls and hang pictures or whatever, but that's immaterial compared to being able to add more space to store my belongings.Overall, Starbound seems to lack the focus of Terraria. It incorporates some of the best elements of that game and some of the worst. And there is a certain lack of logic to the game which I find unnerving: Why am I using medieval craftware if I arrived on a spaceship? Why does my ship burn coal to travel to other star systems? Why am I finding the same elements on every single planet? Why do robots need to eat or breathe? How do all of these planets have life forms on them?I think adding a logical scifi-esque element would give the game a little more focus, just as a magical questing element lent direction to Terraria.When Chucklefish finishes the game, it may be worth its cost. Until then, wait for it to go on sale."
76561197970246310,Not Recommended,211820,8048896,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Toolman,"Game just completely fails to work. In the forums it says to just wait it out. After an hour nothing had happened..... Needless to say, very disappointed! It is in early beta, but before going to beta you'd think that everyone would at least be able to launch it! Needs a fix done fast as it is losing credability in my eyes."
76561197980102509,Not Recommended,211820,8105402,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Seif,"I wanted to like this game, I'm a huge Terraria fan.  I recognize that it's basically in Alpha.  However, it was painful to play this.  I started out equally confused in Terraria, but it came together, had a normal pace of action, and was self explanatory.  This game was just dull.  After an hour, I only kept playing because what Terraria had shown me could potentially happen in this game.  Overall, it may have something later in the game, but I couldn't wade through the dull points early on to actually see the late game.  Don't reccomend, and wish I could refund.Lastly, not impressed with the art style, and that's coming from a 2d, SNES era bigtime fan."
76561198035817490,Not Recommended,211820,8414494,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Billy The Cunt,10/10 ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥GAME I HATE IT SET THE BUILDING ON FIRE
76561198046916816,Not Recommended,211820,8813232,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,MartinMight,"on the starbound launcher there is no launch button, complete waste of time, money, effort and memory. Do not recommend this game to anyone."
,Not Recommended,211820,9086296,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Alen Neths,"Ready to get your monitor♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You bet you are! Get ready to put that thing in a box and send it for repairs, cause oh boy you'll be doing it often with this zillion refresh-the-bloody-rain rate!"
76561197970374231,Not Recommended,211820,9099900,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,john,"Not going to Nerd Rage about it - but if you have a Mac, don't buy this game until the current Crash Bug at startup is sorted out, as it means many Mac users can't play it AT ALL at this point. Me included."
,Not Recommended,211820,9240512,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ohernia,Still crashes on start up on my mac useing steam
,Not Recommended,211820,9269354,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Soul inside the machine,"the game seems fun and i have watched other people play but the current build does not support changing ur keys so if u use ur left hand for ur mouse it gets difficult to control this game, in future builds i hope that allow u to customize ur keys otherwise i feel i will have wasted my money on this game"
,Not Recommended,211820,9347178,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Extreme Jenga,"It's fun but then it gets boring after awhile.The ""story"" is a joke, you run away from home, you lose all you're fuel and then have to get more fuel so you can do what you where already were doing running away trying to find a place you would like to call home.The ""quests"" are just tutorials for those who never played Minecraft or Terraria.If you play(ed) terraria. Just stick to that, it's basicly the same but more crap, no pausing, and the bosses are a joke."
,Not Recommended,211820,9579631,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,crepe fingers,"Get this game if you enjoy tendonitis.Apart from the pretty graphics, this game can go ♥♥♥♥ itself.I regret having purchased it, I regret sinking 40 hours or so in AFTER the patch that is supposed to fix the need for character or universe wipes and then losing almost everything I had painstakingly mined. I regret that I had to mine at all, as the developers put a nifty tool known as the matter manipulator or whatever in from the start, which promptly is overshadowed by a rock on the end of a stick, as far as gathering resources goes.I enjoyed the game for what it was when I got it. Half a year has passed and I simply don't trust the game not to ♥♥♥♥ me over. When I bought Starsuck, I went in realizing that it was unfinished and that I would have to put up with wipes for a bit. Then came the patch that was supposed to stop all of that and it may as well have been a wipe. My♥♥♥♥♥is practically raw by this point and no patch will fix that.Play Terraria or Minecraft, pass on this♥♥♥♥♥♥until it is worth something, and even then, wait for it to be cheap, as currently, it isn't worth much.Update multiple years later upon full release: still ♥♥♥♥ing awful."
,Not Recommended,211820,10243700,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,dudicon,"The developers lied about deadlines. They guaranteed the game would be done in 2013. When criticized by their user base they get defensive, make excuses, and call the user base stupid and ignorant. In it's current state there is very little to do and you will be bored after a day or two of play."
,Not Recommended,211820,10293454,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,SaK-o-WaK,"This game looked really good. The soundtrack and the idea. A open space to fly my ship around and then stop at planets to harvest materials and visit towns and fight MOBS.Well, what I got was a tedious nightmare. It is like minecraft but less visual appealing. Yeah, less. It puts me to sleep. In Minecraft, I have limitations but they are not built into the game. Starbound is bound to limit your creative energy.Oh, its also too hard for me. In the beginning, I expect some direction but instead I am thrown into a game without instruction or idea of what my overall goal is.Early access or not. It is crap.I am also seeing a trend with these early access games. They are like games that couldn't be completed on a budget so they get people to pay for it but since the production sucks then no budget will ever save this game. Trashware that copies from other games and mixes genres that didn't need mixing. Sorry guys. I know you work on these games but I feel like I got ripped off."
76561198059187128,Not Recommended,211820,8665025,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mr. Caids,To start off the game wasn't that good for me it just wasn't my kind of game there was vary little story the grapics were bad and I found a lot of bugs in the game.
76561198072578678,Not Recommended,211820,8813073,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,lilei2626,Have to pay for server. Didn't know. Even playing in a free public server everyone has shaped the world.
,Not Recommended,211820,9823968,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Jαspαααr,"Starbound has the potential to be great... potential. For now at least, the foretold nearly daily updates have evaporated taking much of the hype with them. If you haven't bought it already then wait for the full release, whenever that may be..."
,Recommended,211820,8792689,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Greenaxe,Possibly one of the best games i have ever played
76561197973438797,Not Recommended,211820,8819113,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Freelancer,I have very high hopes for this game.. but it sucks in every aspect except music when compared to terraria right now. Wait for a more complete build if you can help it.
,Not Recommended,211820,8860647,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Fortissimo,"Dont get me wrong but I love the game I just hate the CONSTANT whipes they do with everything! I DO NOT recomend this game until it IS DONE!!!  Untill then I advise to walk away untill the game is done. But it is a very fun game and I enjoy myself when I'm not♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at an update. The Story (so far) Is great The Items are perfect (Except the instraments That needs to be fixed.... still -.- ) and the fact of many worlds is in one save is Lovely (if i can keep them for more than 2 updates). Hopefully when its done it will be a better game than it is now, but untill then... walk away."
,Recommended,211820,9138009,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Heretical Humanoid,"Fantastic game! the superior crossing of minecraft and terraria. with your own spacship and infinite planets! check out the mods tough! you can get giant ships, even skyrim races!http://www.nexusmods.com/starbound/?"
76561198030745811,Not Recommended,211820,9649831,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,nar,"Movement keys are hard-coded WASD, so if you're left handed you're screwed. Ridiculous that the developer has not at the absolute very least provided a config file that could be edited by hand to repair this problem. Negative 9 million stars out of 10 + 6 thumbs down and a frowny face."
76561198035609313,Not Recommended,211820,9865899,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,"""The Best at Smash Bros""","Honestly i can't recomend this game at it's current state, It seems fun at the begining and that is what will cause good reviews but play for another 10 minutes or atleast at the 3rd sector and it becomes repedative and it's like slaping yourself 10 times"
,Not Recommended,211820,9940474,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,TopDeckRNG,"*EDIT*Im writing this about a month after my initail playthrough of starbound. While the game is fun at first after the first few weeks, the formula gets old and repetitive, after a while it gets boring growing more and more powerful, especially since the ore variety in this game is far larger than that of any other game ive played. It gets to the point where after youve beaten all the bosses all you have left to you is exploring new planets, which gets boring fast. Some may argue that multiplayer makes it better, however with no official servers up to my knowedge, your left to port forwarded servers, and even then multiplayer is hilariously unbalanced and even broken, i experienced problems like features such as setting a home on my starmap being disabled, ships getting stuck in an endless warp jump and so on. And multiplayer is so unbalanced its not even fun, if your friend is one boss ahead of you and is helping you out on your planet, it isnt fun at all. They absoultely wreck every mob on your tier of planet and for some reason starbound has some problem with drop pickup, where no matter what if a player more powerful then you is nearby they pick up whatever item you just mined regardless. That isnt to say that starbound doesnt have its good moments, it just gets so old so fast.Great game. The few errors i noticed would probobly be the sometimes confusing menu navigation and a slightly more complicated crafting system then what it needs to be. I primarily play on multiplayer mode where i have a lot of fun with my friends exploring new planets, the game really feels like your exploring a new universe with each planet having different biome types and even different gravity levels! constant threats like asteroid fields and cold make it so that choosing a habitable planet is vital. The chest placement is random but it is more common than say in minecraft and you usually can find some neat things in them (weapons armor lights or instruments usually)For a game still in early access it plays great"
76561198200804158,Recommended,211820,25280393,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,びんびんごはんケーキ,This game wasn't sold on lies like one certain game that went by a very similar formula
,Not Recommended,211820,8086090,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,SuperMarkioMan,not ready
76561198006044991,Not Recommended,211820,9072734,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,A Cool Fez,"Starbound is infinitely better in concept than execution. After hours of setting my own goals to achieve, and hours of mind numbing digging and grinding, I remembered that I already own a copy of both Minecraft and Terraria, and despaired at my squandering of $20. You can argue that the game isn't completed, but my rebuttle would be that the game is just about as refined as a side-scrolling sandbox can be; which is to say that it is clunky and awkward, and just about no fun at all."
76561198254762068,Recommended,211820,29961496,Posted: 16 February,all,SkeletonHunter96,After 100+ hours in this game i think its safe to write a review this game is everything that space exploration should be interesting spieces loads of planets to explore awesome loot to collect and so much more I love Starbound and I hope the Devs keep adding cool things to a game i already came to know and love.
76561197967577418,Recommended,211820,8233089,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Smokin',"For anyone that enjoys games like Terraria or Minecraft this is a must play. The depth of content and the procedural-generation of this game destroy any notions of finality. Dont let it's 2-D nature fool you, this game truly captures the expansiveness of a space-travel based game and provides a engrossing level of freedom and exploration. It has been the perfect, low-demand source of entertainment ive looked for in games of it's genre. An amusing way to pass the time.***BE WARNED: This is still a BETA! Be prepared to have bugs and things like invenetory losses at patch. Progression, tutorials and Quests need some polishing, but all things in good time.***Do yourself a favor, do not let this dissuade you from buying this immensly enjoyable game."
76561197982949640,Not Recommended,211820,8308040,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Black Beard,"It's legos in space. There's no point in playing the game, because nothing you do matters. All the ores are the same, all the planets are the same, and all the monsters are the same. The lazy devs haven't updated the game in 8 months.Do not believe Tiy's lies."
,Not Recommended,211820,8492853,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,cheese friendo,"It's terraria, but less mature."
,Not Recommended,211820,8955408,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Chippss,"This game is not worth the $15. I think it is exactly like a♥♥♥♥♥♥version of terraria. If the game was worth only $5, then I would say yes, but now, it really isn't worth it. The world exploration is bland, with not enough items and blocks to go all out and build something amazing. Although planets look different, they all have the same bland concept. DIfferent colored trees and grass, but still nothing to do but dig ores maybe meet some villagers."
76561198068145161,Not Recommended,211820,8991850,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Conner,I've played alot of games and this is one of the worst by far. So much hype for a cheap terraria ripoff. Not worth my $15
76561198048493098,Not Recommended,211820,9005910,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,WILLIAM HACHE MACY'S DAY PARADE,10/10 paying for the privilege to test some hipster's tararia clone
,Not Recommended,211820,10620074,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Saify,Disgusting
,Recommended,211820,10848055,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Portable Shoebox,"Really addicting game with unique planets and vast amounts of things to do.When buying the early access to this game, i expected a game like terraria (2D mine-build-survive game) but i was surprised how much different it was on what the game containedTo lovely characters to different zoned planets, it has so much to offer that you cant get bored easily. Really recommend this game if you are looking for a chill game thats similiar to terraria or minecraft.(Edited preview due to little brother making a lame small preview)"
76561198081792159,Not Recommended,211820,8859729,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ChubbyMcStrudelBoy,this game suck my player just got deleted im never going to play this game again
,Not Recommended,211820,9066430,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,lumpystumps,"Oh look you deleted my save again, fantastic, its not like I spent hours getting there or anything."
,Not Recommended,211820,9732798,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,doma,"The potential for this game is great, but there is lack of something like excitement. The problem comes from 'combat'."
,Not Recommended,211820,10170140,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,el_patron,"Game had a lot of potential. But the developers are too busy playing with their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. Bought this game more than a year ago on early acces and its still the same game. No progression/ upgrades / hardly any variation in planets / no quests/ bosses are lackluster and boring.Another early acces game gone down the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Dont buy this game, its going nowhere."
,Not Recommended,211820,10303748,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,MS19,"I guess this game just isn't quite my cup of tea. No tutorial, very confusing, and quite difficult starting off."
,Recommended,211820,8557570,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,a duck,Really fun game on multi-player but a little slow single-player.
,Recommended,211820,8085078,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Katauni,"Welcome to Space, and cave Spelunking.Terraria in Space is an understatement. This game stands on it's own (Even en early beta) as a marvelous, beautoful and mond-blogglingly massive space oddessy.I feel like im not even playing a Beta, that's how amazing this game is. Every detail, from the lighting effects to the pixel colors on certain trees in one of the endless planets to the specialized weapons.I love this game, and when it's out of early access it's going to shine brighter than the stars it visits.If you like Terraria, Minecraft, or Space Engineer, this game is a must have.If not.... Get it anways."
76561198037749352,Recommended,211820,28050353,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Captain Ultramangirl,"Is it as good as Terraria?+ more love visually+ Universe full of Planets+ a Spaceship- fighting was a bit snappier in Terraria- Soundtrack was better too.Is it a good Game?To me yes, but Terraria i like a bit more because of the very responsive combat.Basically yes,  both worth the price i think."
76561198132583131,Recommended,211820,32284193,Posted: 8 June,all,Skydog,Just a suggestion? Could there be a feature to Bookmark planets so we can know where to find our colonies easily?
,Not Recommended,211820,10193314,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ThreeKMafia,its not thant i hate this its just it really wasent anything diffrent of terreia the game proressed to slow and i got bored after awile   of rxploreing planets the gameplay got repedetive and i really donte like when people make a block game just so they can make alot of money however cause this is in early acsess i hope they add more contentpros- fun with a friend- great if you have the time to play- cool buildingcons - lack of content- yet another block game- repedetive gameplay
76561198027464264,Not Recommended,211820,10316206,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,eggmoney,Its♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211820,8566442,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,DSknucklehead,I expected it to be more than it was. It just seems bland to me compared to terraria. Some of the mechanics I prefer on starbound as opposed to terraria but it just isn't as fun for me.
76561197993619373,Not Recommended,211820,8844716,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,george.baez,Fun but gets boring pretty quickly...
,Not Recommended,211820,8987748,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,simon_neil_scott,"Just not fun!You start the game and teleport to a planet, where it rains acid within the first 2 minutes and you die within 10 second if you can't find shelter. You are then chased all over the map by creatures and you have no weapon to fight them. You are told to make a bow out of wood (easy to find) and planet fiber... which I couldnt find.I kept basically dying every 2 minutes because the game is designed against you.It may improve and perhaps different planets are better, but right now.. its just not fun. Ill stick to terraria."
76561198039521463,Not Recommended,211820,9010168,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Christopher,the game is in some serious need of controller functions. it is something that would make or break this game for me as a tester / customer.
,Not Recommended,211820,9121850,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Welderfeatures,"Slow, 2d minecraft. That's essentially all I took away from this. I'm sad to say, but I was bored stiff within the first few minutes.Considering this is in beta now, I'm very, very dissapointed with it's level of polish. I've played early alphas which are better prepped than this thing. There's no tooltips, no keybinding options, and considering its low end graphics, it's laggy as all hell.Oh, and while I'm on about those graphics, there's a difference between retro pixels, and giving your players eye strain. This game doesn't seem to have that difference worked out.Long story short? Not worth Eleven quid. If I could crank back time to before I bought it, I wouldn't even consider paying a fiver for it. Very poor effort. You want some open-world, crafty gaming? Go play Terrarria, or Even Minecraft. You'll appreciate those a lot more."
76561198012854670,Not Recommended,211820,9329805,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,FelCros,"TLDR: It's better than it was in early access. However, if you havent played Terraria, go play that.Having finally been released, I'm nonplussed. The game is much more complete as an experience, and has notably changed in terms of depth and direction. There is now a fairly solid story, as well quests that provide meaning to the random environments you're continually thrown into. However, the gameplay is little changed from early access beta. Combat is still awkward and choppy, monsters seem to have little coherence or diversity, let alone any kind of clear typology or sense of structure or logic, and exploring is still essentially a scramble for settlements and loot. Despite all the improvements, I would still heartily recommend Terraria over this to someone interested in 2d minecraft-alikes (minecraftvanias?).Some ConfusionHow does one review an early access game? Is this an impression, a statement of opinion about the direction in which the game is heading? I am supposed to treat this as a product? It's clearly not, hence the early access tag.In any case, if you haven't played Terraria go play it instead of this. It's cheaper, tighter, more fun and has better netcode, once you work out how to connect to a server. This is just a Terraria world generator with some baseline gear and crafting. The monsters have to be placeholders, as they all look like pokemon and have no biome consistency at all, the worlds are just bottomless terraria maps with random stuff on top, and the gear is very straightforward, consisting of the same suit of armor made of different, better stuff. Its also just as much fun to explore those worlds and stripmine them as it is in Terraria.Having said that, check back in six months. It could be a completely different game, and chucklefish seems to have a clear direction in mind. Odds are version Rabid Wombat or whatever it's called will be a positive change."
,Recommended,211820,30542771,Posted: 16 March,all,Average Swine,"Stairbond is an excellent test of patience. Every update (and the dev cycle is about as convoluted as your average anime, so you never know when it'll update) promises new and exciting features, but the monotany in the game's combat and exploration systems hold this game back from being a masterpiece. The game's 'randomly generated' selling point honestly makes the game less interesting, as all the non unique weapons are like CoD weapons; They're all just variants of a set weapon type. I got this game back when the beta first came out, and even after 1.0 the game still gets stale. I still really enjoy the building in the game, as it is the only part of the game that is really fleshed out, Oh, it also has a story, but it was so forgettable that I couldn't retell it even if my life depended on it.The game fun if you load it with mods from the workshop."
,Not Recommended,211820,9649689,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,JJJ Grand Dacta,The game is good and it isnt even out of beta yet. I cant wait to see what else they do with it.Edit: This game isnt worth buying until it gets some updates.
76561198030320307,Not Recommended,211820,9754227,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Trueblood30,"Several hours into the game now, must say it is rather dissapointing. Combat is sketchy at best, glitches like dissapearing items, game freezes and getting stuck seem common place.At this point its hard to get into the game, even though it does show potential.Steam should check out games better before putting them on sale, especially for the €12 price.Also after checking the forums it seems the game hasnt had any updates for ages, so possibly development has stalled..."
,Not Recommended,211820,9895093,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Staloni Jr.,My game isnt working i tried re-istalling it but nothing is working can somemone please help :(
,Not Recommended,211820,10241957,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,มนากร,Starboundผมขอใช้คำว่าผิดหวังกับเกมนี้เลยก็แล้วกันผมชอบตัวเกม terraria มาก และผมก็หวังไว้กับตัวเกมนี้ไว้สูงมากเหมือนกันแต่ Starbound ไม่ตอบโจทย์ผมเลยซักอย่าง..ผจญภัย? ผมว่ามันไม่เรียกว่าผจญภัย.. มันคือการไปดวงดาวอื่น ๆ ที่ไม่ได้แตกต่างกันเลยซักดวงมอนเตอร์ที่ทำออกมามากมาย.. แต่ผมมองไม่เห็นความต่างของแต่หละตัว.. (มันต่างแค่ลักษณะ)มันไม่มีอะไรดึงดูดให้ไปต่อ.. ผมเล่นไปไกลเหมือนกัน.. ผลที่ได้คือเหมือนเดิม..มอนเตอร์โหดขึ้น ตัวเราก็โหดขึ้น.. ก็โจมตี ๒ ทีตายเหมือนเดิม..เล่นไปก็ไม่มีอะไรเลย.. นอกจากหาแร่ สร้างของ ปล่อยบอส.. แล้วก็ไปด่านต่อไปที่ยากขึ้นหรือปล่าวก็ไม่รู้?รู้สึกแย่ครับ.. ไม่ค่อยมีอะไรดึงดูดในกดเล่นเลยปล. ตัวเกมยังอยู่ในช่วง beta ส่วนตัวได้แต่ภาวนาให้มีการปรับปรุงอะไรที่หน้าสนใจเข้ามา
76561198007188717,Not Recommended,211820,10242375,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Ninethousand,"Big Scam. Advertised features were removed. Now it's just a cheap Terraria clone.----------------------------------------------------------------------------After the ""big long awaited update"":Amazing how this giant update brought basically nothing new, but removed TONS of content.Repairing has been removed from the game, you will constantly have to carry loads of mining tools with you, because the matter manipulator is STILL completely worthless, unless you are mining on a planet that is under your tier. It's impossible to dig on the ""extreme"" planets without tools, at a decent speed.Food is now worthless, Hunger has been removed from the game and the buffs are a joke.Techs are now worthless / just there for progress, nothing but the jump skills affect the gameplay.Wiring is now boring. What happened to those blocks that you can make disappear with wiring? In my whole playthough i only found ONE ""secret trapdoor"" plate, that was like... 3x6... Why can't i make doors out of ship material, that are controlled by levers, anymore?Bosses are a complete joke now. Were there not more bosses in this game before the update? There are 4 Bosses now.  The UFO that has been there since the FIRST public version 5 million years ago, some stupid crystal, that you kill by pulling levers, an extremely weak robot, that doesn't do any damage and just dies to a few gun shots, and... Seriously, i can't even remember... I finished the whole game in less then a day, not even a whole day ago, and ALREADY can't remember the bosses anymore... From the MAYBE 24 hours that i played this, the bosses MAYBE  made up 5 minutes... I had to look up who the bosses were again on google... and yes, apparently there are like TEN bosses, that were kinda... cool, but removed from the game. REALLY excited to see whats behind the mysterious giant door that they want to reveal next update or something like that... Yea, probably the content that we all have already seen...The biggest part of the game now is flying around, and running over the surface of a few hundred planets. THIS is pretty much EVERY QUEST! Every single quest is ""Bring me some item, that only exists in a specific structure, that only spawns on certain planets with a chance of 0.1%. Did i mention that the object also has a spawn rate of like 10% IF the structure gets generated?""I spent probably half of the day that i played, searching for an avian dungeon. Found TWO in the whole time, both didn't have the object that i needed... Did i mention that this is one of the first quest in the game? The quests are so terrible, i didn't even figure out that i SERIOUSLY have to do EVERY LAST QUEST to unlock the WHOLE next tier of quests... So, yes, you HAVE to get that one guy a cool jacket... If you decide that you don't want to craft clothes, because your character is CLEARLY not a tailor, welp, then you just wont get a bigger ship NOR new techs, which are NEEDED to progress... I finished everything besides the non-boss-quest-tiers, without even having the rocket boots.BTW, for everyone who wants to finish the game for whatever reason, there are websites that work against this stupidity, by making new map databases with every new version of the game. Your OS (Win/ Win 64 bit/ Linux) plays an important role. Some websites let you filter for those. Make sure you search for the right OS AND version of Starbound (stupid koala, lazy giraffe, or whatever), but even then there is no guarantee that the game will spawn the structures that you need. Planets with higher spawn chances, seem to have more tumbs up on those websites. Only for the last quest i had to search a long time, after i figured out those websites exist.Game release was like 1 million years ago, according to Steam, and still, the game is a completely boring beta. I literally just played this because i got the building game feever again, and already played every single existing minecraft mod 500 times...I still want my money back. The 200+ hours on my ""counter"" are a lie. I played through the beta 2 times, each in less then a day, and then i spent MAYBE another 12 hours trying to figure out why / that stuff doesn't work... It should be on 50-60 Hours max, and THOSE hours, were NOT fun. THIS is what people used to get payed for. Beta testing...Should be illegal to sell games like this.Advertised content gets removed, game gets worse and worse, it's YEARS past its promised release date... If this was ANYTHING but Steam, this would count as a scam. Where else are you allowed to COMPLETELY lie about the product that you sell? When you order the newest console on amazon, and then they send you a brick, would that be ok? It has none of the features that you wanted, it's completely boring and worthless, but hey... they sent you SOMETHING, so, would THAT be ok too? No! And just like that, this game should be illegal to sell / refundable, or whatever... When i order a clearly described product, on a world scale internet store like amazon or steam, can i then not expect to actually get the thing that i bought? The developers have NO right to take away / not fulfill the things that they promised us, and the argument ""It's their game, they made it, they can do whatever they want!"" is just WRONG... If you think that is right, i hope the guy in your favorite fastfood restaurant, thinks the same thing about the burger he makes... HE is the creator, those are HIS burgers, so he can spit on them as much as he wants! Yes... exactly, this is NOT how it works. They made the game from our money, which they got from making promises to us. In the regards of ""the promised things HAVE to be in the game"" we CAN tell them what they have to do, because that was THEIR promise, to get OUR money, in the first place...I am seriously disgusted by those developers. The game was AWESOME a few years ago, didn't even need any changes. They made some promo videos, that lasted about 30 minutes, and were just awesome... People shooting down a whole forest with 3 machineguns that they started with...WORLD DAMAGE FROM WEAPONS HAS BEEN COMPLETELY REMOVED!That was the ONLY thing that made this game interesting... instead of mining for hours, you just go crazy and shoot stuff! Need some ore? Rocket Launcher!!! Wanna get rid of half the screen? Dynamite!Really wish there was a way to play that version online with others... Is there ANYONE who cares about the 345893th hat in the game? Is all this vanity stuff really woth deleting 90% of the gameplay?So, after playing this game for not even a day, and just barely seeing everything......""New achievement unlocked: Taking Inventory!"""
,Recommended,211820,8409704,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dematrix,even if its still in beta its a really great game it is everything i expected it to be
76561198056569604,Not Recommended,211820,8307066,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,NinjaOnCrack,"Updates delete all your stuff, and you have to keep restarting. Don't waste 15$ if you want all your progress randomly deleted."
,Not Recommended,211820,8842163,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mad Piggers,"Fukkin, don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least until the developers get off their asses and finish it. Even then play it before you buy it."
,Not Recommended,211820,9036818,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ozymandias,"This game is great and has potential, but despite its claim of being in beta, this is most definitely an alpha. Expect character wipes, rampant bugs, crashes, and unfinished content everywhere. Wait for release."
76561198100614592,Not Recommended,211820,9311197,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,darwin,it wont work and i dont know why plz help me i restarted my computer 10 times and it still wont work there go 15 $ :(
76561198039229589,Not Recommended,211820,8283388,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Mikul Keng,♥♥♥♥♥ hard
,Not Recommended,211820,8623678,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,randosity,"When I bought this game 5 or so months ago I was hopeful that it would grow into a good full fledged game. Apparently I was wrong. There hasnt been a major update in months, and it seems the devs are only trying to appear to be working on the game to get a few more sales.Previously I was rating this game based on its potential, so now let me rate it in its current (and final) state. The game seems nice for the first couple hours, but then you will start to recognize a pattern which will make it incredibly boring. All 10 or so levels have basically the same grind for minerals, followed by a new material which you upgrade to its high tech version and then use to make a boss item. It gets really old around the 4th cycle of arbitrarily increasing your numbers.The monsters and worlds seem incredibly similar from region to region, so there really is little reason to bother going to the higher ones that just have higher numbers. The game encourages you to constantly be moving around which stops you from building a nice base if you are trying to progress, which was one of the key things to do in terraria.I would not recomend this game or the dead team pretending to develop it."
76561198068853184,Not Recommended,211820,9000790,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,The Ganglebeast,"It seemed to be a great game, but after the most recent update. I can't get past the character selection screen. I was prepared for bugs, but not game breaking ones that have lasted since December."
,Not Recommended,211820,9660341,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,andywrightness,"Gave this a try because of all my friends that got into it, but, like Terraria, I just can't get into the 2d survival sandbox.  I have loved Minecraft, but sidelong 2d in this genre inevitably frustrates me in terms of finding resources and being able to avoid or defend against enemies.  Too limiting.The multiple planet aspect sounded like it might have been a great addition to the Terraria structure, but I couldn't stick with it long enough to really experience that."
,Not Recommended,211820,10287227,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,justinc92,;oizfdh;udhbdpfuhgvrlubhr poursenot as good as terraria
76561198037469305,Not Recommended,211820,10424065,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,withered_turtle,"This game has not been updated in months, so skip this one until they actually act like they are going to deliver a finished product. I also personally find it awkward fighting a spaceship that constantly spawns tanks and soldiers while I am armed with only a spear and a bow. The difficulty isn't the issue here, as I rather enjoy that fight, but rather the fact that it is a fight that you should not be able to win with such primative weapons; a science fiction game should have more guns. If I wanted to run around with a sword and buckler, I would have purchased the cheaper and more complete Terraria. And yes, there are indeed guns in this game. They just happen to be exceedingly rare and underpowered. Case in point: I drilled into some weird underground building and landed amidst a large group of hostiles with automatic weapons, while I was armed with the aforemention sword and buckler. Despite how outmatched I should have been the shield completly blocked all damage and I was able to defeat them with little difficulty. Thing is, that is yet another fight I should have lost considering I was armed with little more than medieval age crap.Horrendous combat aside there is mining, crafting, base builing, etc. However, it is all rather bland and weirdly linear in feeling. Terraria also does all of these things, has combat that does not feel absurd, and is $5 cheaper. Again, do not bother; I wish I hadn't."
76561198052142340,Recommended,211820,29721550,Posted: 5 February,all,Kaamalauppias,"You can't get bored thanks to the amazing mod support, and how easy it is to make mods yourself.Without mods this game would be quite boring though, the storyline and missions are horrible in my opinion."
76561198042068917,Not Recommended,211820,8037476,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Illum,Bugs
76561198045058253,Not Recommended,211820,8082145,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Haxxor,"This game in it's current state in not playable. Save your money and check back in a few months. Random crashing, graphic glitches, takes a solid 10 minutes to load on start, laggy, can't rebind any keys, ect ect ect."
76561197968502502,Recommended,211820,8560432,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,MagicPants,"Its what I wanted Terraria to be.with Races, options and huge content in early access, and better aesthetics than Terraria its a must have."
76561197979484774,Not Recommended,211820,8653532,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Vengeance,This is about as alpha as you can get. Constant crashes with lost data will leave your game world gone. Just getting the game to start is a PITA.
76561197976882474,Not Recommended,211820,8848605,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sean,Don't buy it until it is finished.
,Not Recommended,211820,8884420,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Completely Anus,Can't remap controls.  Who the hell jumps with spacebar?
,Not Recommended,211820,9269037,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Macquarrie,"There is one thing bad about the game. Nothing is driving you forward. Thats the reason why I don't like it. Also, the loading screen sometimes never loads."
,Not Recommended,211820,9366412,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Put More Dogs In Space,Not worth $14.99. Game is an OK clone of a multitude of other games. Early access = beta. Maybe wait for the game to be polished before trying it. Gets boring fast at this stage.
76561198094198438,Not Recommended,211820,9489570,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Unknown,I just bought the game and I was really excited until I ran into a problem. The problem was that I couldn't even open the game without it unexpectedly quitting. This really ticked me off because I just wasted 15 dollars on a game that doesn't even open! I've tried it hundres of times on it already and it still doesn't work! Don't waste your money on this game until it updates and starts working!
,Not Recommended,211820,9609460,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Breadman,"The key word to this being a good game is time. It is currently a good game but there needs to be more stuff atm, and I hope the devs pick up the pace soon. Only buy if you can't hold in your excitement anymore."
,Not Recommended,211820,8242211,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Spirit of the Walrus,"Chucklefish is a shining example of what is wrong with Early Access games.  They made their money, and instead of finishing what they started they bought a new office, moved multiple people to a new country and started working on new projects.  What was a promising game now leaves a sour taste in the mouths of many because of their horrible management of this project."
76561198080171703,Not Recommended,211820,8826311,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TheNarrator,#cantrunit
76561198061067560,Not Recommended,211820,8977855,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Ebi,"I had high hopes for this game. The keyword is had. With a new quest system, new classes, and space, I thought it would be good. I was wrong. The lag I got upon entering was new, as this never happened with Terraria. It took me six tries to even get off the starting ship, as it would just teleport me right back. I was greeted by a lovely pool of poison as my starting ground, and a welcoming party from a dungeon literally a few blocks to the left. Finally escaping that, I had to search through the jumbles of menus to find my quest. I had a horrible time collecting the materials, but when got them, I went through the confusing crafting menu, and made the first item. That was as much as I could stand before I shut the game off. I know it's in early alpha, but if it's out on the market it should be playable. Sure, the concept is good, but the execution was off. For it's current cost, I wouldn't buy it until it has some major improvements. Maybe after a few updates, it will be playable for me. Until then, not so much."
76561198084436096,Not Recommended,211820,8993701,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,maxdawe,Simply epic.
,Not Recommended,211820,9174239,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ディラン,"if you own a Mac, don't buy this game yet. The game does not work. It keeps telling me to turn on steam overy-lay (it's on), and then freezes up on the loading screen. I have followed all sorts of tutorials and non have worked. I have OS Maverick. This game looks great so hopefully they get this fixed!"
,Recommended,211820,8686897,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Oka™,"This game is going to be phenomenal! It's already insanely addictive and fun. And don't let anyone tell you it's ""basically terraria"" because it's not. Yes, it has some similar mechanics, but the numerous improvements, scope and list of future additions make for a brand new experience well worth the play time. This is nothing short of Indie creation done right!"
76561198007406171,Not Recommended,211820,9276043,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,ThaPumpkinKing,"Starbound does not support an xbox 360/gamepad controller. It doesnt seem to be a big issue for everyone who is posting glowing reviews, but it renders it unplayable for me until it does. I see the purest commenting that using a controller is awkward and would take a serious adjustment, and I feel exactly the same way about a keyboard and mouse for game like this.I'll adjust my review when/if the feature is added."
76561198069098818,Not Recommended,211820,9408211,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,(PCT)Yamez,if you do not like terraria DO NOT GET THIS GAME unless on sale :P
,Recommended,211820,8201652,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bribro15 my name is,This game is well worth the money. I have spent hours with my friends playin the game and it just keeps getting better and better!
,Recommended,211820,8379188,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Xzodus08,"It looks like a promising game, its still much too unpolished to cost $15 to beta test it. Too many of the items have placeholder details. The game lacks any direction, most do not even realize how to leave the starting planet (coal is your spaceship fuel) or how to proceed in the game without looking up someone elses experience on the internets. The UI is cumbersome, there is no way to split stacks to a wanted number... the only viable method is to halve a stack, but if you're looking to give someone 30 out of 1000 stack, you might start getting irritated. Using tables/workbenches/storage insist on poping up mid screen and will not remember where you've dragged and placed them to. REGENERATING HP IS HORRIBLE, Nearly lost all your hp in the last fight? Better pull out a bed and AFK for 5 minutes. There is no reasonable way to regen hp without using consumeables.It has great potential, but it is just not there yet, and requires the love only a mother could have for a son to be content with this rusty beta."
,Recommended,211820,29079170,Posted: 6 January,all,Am I 🅱️eing Detained?,"To the people comparing this game to Terraria, I really don't get it. I tried Terraria a long time ago and absolutely hated it. I think it was mostly the 2D aspect of the game but I got past it in Starbound because this game is absolutely consuming my life. I haven't been able to put it down because I love it so much. I don't have any other game to compare it to because I've never played anything like it. I guess comparing it to No Man's Sky is good? It has all of the infinite planet exploration in that game but so much more. Intricate base building that involves colonizing planets and getting tenants to live in buildings and pay rent, a story that actually fits great into the game to the point where you don't have to pick between exploration or the main story because they are intertwined, and a crafting system that really works well. I would reccommend this game to anyone with a computer capable of running it, which is most computers."
,Recommended,211820,30988712,Posted: 6 April,all,SuperSonicKid64,"Starbound is an excellent sandbox-survival game where you can travel the galaxy. There's a ton of stuff to do, and it's made even more fun when you play it with your friends. From building, to mining, to exploration, and the main story itself as well, this game is a great experience to be had. I have experienced some glitches, but keep in mind that as of the time i'm typing this, the game is still being updated. Other than that, it's a whole lot of fun and I highly recommend it."
76561198171128682,Recommended,211820,24473167,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BearSammich,9/10Fun game with lots of things to do with minor glitches or bugs if you are looking for a game that you can play for hours on end this is the game for you.
,Recommended,211820,8929633,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Mr. Electric,its 2 cool
76561198324697773,Recommended,211820,34086422,Posted: 7 August,all,Poopity,this game is godamn amazing
76561198220563379,Recommended,211820,28676009,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Cheese Nibbla,What I did in my first playthrough:Downloaded Halo modMade mrk IV armourmade ARFound out im invinsible to all attacks10/Cheese would troll bosses again
,Recommended,211820,33487140,Posted: 12 July,all,TheFrosted1,"I originally didn't care for this game.  Only recently I decided to pick it up again, and I can say with certainty that it was a greaty decision.When people first see Starbound, they probably find that it ""looks like Terraria.""  I thought this myself, but after experiencing a decent portion of what it has to offer, I come to the conclusion that while it holds its similarites, Starbound is vastly different from your classic Terraria.  Starbound has great, atmospheric music.  It would almost feel out of place if it weren't for the overall emotion and experience of the game.Starbound has plenty of quests, all of which are optional and not required to explore and create within your given universe.  The main story quests are awesome, although the redunancies of scanning gets old and simply unchallenging.  As seen as you break past this barrier, the bosses and dungeons are creative, challenging, and engaging.  It all fits into the culture and beliefs of the respective race's dungeon and boss. The story was great, and I really enjoyed beating up those cultists.I was quite dissapointed when there was no Novakid contribution to the main story whatsoever.  The race's design and uncharted culture was so intrigiuing that I really wanted to be able to experience its portion of the universe.  It'd be really great if at some point that was added.The planets are diverse, yet there could definitely be more variety.  The same applies for side and NPC Quests.  I found myself wanting more in most aspects of this game, whether it be more racial tier armor sets, weapons, enemies, or biomes and planets.You really get to live whatever lifestyle you wish in this game, which is really unique.  You can be an intergalactic landlord, take on farming and agriculture for some extra money, or just hop from planet to planet, star to star, leaving a trail of destruction in your wake.Overall, I love this game."
76561198104088466,Recommended,211820,31947281,Posted: 25 May,all,Red Hunter,"I've played starbound for a since september last year and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun and addicting, I tried to get through the story so i could focus on other things but noooooooo of course other things get in the way and decide to interrupt and i then proceeded to build a village and collect gear sets.This game is great 10/10 would get distracted again"
,Recommended,211820,8917147,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Vanquish999,"Good game so far, bit like some other finding it hard need someone to show me the ropes -.-"
,Recommended,211820,8009399,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ham,"Even for a very early beta this game boasts great moderately paced gameplay and widely diverse environments and creatures. There are quite a few bugs however, and it is unusually heavy on CPU, to the point it has made other applications crash. (albeit my system isn't the best) While starting out can be rather harsh I have every confidence that the ChuckleFish will bring this already near perfect game to be the highest bar on games of a similar genre.Only two real Criticisms about the game so far. One, the dropped items despawn wicked fast, can't be much longer than a minute before poof. Two, the game appears, at glance, to be akin to MineCrafts worst idea ever, Internal servers for single player instances."
,Not Recommended,211820,28247144,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Call of Duty Ghosts,"Why are you in the Negative reviews, BUY THE F#!*(% GAME ALREADY"
76561198141155053,Recommended,211820,30159389,Posted: 24 February,all,DAB ON THE HATERS,"Game would be better if there was less lag but i think from what ive heard you guys are working on that? I however wish the game had more choices, especially when it came to the main storyline and there was more diversity to the planets. As well as villages of species would only show up on certain planets (like glitches are only on magma and lava planets and florans are only on jungle or savannah etc.). It also feels a little dissapointing that the race you play as is merely cosmetic but I can somewhat understand why you went with that. It just feels like there are a lot of changes that could make the game great.However, I overall had a wonderful experience! My friend and I have been addicted to this game since we bought and it's very enjoyable. Even during school time this game is almsot all we think and talk about. The game is very fun and enjoyable! :)."
,Recommended,211820,31291431,Posted: 22 April,all,PortalFern,"Amazing so far, great retro style, yet its modern at the same time, it definetly has a place in my heart."
76561198277769703,Recommended,211820,34311195,Posted: 17 August,all,W3sl3y,An amazing game
76561198125088111,Recommended,211820,34384872,Posted: 20 August,all,hellmist,"YES. id love to see a mobile version, id buy it on my both of my phones."
,Recommended,211820,33800710,Posted: 25 July,all,Lestibournes,"This game is Terraria meets Stargate.If you enjoy Terraria type games, and you enjoy a Sci-Fi setting, you really shouldn't still be reading this, you should have already purchased this game."
,Recommended,211820,32601217,Posted: 20 June,all,Bunne,"You get to fly through space in a train as a man whose made up of star matter and dressed up as a cowboi while trying to save the world from an evil monster. What more could you ask?aside from the massive lag you'll get from playing this overtime and to the recent hard nerf to the endgame armor, this game is pretty amazing"
76561198119419833,Not Recommended,211820,16488488,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The360FR34K,"BETA REVIEW:Starbound is a wonderfully, magnificent game. Starbound is a game where you can choose your species, design your character, and then destroy entire worlds because you want some fuel for your ship. It's Genocide SImulator: 2013. You spawn onto your world for the first time, and you decide to get a simple establishment going so that you can survive. But after a short while of playing you've built your small establishment into a giant building or set of buildings and have killed thousands of the natural inhabitants. You decide to go adventuring into the unknown universe and that's when you happen to come across a village. What do you do? Murder them all, murder every single one of them. And this is why I enjoy this game so much, because no other game lets me destroy the universe because I'm bored. 9/10BIG UPDATE REVIEW:A long time has passed since this review has posted. The devs didn't update this game for an extremely long time, and that was a problem. There was a large amount of hype towards the ""big update"" when they announced it. That update ruined this game. Now the whole purpose of the game is to complete ""missions"" for people and to conquer certain buildings or whatever. This makes the game way too linear, forcing you to do specific things to further advance in the game. One thing that made this game great was the fact I could go wherever when I wanted to, I could just destroy random planets. The update made it so it was highly linear and you had to do these tedious tasks in order to upgrade your ship enough to leave the solar system. I enjoyed this game a lot, but the updates completely changed that. 4/10.FULL RELEASE REVIEW:It's been a long time I last updated this review. I saw the final release was coming out, and I was excited. I was hoping that they had fixed some of the problems I had with it. They didn't fix a thing. What they did was make it worse. The entire story is boring, lame, pointless. It makes the game feel extremely linear, repeptitive, dull, just overall lackluster. The only way to progress through anything is by completing dull missions that have no real meat behind them. They're dull and repetitive. The armour and weapon progression is the same way. You get these materials to craft things to get to new planets to get new stuff to craft more things to go to even newer planets. It's the same thing over and over again. I was hoping that they would add something that gave this game some replay value, or just something that didn't make it repetitive. The plot is the entire focus with things you can do to distract yourself. Like building a home, pointless, your ship can do that all. Pets, crew, useless. They even got rid of some of the customization that made it nice. Different races have the same weapons now, the tiers are the exact same weapons so you can't decide anything. You can't choose to make a dagger or a sword or an axe like you could before. If you want a new tier weapon, you have to get that one type. It's ridiculous. A game like this was never meant to be linear. It feels like it's trying to be something that it never wanted to be. It was open and nice in the beta, now it's pointless and repetitive. There's no replay value. The game has no point anymore. I loved the beta. Those 300 hours were in the beta. I don't love anything about this new game. (I'm not even going to get started on the terrible optimization and lag problems. I hoped those were going to be fixed through beta. They got worse.) 0/10. I'm done with this."
,Recommended,211820,8534321,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Potatolord: Grand Potato Poobah,"At first i figured: ""Huh, a space sandbox RPG? I never heard of one of those before! Can't be the biggest waste of $15 I will ever spend."" Buying this game turned out to be one of the best ways I have ever spent $15 in my life! It is extremly diverse with limitless planets and thousands of uniquely generated monsters. It is sandbox indeed! I soon discovered that with 6 races and hundreds of items, that this game was only in the Beta stage. I expect big things from this game in the future. It is very fun and you should consider buying it."
,Recommended,211820,8615003,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Zonebit,TO MUCH FUN
,Recommended,211820,8811158,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,QuetzaCocoCh4n,"Great Game!The Random planets are always Keeping Your hopes up to find a Mini Boss or A Dungeon.The different races and animals Makes me keep adventuring with a new twist.Villages put my strength to the test By Bring out my dark side to kill everyone there.Starbound is an excellent game,And it keeps growing!Thanks To Chucklefish Studios For making this game!"
,Recommended,211820,9612410,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,rant2087,Very Awesome a recommend to anybody who enjoyed Terraria or Minecraft
,Recommended,211820,33829742,Posted: 27 July,all,Sasta777,Better than Terraria. Better than Minecraft. Better than your life.
76561198130939294,Recommended,211820,33074225,Posted: 1 July,all,NitroSpitfire07,"I love this game. It is one of those games where i can do an all-nighter with friends or clock in 50+ hours. You may say i have no life. buy this and you will see why i ""have no life""."
76561198081717720,Recommended,211820,31694003,Posted: 11 May,all,Wykat188,"Honestly, one of my favorite games. I have at his point played for over 1700 hours, although I did have to mod. That is still an amazing amount of my time that went into playing this game. Every moment of gameplay was worth it."
,Recommended,211820,8177698,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Jesse,Cat bits𝐈𝐍 𝐒𝐏𝐀𝐂𝐄
,Recommended,211820,9214866,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Skeleportato | Essentials.TF,"If you loved Terraria, you will probably like this game. It is basically a better, sci-fi version of it with more focus on exploring world than mining and crafting. It also has a story and quests if you are also into that thing."
76561198082838983,Recommended,211820,8635385,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Fluffy DOGE,its a very big open world space game
,Not Recommended,211820,26006469,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,desidarling,"No current controller support. No controller support upcoming. Not even controller-friendly, as I could not get Xpadder and others to work decently with it. So basically, if you are unable to play with keyboard/mouse, this game will not really work out for you. Stick to Terraria until they do something about this.I cannot in good conscience recommend this to my friends who have physical difficulty with keyboard/mouse. Such a shame, because it looks so amazing."
,Recommended,211820,34158302,Posted: 10 August,all,HUBBA DUBBA,"The games OKAY but i really suck at it.  Robots sould be able to breath in space just fine, doe, just sayin'."
,Recommended,211820,31711022,Posted: 12 May,all,Ðownhat,This game is great i like how you can travel around the universe
,Recommended,211820,29816191,Posted: 9 February,all,PanfooToogre,"Thanks, friend who purchased this for me as a gift during the holidays.You might as well have just erased a couple of years from my life span!Despite some negative criticism, I actually like this game quite a bit.It's not the best game I've ever played, but it's pretty good.Pros:Wonderful soundtrack, decent controls, nice combat system (I know this isn't the popular opinion, but I don't mind it), fun bosses, large workshop with many mods, and double the fun with friends!Cons:Can get a little repetitive, can be very laggy (I had to edit some things to fix it), main quest isn't that great (it's not terrible, though), and the landscapes get repetitive.You might want to get some mods to stop item and money dropping, by the way. It gets really annoying after a while. However, if you're a ***HARDCORE*** gamer, then you can probably do without them. The exploration and collecting aspect of the game is very fun, but it's rather upsetting when you lose all the items you spend an hour collecting because of a poorly timed jump. But seriously, you might need some mods.Overall, I think this IS a good game, provided that you like exploration-style games. This is a good game to turn to when you're feeling down or perhaps if you're just a little bored. So, yes, I do recommend this game.8.99/10 stars"
,Recommended,211820,33690739,Posted: 21 July,all,CaliberCream,"Pros:Starbound is a great game. The graphics are beautiful, and there's so much to do. The modding community is great, and there's hundreds of mods for people who need more. Frackin' Universe (FU) is a reccommended one, and can/will increase how much you'll play this game by possibly hundreds of hours. This game is only in version 1.3.x, meaning it has a lot of potential for a game with only 1.3 major updates.Cons:There's a lot of tedious and repetitive things. If you have FU, then bees can be a pain. Mining can be tedious as well.Recommendations:For the developers of the game. I really want there to be ship pirates. In other words, people who can take away your ship. I know this makes you practically useless if you're stranded on a planet, but this would be a good feature. Maybe make it possible to have multiple ships, or something of that sort. Sort of like in FTL. Maybe you can add a mode or something. This probably won't reach them, but just putting it out there if anyone reads this."
,Recommended,211820,34172966,Posted: 11 August,all,VaultScrolls,"This was one of the first games I bought when I began playing on the PC. I had heard from a friend about it, and it sounded pretty interesting. Over the course of several years I have played this game since it was first put up in beta until the most recent update. The gameplay is fun, but for me the greatest enjoyment I received from it was playing it with friends. Keep in mind that things will and have changed from the updates that have been made. Speaking for myself my group pretty much lost all functionality of our base due to the gravity change for asteroid fields. I started moving things to a new space station, but lost interest. A great game to buy, and spend time exploring with friends. Just maybe wait until they take the time to optimize the performence better. I've got several ""beefy"" computers that should not be lagging when playing this game. I still have faith in Chucklefish though. Thanks for reading the babbles of an old Dark Water Marauder."
,Recommended,211820,32723070,Posted: 24 June,all,SpewKs,What no mans sky should've been but in 2D!10/10Would go deep within a planets core and die in lava again!
,Recommended,211820,28235203,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,IcyLucario,"--Can't write a professional review for the life of me.--Can't make a joke ""Its alright"" review when at least 800 of my hours are on servers and I want to be honest about where my hours came from. (""Role Play server? Ehhh. Sounds dumb to me. I can try it I guess."")--Can't even make a review about the Devs because im neutral about them.--My local pizza place is pretty good."
76561197990358207,Recommended,211820,8066678,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Colorblind,"Absolutely fantastic game, hours upon hours of gameplay for such a small price tag."
76561198024397706,Recommended,211820,10282333,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Zachert45,"Great game, great mods.10/10"
76561197991675039,Recommended,211820,28067088,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,wolfmage75,A fantastic sandbox game and a pretty neat space adventure rolled into one. HUGE number of things to do.
76561197976612595,Recommended,211820,32302439,Posted: 9 June,all,MechZahn,"Your rarely going to see this much content worth playing for only 15 dollars. Well Stardew Valley but that's also another one of Chuckle Fish's games.You've bought many games via Steam, this one is best played with others. If you even remotely like the idea of Terrera in space with support to this day, this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,211820,8142970,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PatiHubi | Bernie2020,"I played both Terraria and Starbound and I think they are both worth playing! With the coming changes to Starbound however, I think I have to go with Starbound if comparing these two titles."
76561198126533434,Recommended,211820,34057086,Posted: 6 August,all,Prince Malchezaar,I guess you could say that I'm starboundto this game....Sorry.
,Recommended,211820,34361805,Posted: 19 August,all,Ginger German,"Starbound, although it looks like a blatant copy of Terraria, is so much more than that. The only things shared between Terraria and Starbound are the 2-D sidescrolling sandox gameplay, and the insane amount of items. Starbound lets you go to an almost limitless number of worlds, gives you lots of exciting quests and objectives, allows for customization of you, your crew, your ship, and even more. I HIGHLY recommend you buy it."
76561198032007110,Recommended,211820,27302582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,nooneatall,a load of laughs especially with a grandson
,Recommended,211820,27303575,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ORELHA,"Awesome game, unlimited fun,and the mods are just amazing!"
76561198049680103,Recommended,211820,27299172,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gatote,Addictive as ♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,7987145,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,GRRT,"This game is one of the best. Its sortof like Terraria in space with more tech kind of things, you can travel to an infinite amount of planets and solar systems. Some of witch are harder then others, some are cold and some are normal. If you have the option to buy this instead of another game, I suggest to get this one. (Just remember, this is an early access game, there will be bugs and most things will change, also new things will come also)Developers, if you are reading this, you did a great job, keep it up."
76561198046541141,Recommended,211820,9380426,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Riley,So Much to do worth the money definetly one of the greatest games
,Recommended,211820,34360518,Posted: 19 August,all,mad_gamer,I had my doubts but I grew to love and become addicted to this game.If you liked terraria buy this game if you don't liked terraria i feel sad for your existence.But still give this a try is amazingly fun addictive  and with highly replayability value
76561198160143359,Recommended,211820,31842674,Posted: 19 May,all,Alterio,Love this game if i am bored or if i am not bored i play this game you can do a lot of things and i love the fishing system and the farming system
,Recommended,211820,25356501,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,ThunderMonkey,"Not even sure where to begin with this.  I've played Terraria as a mobile-game and on other platforms, and really liked it, but found that after a bit it seemed to kind of get repetitive.  But Starbound, WOW, is like Terraria meets No Man's Sky perhaps?  And it really reminds me of classic computer-games like Captain Comic and perhaps Hugo's House of Horrors perhaps... but with so very much-Much-MUCH more! Q:^)(Which should say a lot, admittedly I'm usually more the huge 3D open-world type... I've dismissed so many modern side-scollers, thinking the formula has been done to death, in the past [unless they have that flare and grab to them like the ones listed earlier/above], and tend to be a bit more interested when crafting and construction is involved... even now, I'm trying to recall my last gameplay session of Starbound... and my brain keeps wanting to think it had to be 3D and not 2D for all the immersion and experience I had... but nope, 2D side-scroller, and totally awesome!  Definitely going to be taking a completely different look and view on side-scrollers after Starbound!!! :D)The description of the game seen on the Steam page would have you thinking that you start out, fix up your ship quickly, and off you go.  But that doesn't even do it justice.  Game starts out, and when it comes time to fix up your ship... you're not JUST going for the parts and that's it.  You have to forge a shelter, find and make food, setup a base-camp, craft items to get you by, upgrade your equipment to survive and fight efficiently (especially in the first mine/dungeon thing, that was insane, but awesome!), etc.  Think ToeJam and Earl with survival and action-combat!I just finished the ""starter planet"" (sort of, I can fly off to other planets now if I want, but there's still loose-end side-quests I want to finish) last night, and I must say, it felt like multiple games in one.  You feel like there's a whole world and society of immersion on the planet, but then a whole other game up in space of seeing each planet as its own resource-node or hub.Then toss in mods (I'd highly recommend the ones fromcommunity.playstarbound.com-- as much as I love Nexus mods, alot of the Starbound mods there are outdated and non-updated to work with the full 1.0 version and beyond... spent an hour installing Nexus mods just to find out I had to delete them all when game wouldn't launch), and sky's the limit.  There's mods for every playstyle... mods to take away item-dropping on death, mods to take away pixel-loss on death, even mods to slow down satiation/hunger... now if only I could find a slow health-rgen when not in combat and while not well-fed... still looking though).As I write this review, I'm at 11 hours of gameplay, I just finished the STARTER PLANET (and still going to be doing a lot more there for exploration and side-quests before taking off)... of the many endless planets there are to explore... and can already tell that this game is going to give me TONS of playtime hours to come!  Definitely well worth the money... my hat's off to ChuckleFish! ^_^"
,Recommended,211820,8127579,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Toutai,"I like this alot, but there are a few downsides to it and my friend doesn't have those problem tho due to it's a very good stationary + he's got big screens to be able to have no problem in the resolution part but in the lower ones it switches unless I have to take a wrong one.btw I have just Family Chipset 4 + 4Gb Ram, 1280x800 resolution (the closest working one is 1280x854 which I use atm until the other ones are fixed) and it's a laptop. Then again my friend can't unlock the ports on his schools network so he can't host while I can make one but I crash too often on the standard because this emergancy laptop I bought 2011 is that bad so I won't host."
76561198174970690,Recommended,211820,34452979,Posted: 23 August,all,Darth Jar Jar,"I normally don't post reviews, but I think this game deserves it. Truly a diamond in the rough, this game has a comfortable feel to it, with a short and sweet story, races, and a wide variety of items/places/things to discover. Definitely a good game for those who like Terraria or Minecraftt. I also like the Workshop feature, making it easy to acquire mods. I have been playing the game with the Fraking Universe mod, which is a must for continuing the game. Overall, I think this game is worth a try for anyone."
76561198105620518,Recommended,211820,33671850,Posted: 20 July,all,A non-descript taco,7.8/10 Too much water
76561198192075514,Recommended,211820,24969186,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Monkey Mancer,"terrari whaaaaaaaaaaa? man I love this game it gives me the tears of how beutiful it is. And its soundtrack just fits in so perfectly. And I have 11.5 hours... and I got it today, I just cant stop playing this fun game even without friends. This game is truely a wonder, and tbh this is no mans sky... HAHA im joking but im not joking how awesome this game is, so if your considering buying it or not. like shylabouf ""JUST DO IT"" and give yourself a break from brain tangeling games, stressfull, or horror game, or a game in the competitive scene, I mean you can still die but there are different modes and lots of awesome planets. Each so different (Just like No Mans Sky promised). And It looks amazing and I cant wait untill more updates. Im in love and you should be too so buy this game, what are you waiting for. Oh Yeah and its also its 15 dollars. Ive never made a review this big, but this game deserves it so my game of the year well from here, idk in the future, anyways is STARBOUND THE INTERGALACTIC SPACE EXPLORATION, DUNGEON CRAWLING, ACTION PACKED ADVENTURE GAME YOUVE ALWAYS BEEN WAITING FORRRRRRRR. And another cool thing is, I just cant run out can I, anyways is the vehicles, like man those are sweet, and the ship customization, and the side quest, and the comunitys, it feels alive and well thought through. The shops are sweet aswell, and the story is great while giving great balance of being hard, confusing, and fun all at the same time. And you cant get bored. Anyways this is my review and I hope Chuckle Fish sees this but anyways, I approve this game 100%. 10/10 EASILY"
,Recommended,211820,8654421,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Strawberry Tsunami ♥,Great game. That's all you need to know.
,Recommended,211820,34178809,Posted: 11 August,all,The Starbound Scout,"The game for a galactic adventurer, indeed the best game for a person who would like to save the galaxy."
,Recommended,211820,26061050,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,LucarioMann344,"Ah Starbound. A truely beautiful game, that is physical evidence that not all Steam games have to be realistic to be amazing. Starbound, as you may or may not know, is an 8 bit-esque platformer adventure. The controls are quite simple. A and D move your character left and right, Spacebar makes you jump, I opens your inventory, and E makes you do certain actions if an item is highlighted white. You choose between 7 different races, each with their own unique characteristics, backstory, ship, dialouge, and time period of which they're based off of. The characters are interesting like Esther, Nuru, Lana, Koichi, The Baron, Asra Nox, Tonauac, and many more. Plus the game looks gorgeous, especially in higher definition, and the game is brilliant. I give it a 9.9/10."
76561198068252252,Recommended,211820,34185688,Posted: 12 August,all,Cyan Nautica,I'm addicted
76561198098772844,Recommended,211820,22752193,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,conbomb,"It feels like a mix of terraria and a sort of space esc game. It is fun to travel the galaxies and collect new weapons and armor while still being able to kill monsters, complete quests, and find new costumes. I highly recommend this game to people who love open world building games and also to people who like space rpg's. It is in early access right now, but it is going to be in the finished 1.0 version very soon."
76561198162443269,Recommended,211820,34223639,Posted: 13 August,all,American Flag,I find this a fun and enjoyable game!
76561198271992975,Recommended,211820,33960535,Posted: 1 August,all,Glober8 Spams a lot,"Oh My Gosh, I don't know where to begin its just, its... Starbound!!!!"
76561198073174497,Recommended,211820,34241234,Posted: 14 August,all,Throne,"Starbound, to me, is an amasing game in waiting as the game and it's mechanics are amasing and well thought out, the only downside i see to this game is the main story can be completed very quickly, there is'nt anything to do after it except run around the universe collecting weapons and doing dungeons, it is a very fascinating game and i would recomend it to all, but the current lack of story, farming (mining and fighting in space) is very limited and the game might be better to get once the producers and the team that works on Starbound have progressed the game further with new ore, new weapons, new types of planets, new races, and overall more content."
,Recommended,211820,30856519,Posted: 31 March,all,GrafJosh,"So, lets's start.Starbound, a huge open-world game; with a build-up like No Man Sky (Starbound got released earlier). You're your self made character, which can be an avian, a human, a glitch, a novakid and many more diffrent species, needs to save the universe. A giant purple monster attacked the humans earth, which searched up all the diffrent species and bring them together, and got destroyed. You could escape, but with only a very broken ship. Signals from the home computer S.A.I.L tell you about a mysterious person, which he captured it's sequens. As you find out that he is friendly, you two are starting building your base, upgrading your equipment and defeating the monster, which destroyed the earth.Pro arguments:+Complete Open-World+Building what comes into your imagination+Supporting the Steam Workshop for free, by other users designed, mods+Even after the main Story ended, you still can have much fun+Option to replay the boss-levels from the diffrent chapters+Supporting multiplayer+Very nice graphicsContra arguments:-Possibility to get bored after the while (Mainstream farming, building)-Sometimes connections in the story not 100% clear-Not able to play with ur friends on the same ship (partner-ship)-Not really playable for system-weak computers or laptops (when don't want tolow down the settings)-No good side-quest systemTo sum it up, Starbound is a really cute game with cool music and general system. It's obviously perfect for people which likes Science-Fiction and 2D adventures. But its recommended for everyone, to at least test the game!"
76561198325889642,Recommended,211820,34133529,Posted: 9 August,all,AwesomeK,"This game is everything. You combine the element of space travel from No Man's Sky and you fill the empty void that game left with Terraria gameplay and BOOM! You get this game. IMO Terraria was too limited in the sense that each world was confined to that one huge ""island"" with beaches on either side; well this game breaks that barrier and allows you to travel to which ever planet, moon, structure, or portal you wish. Add in some amazing music and deep story and you have a masterpiece of a game. I would buy it over and over again if I had to."
,Recommended,211820,24818839,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Kolymsky,Woah Space
76561198130003431,Recommended,211820,34266086,Posted: 15 August,all,Wespy,"The game can be difficult at the beginning but is very god buy it, and I recomend the frankin`s universe mod."
76561198206075107,Recommended,211820,34259599,Posted: 15 August,all,Chess,"This is my new favorite game. You can build, battle, capture, recrute, upgrade, investigate, and explore across a completely CRAZY star system. If things ever start to feel a little repetative, move somewhere with a greater difficulty level. With a thriving workshop comunity, you can keep this game fresh for as long as you really want. One of the all time highlights fo me is how fulfillingbuilding your own settlement is in this game. you can build as many houses as you want, fill them, work with them, and as you go, even figure out how to influence what kind of individual moves in. The space station aspect is a lot of fun too. Make it whatever shape you fee would be fun, then fill it with whatever you want. Even tennants if you do it rigth. Even mining stays reasonably interesting in this game with how many little surprieses are waiting down and about as you go. Can't recomend it enough to the players who like making a world their own. Go for it, and see for yourself."
76561197975221069,Not Recommended,211820,10454671,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Khorzho,"(Review update - August 2017 - Starbound v1.3.2)Man... this is really one of those games where I wish you could give the recommendation a push rating.  There are some great things about Starbound.  There are some not so great things about it.  There is a LOT of history in it's 3+ year development and release cycle.  The history makes me leave this a negative review.When this game came out on Early Access, I jumped on board fairly soon (Dec 31st, 2013).  Played it a ton, enjoying the unfinished, yet fairly expansive content.  I even faithfully kept at it when the first character / universe wipe happened to me, as Chucklefish had promised steady updates.Well, that promise was unquestionably broken.  After an extended period of time with no updates or even news of updates, there was near riot on the Steam site, and the internet as a whole demanding some communication from Chucklefish.  They responded extremely poorly, censoring critics, and basically flipping off the public in snide backlashing twitter posts and displayed the worst customer service attitude towards the EA backers.But for all that arrogance, they caved and started implementing ""Nightlies"".  These were severely buggy optional patches that often made the game unplayable.  I uninstalled the game and gave up on CF as a developer.  Almost a year went by (April '14 - Jan '15), until they released a ""stable"" update.  I re-installed fresh to see what improvements there were then played it on and off to check out new content.  In other words, very little.Now that it's out of Early Access and a full retail release... I dived back into the game to rebuild my characters (yes, everything was wiped from beta, which is fine) and experience the ""final"" release of the game.  Here's the pros and cons now:Pros:Solid procedural universe and world generation.There is an intriguing ""exploration"" component to the game.General aesthetic has a nice flavor that is engaging, but not too serious.Interface is fairly easy to follow and learn.Some of the ""Story"" missions are fun.Some of the NPCs can be challenging to beat.Crafting system is pretty cool.As of 1.3 - The new Starbase system is really cool.As of 1.3 - The space travel map execution is VERY well done.Cons:Worlds start to become repetative.  It's possible to see the same creatures over and over on separate worlds in different star systems, and see the same ""dungeons"" (layout and everything) showing up on separate worlds.Combat is bit boring most the time (mobs lurch at you, or shoot at you or a combination of both).Quests are sometimes a little too silly.Building is completely unncessary with the ranked up ships.The survival system is obtrusive to maintain.  ""Hunger"" is a near constant concern.  Since food that you carry ""rots"", you have limited time you can explore.Some unoriginality - A lot of concepts have been borrowed from other games of this genre.As of 1.3 - Limited Space Combat.  Ships appear to be armed to the hilt, but you never fight other spaceships.  The only space action is in a smallish mech, which you have to spend a good deal of time grinding out mech encouters to get upgraded and efficient.  The gaming area in mech-space encounters are very tiny, and becomes repetative VERY quickly.As of 1.3 - The aforementioned mech ultimately serves no purpose outside of it own mech-based levels.  It's not good for mining on planets.  It can't help build things.  It's slow on the planet surface.  And it has a limited amount of movement/activity.  It's literally an alternate game mode that can be pretty much ignored.As of 1.3 - The space travel map could use some graphical improvements.  Why does everyone fly around in a green Mario 2 rocket?So, I leave this as a ""not-recommended"" review.  The gameplay can be fun, no doubt, and I do enjoy playing the game.  But there's still a lot of room for improvement, and Chucklefish as a developer has some sketchy practices and attitudes."
76561198126837282,Recommended,211820,33433064,Posted: 10 July,all,MatTheCrazyGuy,"Nice to play with friends, but can get tedious at times. The story is cliche, but the gameplay sort of makes up for it!"
,Recommended,211820,8429132,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jewpacabra,"This game has a lot of potential in the MMO and sandbox genre. It very much feels like they took the best bits of Metroid, Pokemon, Mario, Castlevania, and Terraria and blended them into an engaging and fun game. While the game is still in beta, and the best features have yet to be released for this game, I am still very pleased. The AI of the monsters is very limited, but I expect this to improve as we get closer to the games actual release."
,Recommended,211820,8039250,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Prod,Terarria on steroids. No but seriously. Buy this game.
,Recommended,211820,8987323,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,794,"Very fun so far! I love the scope of the world and space. The fact that you can walk completely around the world and end up back where you started really gives a new feeling of realism that I haven't experienced in similar randomly generated sandbox exploration games like this. It actually gives a much more significant reason to explore other planets, other solar systems.Can't wait to see where else the developers take us through more updates!"
,Recommended,211820,9496422,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DJGambit,Its like Terraria... IN SPACE!!!!! *echo*
,Recommended,211820,8356739,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Brown Banana DK,"Its just like Terraria. But in space. And bigger. Soooo much bigger. Dig, build, scavenge, hunt, kill, eat, create and travel the intergalactic highways in the most promising indie game of 2014."
76561198080535347,Recommended,211820,26698903,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,NotAHero,"This is a definetly must have game.So, if you like terraria this game is for you. There aren't as many bosses but its still fun, because of the traveling system. You have a spaceship, and you can go to all sorts of planets. The best part is that there is no end to these planets, Its invinitely generated which means you never have to go to the same place over and over and over again. So i highly recommend this game to you, its worth the money."
76561198064641021,Recommended,211820,8129025,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,robot5342 @BIOS,This game i can play it for hours and have an amazing time. i Highly recommend it because of not only because it involves.........SPAAACCCEEE!!!! But it always is fun to visit new planets and environments.
,Recommended,211820,8971088,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Nickprovs,"One of the coolest gaming experiences I've ever had. A ridiculously large universe to explore that is continuously being filled up with random stars as people play the game and explore new areas. This game will make you feel like a space cowboy as you stumble upon thousands of new mobs, non-space capable civilizations, abandoned laboratoties, space pirate traders, etc.There's much to gather and see in Starbound. You can build anything, anywhere. Loads of customization available. Worlds are varied enough to make things fresh each time. On one planet I met demons with eyeball trees; on another a friend and I braved are way through the chilling climate occasionally stopping to huddle against a fire, only to fail in our task to raid a gun trading pirate ship.I never got into Terraria but I am not able to put this game down. Get It!"
,Recommended,211820,34647945,Posted: 31 August,all,The Teething Lord,"I used one magma to commit genocide multiple times on many worlds, but in the game it is more funny due to the fact that the ai doesn't know it's burning to death."
76561198032722842,Recommended,211820,8037101,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,csaflip,"This game is very fun for fans of 2D sidescrollers, or just people that like adventure in general."
,Recommended,211820,29453702,Posted: 23 January,all,Chicken Permission,"This is a pretty fun game. But buyer beware, (And I'm not sure if anyone else has had this problem before) Your charactermightget randomly deleted if you use mods. From what I've experienced, I've had to restart three times because my save would randomly disappear. Now again, I'm not sure if anyone else has had this problem, but just be warned. This game IS FUN, it's just that me having to restart three times kinda made me get bored of it, which is a shame."
,Recommended,211820,27861134,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,rufflee,Good if you're tired of terraria.
,Recommended,211820,34761932,Posted: 5 September,all,Void,"WARNING: Get this game at the *beginning* of a vacation, not the end. I was figuratively glued to this game for a week or two (my perception of time took a vacation) after I first got it."
76561198090088983,Recommended,211820,32972439,Posted: 28 June,all,FatihGny,"A great sandbox, exploration, crafting game that you shouldn't miss"
76561198040880559,Recommended,211820,7925241,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Infinity Biscuit,"if you like Terraria, you will love Starbound. someone join me! its more fun with friends!"
76561198096330451,Recommended,211820,8639985,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Beta_747,"God i dont even know where to start, This game is Marvelous. You can explore an indefinite universe, fight weird *** aliens blow up some penguins and explore and build even after your hearts content. That just day 1. Its a tad buggy because its beta, but thats expected especially since its such a brilliantly complicated game. The best way to deal with most loading and other inconvienient glitches (not the fun medival ones) is to play on multy player, (plus you have some lackys to do the boring stuff) I reccomend finding one world that you love, setting up a huge all out complicated massive base, setting it as home and just using it as you HQ because the ship is a bit too small. And remember, it will always get better, the game is this fantastica and its still in beta!"
76561198134545737,Recommended,211820,29848074,Posted: 11 February,all,Ender-Sniper,"In a way, you are buying an upgraded version of Terraria. (Not hating on Terraria at all) [don't kill me] From the time that I first bought it to where it is right now, it has traveled so far and it is amazing to see what it is becoming. I highly recommend this game for a galactic experience."
76561198052449251,Recommended,211820,29848764,Posted: 11 February,all,ichimanju,"Addictive as hell, already 115 hours in and still not bored. And then there's the mods  .. .. ah yes, mods :)Stable release works fine, no troubles, interface is great, just like my old school nintendo days with a twist -  a big one. This game just never ends, but keeps on going and evolving, especially with the Workshop handy.One of the most fun games I've  played in years and I'm not bored yet! Give it a try, great price and fantastic experience. If you like exploring,  don't mind a bit of a 'retro' look, and like discovering new things around every corner, you will love this. A highlight (for me) early on was wandering in a desert when suddenly I run across this anchor in the sand. A chain leading up into the sky above caused me to build a stack of blocks to climb up there and find . . .You gotta play and find out! Such fun, though. Great product and if you were looking for a great 'in betweener' while waiting for the next big AAA release in space (MEA ;) this is it."
,Recommended,211820,33823456,Posted: 26 July,all,theerroe,"Deviating from the direction of its ""spiritual predecessor"" Terraria, Starbound takes a crack at a sandbox sidescroller which is much more oriented towards exploration. It's extremely expansive, in fact. The game works similarly to that of Terraria, you build up new items and surpass your previous sets of equipment as you rise up to fight stronger grunts and bosses; however, there's also loads of other things to do and actual missions to accomplish.A good game for someone who enjoys the Terraria formula, but wants something a little more nuanced."
,Recommended,211820,32282579,Posted: 8 June,all,Mage Digital,I highly recommend this game because you may seem its boring at first but when you get deeper in it you get that space vibe. Its really fun and I like building alot of creations.Has -- Good Graphics :Because its 2D:- A good story-line- Addons for more fun- A ton of things to doStarbound is a really good game and thats why I recomend it!
76561198120352778,Recommended,211820,9373693,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Snow,this is every thing you need in a game
,Recommended,211820,26189771,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,FlameOfAncients,"10/10 best game, do not compare to terraria because it has space exploration and the story line plus the charactor customization is way better"
76561198048902743,Recommended,211820,27045572,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,SBC,"I've had this game ever since it came out in early access. The developers have consistently updated it and added new content all the way through up until the final release. The amount of content in this game for the price is amazing and mod support only adds to that. The sound track is great and fits very well with the exploration and environments in the game. The art style looks amazing and the combat and crafting is fun. If you liked Terraria and enjoy sci-fi and space exploration games, I highly recommend you pick this up."
76561198150624609,Recommended,211820,34714428,Posted: 3 September,all,Nice Rick,"Ive been to many dimentions, but ive never been to one with only 2 dimentionsGet it cuz its 2D... its funny... right???"
,Recommended,211820,27158929,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,GreenLime,Well what can I say 10/10 hentai tentacles.It is much better than in the hentai
,Recommended,211820,34712983,Posted: 3 September,all,EnderKnight5646,"Amazing, the story, the lore, its just a great game"
,Recommended,211820,34698966,Posted: 2 September,all,Dr. Shadow,"I used to really love this game. I am only saying USED because I am not USED to all the things in this most recent major update. I am excited to explore this new update, but after already having mods that did the same thing and how this game is much better when played with friends (Who for myself are all busy) I haven't explored any of this new content. Let alone the fact I have already played and replayed the game multiple times and it seems whenever I get far into the game it deletes my  progress. That is the only negative. Other then that think Terraria, put the bosses in levels and add more things and space."
76561197972285590,Recommended,211820,26999344,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Leww,10/10. I can't recommend this enough.
,Recommended,211820,7988119,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Zaithe,This game could win an award for most gameplay mechanics. Its large procedurally generated universe will always keep you in awe as you ponder on the complexity of the games procedural generation system. Going down into the crust feels like your watching an old journey to the center of the earth movie and space travel just lets you unleash your geeky dreams of traveling the cosmo's and exploring other planets. They definetly have 2 thumbs up from me. Highly Reccomended game!
76561198065753764,Recommended,211820,28600831,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Bot Fred,"Before No Mans Sky and better, with way better gameplay and combat that is actually fun."
76561198248700488,Recommended,211820,34698231,Posted: 2 September,all,Suspicious_Keldeo,Ohhhh... I just love this game. I like that it looks like Terraria but its more close to futuristic technology. I highly recommend this brilliant game.
,Recommended,211820,27031584,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Lock Wolf,Better than No Man's Sky
,Recommended,211820,34827007,Posted: 8 September,all,✪Beep Beep Hysteria,"This game is fantastic. If you enjoy the 2d exploration games like Terraria, then this game is for you. The story is unique unlike any in other games, has a great soundtrack, and is overall very fun. Single player is great, and if you gather some friends its even better. Aside from all the fun main aspects, there are a bunch of fun unimportant things (not much of a spoiler but just in case [spolier] Like instrument, bug, and codex collecting [/spoiler])in the game that are a great addition. Even post story mode is fun to play and mess about. An overall solid game that will keep you busy. 10/10"
76561198038054564,Recommended,211820,34878066,Posted: 11 September,all,SpellStrudel,"For the people who read reviews before they buy a game, this is going to be yet another positive review although as a player since the pre-release state of the game I would like to focus on a few aspects that make Starbound legendary (so no technical approach here).1) One of the big pros of Starbound is exploration. Unlike other survival games, Starbound takes exploration to a whole new level. Every planet is unique and urges you to explore it; there are hidden pieces of lore, random dungeons you can delve in, hints of civilization and villages. The best part is that all aspects are so beautifully tied together that it does not get boring; and even if a planet does not satisfy you, you can always jump to another.2) There is indeed a main quest which you can complete at your leisure. You have all the time in the world to prepare yourself and delve deeper in the storyline but that's not only it. There are also ""radiant quests"" (as described in other games), where a simple NPC will give you a quest and mayhaps they'd like to join your crew after a while.3) Starbound's economy is pretty much fluid. If you are one of the ""trader"" types, you will enjoy this a lot. Considering the fact that you can establish countless bases and trade routes (especially since the Spacefarer Update) after a while you will feel that investing and trading are not monotonous.4) You can create a village of your own through the tenant system and earn pixels from it. After a while you will be able to do quests for your own little settlement. All in all, if you feel like managing a group of NPCs is your thing, you have the freedom to go for it. Managing your crew is fun sometimes.5) Replayability is one of the ""I win cards"" Starbound has. You can do whatever you want whenever you want as long as you are well prepared. Plus, you can always find that detail that will suit your playstyle in the workshop.Last but not least, the devs are very active and they have brilliant ideas which they add to the game and most of the time you can get a sneak peak of (can't wait for 1.4). In my opinion, this is pure value for money and I don't believe anyone would regret buying this game."
,Recommended,211820,34822363,Posted: 8 September,all,Wood Man,is good i can be jojo and kick alien♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,31223336,Posted: 18 April,all,Foxcheetah,"This game is, overall, awesome. Yes, the storyline is not the best, but the gameplay and sense of exploration has a thing or two to teach even ""No Man's Sky."" Here's a full ""Pros and Cons.""Pros:- Awesome gameplay.- Great Space Travel dynamic.- Great foundation for updating.- Easy to run.- Great NPCs- Great mods.- Amazing fan community.- Devs actually listen (see: Novakids)Cons:- Storyline could have some improvement.- Easy to get bored late-game.- Glitchy at points.- Broken Star Systems (e.g. frozen planets orbiting fiery stars)Although, the game is a work-in-progress, so it does have its flaws. But, because of the ""work-in-progress"" dynamic, you're gifted with devs that actually listen and great ideas from the community. Also, it's easy to mod the game, so expect great mods as well. If you're not a fan of work-in-progress games, then I'd recommend playing at a later date, when the game has improved, Otherwise, play this thing! It's awesome!"
,Recommended,211820,24947505,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,crh1793,"Bought this game a while back during early access, played a few hours but didnt touch it till 1.0 came out. So glad it's finally finished, it is pretty incredible. It's been said before, but this game is probably what you thought No Mans Sky would be. Except 2d, which is by no means a bad thing."
,Recommended,211820,34387918,Posted: 20 August,all,Danny,Went in the wrong direction since the betas
,Not Recommended,211820,7929741,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,tacoburger [MM],"its not a good gamebut it is a good roleplaying gameignore the actual gameplay aspect, find yourself a good server, and indulge in the extreme customizability of everything, from the guns to the clothing to the objects in the world, while all being completely vanilla friendly (warning: not everything i said functions 100% of the time)"
,Recommended,211820,25023990,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Geischfelt96,"4 years, 1 million dollars, and an entire development team later, the races are nothing but skins, the planets seem less varied than in Alpha, and the story has become a series of fetch quests with a squid monster to kill at the end.  I finished the storyline in a few hours, and only because the quests take so damn long.  I'd say I enjoyed the game far more when I knew less about it.  Perhaps that is my own fault for looking forward to a game I wanted instead of the game they made, but I feel like there are so many ocassions where the devs just missed the mark.  Luckily the mod community is going strong, which allows you to breath new life into this game.  I'd be remiss if I didn't talk briefly on what I consider the games most attractive feature, the ABC file playing instruments.  There's nothing more satisfying than building a stage and rocking out to some well made ABC files with your buddies.  Pretty hard to do without coordination, though.TL;DR6.5/10Reccomended because cheap"
76561198114212844,Recommended,211820,25528934,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,DonVitoCorleoneJR,"First 17 hours still not progress my main story, busy building new settlement, making friends n etc. really recommend this game"
,Recommended,211820,34969216,Posted: 15 September,all,㊚ Brok3n ㊛,WHERE IS MY TERRARIA?
,Recommended,211820,34524648,Posted: 27 August,all,Fincy,"Starbound is an awesome and stunning game! There's so much to do in this game, it's insane. You can really decide yourself how you want to play the game. You can try to save the world, try to colonize as much planets as possible or just let your creativity flow with the countless possibilities to build structures."
76561198042289109,Recommended,211820,9375739,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Geoffrey From BT,Such a good game for both singleplayer and multiplayer. I love how big the universes are and what you can find by flying about.
76561198001124257,Recommended,211820,34970587,Posted: 15 September,all,Dr.Zhuki,Very enjoyable experience within this game.Maybe parachute  or  B.A.S.E. Fly-suit for EPP ADD-on in future updates?
,Recommended,211820,20612056,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,JackRain0,"The Best Terraria-like Game,if you get tired of it,you have the mods!Highly recomended for coop guysPerfect For RPBests Mods Possible9/10 - Would not be perfect if mods didn't exist"
,Recommended,211820,25439960,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,tephlin.,"I really loved Starbound. I really, really do. As someone who's knowledge of this game derives from a Terrarian nature, I was amazed to be held upon a nearly endless world where I get to traverse among planets and stars, dream come true! The combat and overall gameplay mechanics were satisfactory to keep me having fun, and music made me feel like I was in heaven.What I do think the game might have been lacking, though, is in some of its content. Yes, I would agree that building dozens of colonies and turning your ship into a mansion might be pretty fun at first, but doesn't it get a little old? The story is somewhat interesting to follow along, but a lot of its progression depend on you going around doing random stuff around planets, rather than actually doing something. The sidequests are pretty good for outright being randomly generated, but obviously is quite monotonus. Not to mention, a lot of the planets feel oddly the same. Therefore, I feel like they could've added some more content especially along the lines of a rework on quests and exploration. The game also provides mod support and a community workshop, like most others, workshop mods are rather fun to mess around with for a while, but I personally don't think they're enough to keep the game alive for me.I'd give this game a 9.1/10. All in all, Starbound is a well-executed game, but I think it could've been done better.Also, If you think this is a Terraria clone, wise up. Just because it contains a large sandbox aspect and is 2D doesn't mean you should instantly classify it as one. I understand if it's not exactly your thing, though."
76561198277436319,Recommended,211820,35073674,Posted: 19 September,all,Theory_Of_Everything,"This game is a block-busting Terraria in space 2D platformer that is very good. The character custumization is really to-notch, and the fact that you get YOUR OWN SPACESHIP and EXPLORE PLANETS is the very thing that sets apart Terraria from this game. Also you can perform little emotes like shaking your head and crying. You can easly mod this game to add game consoles, custom ships, a zombie apacalpse, and much more. If you know some .JSON and Lua, you can make your own mods. Over all I say this game is a must-get 2D platformer/survival/exploration game."
,Recommended,211820,8611608,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Rᴀғɪᴋɪ,This game is loads of fun and there is plenty to do. You can spend countless hours just exploring a planet. In my opinion it's a great way to kill time and have fun. It seems as if you can't run out of things to do. It's well worth the 15 bucks.
,Not Recommended,211820,10144534,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,⛧-Kuro-zia-⛧,"After downloading this game last year and a half (beta), was still on my laptop, i got terrible frame rate (which was ok since it wasnt a gaming laptop) but i got somewhere around 30-ish frames while something like terraria had like 40-50 frames with the same laptop.Now later that same year (2016), finally got myself a decent pc and upgraded it to where it is now:Processor : AMD FX-8350 8-Core processor OC 4.6GHzRam : 2x4GB=8GB Corsair Vengeance DDR3 Pro SeriesMOBO : ASRock 970A-G/3.1 Super Alloy MotherboardMain GPU : VisionTek Radeon RX480 8GBI play the game again (after the crappy optimization it had before that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off) and some how, i still get crappy frame rate every now and then, which shouldn't happen since well with terraria (again) i get consistent 60 frames, yet this game has major frame drops at the most oddest placed (example being that one pic on this game's store page that is just an empty area with just one wagon in it) it will literally just drop to like 20 frames or lower even though there is nothing going on.Clearly there is some optimization issues still going on (good thing there is a modding community to help) and should have been fixed by now before new stuff gets added into the game.So now, i have nothing to say but to ask myself ""what the ♥♥♥♥ is wrong with this game"" when it comes to the optimization because i shouldn't lose this much frames still even after the updates, and upgraded to a gaming pc.Its a good game, but man the frame rate just suck."
,Recommended,211820,18628080,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Verti,G R E A T \|=^_^=|/
,Recommended,211820,25066185,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Mr.ChairGaming,Amazing game and unlike no mans sky its not filled with empty promises
,Recommended,211820,25109282,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ΨĴüşŧīŋ§ϊďюųšΨ,It's not No Man's Sky!!
76561198009780439,Recommended,211820,7991257,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,cgk_fdf,"Really enjoyable, even in early access stage. The planets are very diversified and colourful. When exploring you always end up finding something new (military bunker, sorcerer tower, NPC towns...) ; if the interaction possibilities are still limited yet, it's a huge world to explore. Building is done Terraria style but with tons of objets to add (you can loot any stuff found in the NPC structures) ; I hope the building mode to become more interesting and useful in the future though.I recommand you to buy it on early access if you are a platformer/rpg fan and/or a terraria fan. Beware though : it's updated very often (twice since the lauch date) and your savegames might get deleted after an update."
76561198114136515,Recommended,211820,9802343,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Horny white guy,"The only reason i do not like this game, is because it does not work for me and i cannot get a refund so there goes $20"
76561198190707027,Recommended,211820,34442937,Posted: 23 August,all,Crosar,This is an amazing game full of humor and action. The soundtrack is so beautiful. The game is so different than it used to be in its early access days and for the better. The multiplayer is as easy as clicking join game. And its really fun with friends! I love this game and will keep playing it for a long time. Its worth $15 easy.
,Recommended,211820,30500298,Posted: 13 March,all,Mick Dee,"This is a beautiful open-world game that I highly enjoy, while I wish there were some more optimization for the game, it's still pretty good."
,Recommended,211820,26063552,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Robo,Terraria meets Legend of Zelda in space.
76561198247746558,Recommended,211820,27167441,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ted Bear I hellcase.com,"This game is really good. It´s survival 2D game with a little story and a plenty of items and things. There is milions of planets houndred of trees and mosters(only orange slimes and grey ""monkeys"" looks same). You can bulid base or a whole village if you want and a lot more. There is rasis to chose and you can custom it. I rly like this game and I end it and it was really  cool."
76561198123374702,Recommended,211820,28719298,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WaffleGod,GOOD
,Recommended,211820,8034055,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Warrior.of.katz,"This game is AMAZING!!! There is no ""Why would i buy it?""  the only question is ""Why WOULDN'T you buy it???""  and the answer is plainly 'Buy it'"
,Recommended,211820,23334502,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,General Jeff,"ehhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh was pretty fun early on, no one I know plays it anymore lol"
,Recommended,211820,33825471,Posted: 26 July,all,chetlin,"Not as fun as during beta, when things were more random (unknown weather, random gravity, all monsters were generated, all biomes could be in the highest difficulty, etc) but still a lot of fun to spend some time exploring and building, especially combined with the space setting."
,Recommended,211820,25447663,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Danellos,"This is the best sandbox game I have ever played, period.I first tried this game back in Early Access, and was admittedly skeptical because I did not find Terraria very appealing. However, some buds of mine were playing this and I thought I'd give it a shot. As soon as I booted my ship's computer, I was intrigued. Time flew, and I was already 65 hours into the game and nearing the end of what was the story mode back then (I think it was unfinished?). Sadly, some life circumstances halted my ability to spend much time on games in general, and this one had eventually fallen off the rader.Recently, I returned to this game, a year after the official release, excited to try the new features with mechs. I no longer had access to my old character due to a previous reinstall of Windows, so I was content to start again. I've been hooked so closesly to this game and I am bursting with ideas for building stuff.At the time of this writing, I am approaching 200 hours, and I am not yet bored. I have completed the story mode on two characters, and am hosting a server for my friends and I to play on. I have also found myself looking for excuses to throw more money at the developers, so I ended up gifting it to other friends who had not tried it yet.Definitely give this a shot if you like Terraria, space exploiration, sandbox games, or any combination of those three things. This game is chock full of content. The story mode is literally only 10% of that, maybe less. The developers really care about this game and its dedicated fans, and I have no doubt that they'll continue to add features and content as time goes by.+1 from mre."
,Recommended,211820,33427385,Posted: 10 July,all,Jiggleworth!,"Do you like Terraria? Do you like space? If you answered yes to the last two, then consider yourself lucky.Starbound is a fun sandbox/exploration/survival game. I don't want to spoil anything, but i WILL talk about the gameplay and a few mechanics.Here's my opinions and overall thoughts on the game:WHAT THE CREATORS DID RIGHTThe game features many explorable biomes and a good few varying races. The planets you encounter are (mostly) randomly generated and offers hours of playability.The game's flavor text is enjoyable, as well as a lot of the dialogue in general.I enjoy the few references and nods to other franchises, like Metroid.WHAT THE CREATORS CAN IMPROVE UPONThe game can feel tedious at times. Especially with the number of similar fetch quests and the fact that you need to do hours of mining to find a specific ore. (Unless you're a filthy casual like me and make ores glow underground, like Terraria.)The net code isn't that great, and the enemies seem to lag around even when i'm playing by myself. This can be a bit frustrating to deal with.While the number of races in the base game is neat... there are a few unplayable ones that would be enjoyable to actually use. Llamas included.OVERALLI enjoy this game, and i hope the devs working on this get more support. I give it a solid 7.5/10 right now."
,Recommended,211820,29782309,Posted: 8 February,all,goat men,Great story and very fun game
,Recommended,211820,30501711,Posted: 13 March,all,Chapel,"I believe Starbound did what Terraria couldnt. It offered great exploration-like playstyle with absolutely no linearity, but still felt great while playing. The story progression was wonderful, and i loved it how artifacts and towns could appear on random planets that had the criteria, rather than all the story taking place on specific planets. If you actually try to look for the quest items and search through different planets, I assure you you will have a great time. I also like how the colonization aspect was added; it offers a different playstyle.Its WAAAAAAY better with friends."
,Recommended,211820,29782372,Posted: 8 February,all,Maximus296,"The story is great and is definitely a way to show you the universe you are in and it helps get you on your feet for the countless hours of exploration afterwards. The whole thing is emersive, the music and sounds are great, all the different planets and creatures you encounter are awesome, and over all it is a heck of a game!"
76561198102809216,Recommended,211820,35069871,Posted: 19 September,all,Preston Mont,Brilliant game but dont install the fracking universe mod because to uninstall you need to wipe your game COMPLETELY other than that its fantastic
76561198144658323,Recommended,211820,28660472,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Brass Cog,very cool it's almost like Terraria but more of a free roam game. it allows the player to have the way they what to play the game if the player wants a mage or tank excetera.
,Recommended,211820,24652946,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Polly,"It is a good game.You may spend a lot of time gathering things such as building materials, furniture, weapons, clothing, food, fossils, books, pets, etc.."
,Recommended,211820,35186785,Posted: 24 September,all,ihalseide,"Starbound is a beautiful game with a good story, but it lacks more multiplayer capabilities. It has excellent building, crafting, and GUI."
76561198173051462,Recommended,211820,35276619,Posted: 28 September,all,Existential dread,one of the most fun games to play with friends and the workshop makes it super easy to sync mods with friends
,Recommended,211820,15152493,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Bibncent,Trains go fast but in space no people cannot hear the speak of the sound voice.21/69 wont dead space 3 againa
76561198325341917,Recommended,211820,35281768,Posted: 28 September,all,3numbers,One of the best games I have ever played.  It will consume your life.
76561198118543210,Recommended,211820,28591789,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,hakuna891,"Played this game since beta, experienced several character wipes, etc., but still played through finished version and totally enjoyed it!"
76561198154342474,Recommended,211820,28590888,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Snakefeet,Brilliant game. Takes core concepts of terraria and minecraft and expands upon them excellently. One of my new favourite games
,Not Recommended,211820,8694024,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,ThatH1N1,"I don't buy early access games because of this game anymore.  Very bad Chucklefish hates their customers, BUYER BEWARE.  They don't listen to anything its all about that $$$ to them."
76561198116681468,Recommended,211820,35151012,Posted: 23 September,all,Adwo,its fun even as vanilla but its more fun with +250 mods !
,Recommended,211820,8326141,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Xelias,Probably one of the best pre-beta's in history (In my opinion). It is like minecraft and terraria and space games in one whole game. It is also ONLY IN PRE-BETA at the moment so dont expect perfect qualities and etc.
76561198339270794,Recommended,211820,33974453,Posted: 2 August,all,"liam,d",Amazing game with updates that feel like they are no just delaying the game from be coming unpopular but actually have a purpose for the update
76561198062748703,Recommended,211820,18188575,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Doctor Pasta,"Where do I get started? I'm not going to be comparing this game to other sandbox titles like a lot of the other reviewers were doing and I am also extremely biased so don't expect any negative comments. That being said, here's my review.Starbound is an extremely enjoyable game to those who like 2-D sandbox adventure games with somewhat of a degree of platforming elements. it's charming, colorful, creative, and allows YOU as a player to be creative in your builds. There's a variety of races to choose from, ranging from the standard Humans, the bird people Avians, the intelligent primate Apex, the traditional and Japan-inspired fish people Hylotl, the medieval robot Glitch, the predator and cannibalistic plant people Florans, and finally the wild west style Novakid gas bags.The beginning plays out pretty slow but tends to accelerate as you gain traction and find more and more expensive materials to craft better gear. The main quest is actually optional except for the first few missions, at least until you get your ship working. The only thing that really bothers me is the lack of player build creativity early on. You're forced to play a specific way until you get to the 5th and 6th armor tiers, which then allow you to integrate some real variety into your playstyle.If I was a professional critic I would probably do a better job at criticizing this game and actually have more constructive, un-biased things to say. Though I am not a professional critic, I still feel inclined to give a final rating. Therefore, I rate this game 8/10. It's a solid game, definitely worth the money, it just has room for improvement."
76561198108169246,Recommended,211820,25314797,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,☄ Robin Hood of Socks ☂,It's ok.
,Recommended,211820,7962268,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ship of my Heart,SO MUCH TO SEE SO MUCH TO DO
76561198108196699,Recommended,211820,31457378,Posted: 30 April,all,MrJelly,This game is great and one of my favourites on Steam. It's well deserving of a purchase especially with the many mods the community has created.
,Recommended,211820,30637621,Posted: 20 March,all,Spicy_Stalker,"for roleplaying its very good and its fun with friends, played terraria 20 times longer though (i hear the community screaming) and the mods, to much man XD. from chucklefish replacers to floran with tails to flying around on your asshair. some good time indeed"
76561198041049392,Recommended,211820,35406010,Posted: 1 October,all,MoiKoi,"This is one of my favorite games of all time. I'm proud to say that I've seen this game grow, and I'm very happy with the way this game turned out."
76561198120508005,Recommended,211820,15892439,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Kid Isaac,"I've had this game since early access and have clocked hundreds of hours into it, and it still never fails to keep me occupied. I've watched it grow and develop over the years and it makes me so happy to see the progress its make. Im a big fan of  sandbox games and this is by far one of my favorites and believe the $15 is worth it. The time spent making this game shows, from the very beautifully detailed backgrounds to the smooth animations. The soundtrack is amazing and I could listen to it all day.I highly recommend this if you are a fan of sandbox exploration games."
76561198207393744,Recommended,211820,34296266,Posted: 16 August,all,caaronquest,Awesome game! I played this game with my daughter and had so much fun and good times!!!  Munchkin let's play!!
,Not Recommended,211820,12284039,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Medical Cyanide,"I bought this game awhile back, when it first was released. I have not yet played it. Why? The game is way too choppy on my computer. I thought it was a normal issue at first. My girlfriend had purchased the game and is able to play it flawlessly. Which is really concerning, seeing as she plays on a very low-end laptop compared to my higher end computer. I don't really understand what this issue is here. I would love to actually play the game, if someone has figured out this problem, please let me know."
76561198052794992,Recommended,211820,24504476,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ASweetScorpio,Game was fun in beta. Game is even better now.
,Recommended,211820,24469725,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mooshi,I gave it one chance it failed itI have it another oneit failedI gave it a third chanceit failed thati made this a negitive review...1.0 came outi gave it a fourth cancewhile not perfect it succededit is a fun game but could still use a lot of work
,Recommended,211820,29324072,Posted: 17 January,all,Sock of Retribution,"I like to view this game as a sci-fi life simulator of sorts. It's got a lot of room for improvement if you ask me and the beta testers, but it definitely feels like a fairly whole game on its own, especially if you get mods to enhance the experience. The beauty of relatively low-tech games like these is that they're so easy to mod, but Starbound takes it to a whole new level.There's always going to be something to do in a sci-fi plot-driven sandbox RPG, and it's only getting better with time (well, except for the 1.0 retcon)."
,Recommended,211820,35466984,Posted: 4 October,all,天.Smaylee,"It's like 2D No Man's Sky. But more detailed and mod supported. I finished the game many times. But every time I started again, I met new things. It's good to see that the game has improved since early access. Especially navigation screen, mech technologies and ship raids."
,Recommended,211820,33924326,Posted: 31 July,all,Waves,"(I accidently beat the game on the unstable variant instead of the regular one, so it doesn't look like I've played much)Starbound is an odd game.The amount of bliss I had on the early beta versions of the game were infinite and got me so hype for this games release I followed the progression of the game everywhere, I was pretty excited for the game.But the final product left me feeling a little dissapointed.I'll start with the core gameplay. I think it's quite nailed, honestly. Melee fighting is a little clunky, but guns and such feel good and fighting monsters isn't hard, or feels like a chore to do. The UI is alright, I think it's a little small and some of the hud elements and menus you might never ever touch. But exploring is what the game is about, and exploring is what the game got right. Mining and digging for supplies feels great and you rarely ever feel like you're grinding endlessly for materials for your ship. Every upgrade to move to different planets is very exciting and leaves you wondering what you'll see and explore next. The music is great too, brilliantly adding to the experience and further adding to the beauty and charm the game delivers while exploring.But the story is the not so good part of the game. All of the missions are grind fests, forcing you to go to certain planets and making you press M and spam left click everywhere. The boss fights are laughable, the first one being way too difficult , and the rest of them being way too easy. I have to say that the environments before the bosses are very well made, and fit the theme of that particular race quite well. But this is probably not why you picked the game up anyway, but it's annoying as it's required to go through to move on with other planets and getting better stuff.The game is very tailored to the users playstyle. You can clean the games story fast, collect the best weapons and collect every achievement. You can spend all of your time building or exploring, and the game is wonderfully built to accomadate any one of these playstyles and so much more, which I think leads well to the conclusion.Starbound isn't a linear game. Everything is optional, leaving it up to you to explore the world, build in it, or whatever you have in mind, which is why it's such a great experience for anyone who looks to pick it up and marvel in it's beauty and many, many elements."
,Recommended,211820,8763975,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,popisju,Amazing everything and only in beta
76561198118424637,Recommended,211820,34248227,Posted: 14 August,all,☺²,"Beautiful and frankly, better than No Man's Sky"
76561198126240362,Recommended,211820,20958808,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,McWarlord,"A great game! It does require a bit of grinding for ores and such, but the majority of the game is just doing fun quests and exploring thosands of randomly generated worlds while hunting for rare and unique dungeons in search of custom loot!A solid 9/10 and a must buy"
76561198142099129,Recommended,211820,24498028,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,[2.Han.IR]Goldmania™,"A Floran insulted and laughed at me because I'm an Avian.Translate:Since I'm a bird-race, a f*cking vegetable insulted me. A F*cking.Vegetable.10/10 would try to kill it and cook it again."
76561198011038021,Recommended,211820,28719414,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,ZYRUK,"At first I was like ""Meh.. is this a serious game?""Now I'm addicted to it.10/10 Music10/10 AtmosphereDefinitely worth a buy If you're looking for a quality sandbox adventure."
,Recommended,211820,28717498,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,dreiter,Space game with unlimited possibilities. Open world or rather open universe. Random generated planets from planet life to the populations and treasures. Unlimited possiblies in how you want to build your world(s). I recommend it for those that dont like liner type games and CRAFTING!
76561198096580237,Recommended,211820,29468176,Posted: 24 January,all,zardlike,"请和朋友一起玩这款游戏，否则你将会独自漂泊于各个星系之间，然后你会发现宝藏,或者建造雄伟的房子,获得各种强大的武器，但最后发现你唯一的归属只是回到飞的听着机器的轰鸣，吃着罐头食品发呆。"
,Recommended,211820,35498893,Posted: 5 October,all,FriedGerry,"like terraria ™ with space - IGNstarbound has more content since early access that boosts it to a decent level - better spaceflight, more exotic weaponry, and better planets, to name a few. although most quests are complete assery, there is a main quest that gives you some sort of incentive to play and explore. most planets usually have more generated villages/dungeons than they used to as well. enemy variety is definitely better but most planet creatures are still lame as♥♥♥♥♥♥ the lag, in particular, happens to be even worse than it was in early access.overall i would say starbound is worth playing in its state; however if you're an individual coming from terraria it's still not on the same level of quality (especially unmodded). and ♥♥♥♥ you i liked banana bread none of that carrot bread♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198060093930,Recommended,211820,35498162,Posted: 5 October,all,Ahri,There goes my life.
76561198042003338,Recommended,211820,9892310,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Vir,"I could talk about the game's aesthetics or some dumb crap but I can put a ""THERE'S NO NEED TO BE UPSET"" poster in my spaceship so nothing else really matters at this point"
76561198001107231,Recommended,211820,8813621,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,EqUaLsK8eR,Starbound is like skyrim and Terraria. Or should I say minecraft because terraria is a 2d minecraft. Take starbound and put it in space and you get Terraria
76561198064748234,Recommended,211820,8624029,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Simfusa,"If you like Terraria, then you will love this game. If you don't like Terraria, then you will probably still like this game."
,Recommended,211820,8689527,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,I2amirez,"Game of The Years, nuff said."
,Recommended,211820,7978567,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Snuggley,This game is fantastic.
,Recommended,211820,8129917,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Hoobini,Man there is so much stuff to do in this game my god............ its beautiful
,Recommended,211820,9057680,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Thoams,i love it spent so much time
,Recommended,211820,9471281,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Flesh Trombone,It's like Minecraft and Terraria had a baby but Terraria was an absentee father so Starbound is nothing like that poop game and is more like Minecraft and Minecraft's next door neighbor The Elder Scrolls. There's capes and farming and birds and guns. This is the end all be all of video games. This is Indiana Jones sandbox game.
76561198122990428,Recommended,211820,9469756,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,codskrueg,"This game is just like minecraft and terraria but better!You should get this game and the dlc sound track.The dlc soud track is only 5 bucks more and sounds awesome!The dlc sound track is perchused seperatly so you dont have to buy it but you should.Also it is really easy to make a bow and you get unlimited arrows.Also it is really easy to make a house,I made my house on spawn cause it was the only flat around.You can make stairs and connect to the wall with other stairs and the connecter is flat and you can walk on it.Sorry that this review is so long but this game is awesome and you should get it!"
,Recommended,211820,20436365,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,jeet8,Game is being updated every few months and these updates are not just small patches they are whole reworks and additions to the game even though it already feels like a finished game. I absolutely adore the design of this game and I highly recommend people pick it up.If you have a craptop however dont get it just yet as your going to be getting a lot of frame lag Id say at least a laptop with 8gigs of ram would do. And in case you have an xbox its coming to that soon!Also you might want to learn how to port forward to host servers and play with friends. Heres a guide:http://portforward.com/help/starbound/
,Recommended,211820,17391682,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Cole G,i have played over 100 hours on my old pc and not playing it on my new pc it blows it out of the water this is a must buy if you like space and terraria and is all around fun my friends have not played it with me yet but can wait if you have the spair $15 get this game and it is coming to consoles
76561198086635017,Recommended,211820,8113685,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,shmilliam,"I got this game last week, and have been playing it nonstop! It's a great 2D game with a real Terraria feel in it. Also, planets!"
,Recommended,211820,9016185,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,_SPIDER_RAIN_,this game is awsome buy it now!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,30713290,Posted: 24 March,all,Almond Milk,terraria but actually good
76561198064470581,Recommended,211820,8926868,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,*LMB*Zombiekil,best game ever
,Recommended,211820,9759692,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Wickedman_,This game is amazing to play with your friends it is worth buying for it's jsut like Terraria I played with my friends with terraria and i played this it's competly different buy it and seek your adventure!!!
,Recommended,211820,8146590,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,peppy,"Definitely check it out if you enjoy Terraria, it's basically Terraria in space which makes it a lot better than Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,9910260,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Wub,"A good game. At first i thought it was a ripoff of terraria, but I was wrong :P. It is only alike with the fact that it is 2D. Great game overall."
,Recommended,211820,19903134,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,definitely slayer,Terraria.In space.With spaceships! :D
,Recommended,211820,16916779,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,nothonest,If you like terraria you will like this.
,Recommended,211820,30339499,Posted: 5 March,all,NewBIE ツ,This game is pretty fun!!
,Recommended,211820,8045264,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jiggle Daddy,I love this game its only in beta and its sweet. The crafting is great and the monsters are evil >:( and the progression is good and its HUUUUUUUGGGGGEEEEEE tons to explore and lots of dungeons to conquer
,Recommended,211820,8944480,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,BreadTheef,Yes.
,Recommended,211820,16252550,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Rehmedyy,"Starbound is big. Really big. You just won't believe how vastly, hugely, mind-bogglingly big it is. With a universe at your beck and call, where do you begin? Thankfully, Starbound starts off by tethering you to a single world as soon as you've named your character.You're born into this 2D world with virtually nothing, bar a matter manipulator that lets you slowly chip away at pretty much anything, and in time this high-tech gadget is replaced by rustic farming equipment that allows you to chip faster. Fashioned out of the exploratory spirit of Minecraft and Terraria, Starbound's premise is to take you (be you boy, girl, robot, weird flower thing, or any of the other races) away from a single procedurally generated world and into an entire universe of planets whose earth you can swing your pickaxe into. There's a lot of opportunity and excitement here, even in the game's earliest days.That's the beauty of Starbound, you come out of it with all sorts of anecdotes you'll want to share with people. This might be a bare-bones version of the game to come, but boy, check out those bones. The game's minutiae will be mapped out across various wikis for years to come, and many mechanics will be added and refined, but even now, Starbound is an enticing journey of discovery that reminds you just how exciting it can be to stare at a sky full of stars."
,Recommended,211820,16957438,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Tipo De Incógnito,I just went to the moon and found a massive sea of Spaceship Fuel. Never had to buy Fuel. 11/10 (Still have 4000 units of fuel).
76561198137015457,Recommended,211820,17246482,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Angelus,I absolutely love this game. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8261466,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,»Dot«,For some reason its got me addicted lolBut I like this more than terraria
,Recommended,211820,15423317,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Dan,"There's only one thing I dislike about this game; it's the random crashes but that's just because its in beta. *Enthusiastic Voice* But this game is one of the best games ever! This is like an outer space terraria, and with the addded bonus of  realistic physiscs! This is a great quality game, when I saw it at first I thought :oh, it's 14 bucks but when I got it my perspective of the game changed completey! It's worth EVERY penny!"
76561198070924243,Recommended,211820,9791642,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,KatsuoGuro,"This game deserves endless reward for its constant support and updates, along with its gameplay which could theoretically go on forever. Such a great game that everyone should at least give a shot. Chucklefish wins my favorite dev."
,Recommended,211820,8262809,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sotha Chill,"This is quite possibly one of the best games I have ever played, crashes and character wipes aside, Although that is to be expected with an early beta. This game catches gaming at one of it's better moments. Build, kill, destroy, and best of all,VISIT OTHER PLANETS!This game takes a Terraria-styled gameplay, and enhances it with better music, and cooler features. If you are a fan of this kind of game, it's a must-buy."
,Recommended,211820,8444640,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Flippo,Better than terraria (opinion)
,Recommended,211820,8470878,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MEistro,This game is amazin! Go get it now!
,Recommended,211820,31084046,Posted: 11 April,all,JayStationX,Love this game!Endless fun and the community workshop has an EXTENSIVE list of mods.
,Recommended,211820,8263477,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Memeturtle,yes = yes
76561198081289105,Recommended,211820,10330332,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,.Kewfy.,"This game, is like a game, with a game 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,10122304,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,neo nep,you can sleep in an asteroid field12/10
76561198064070041,Recommended,211820,29490185,Posted: 25 January,all,advertretro,Play So long feel so good
76561198067311230,Recommended,211820,8072329,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Brosepher,"This game is very fun, it for me is better than Terraria, although you will have to get the hang of the controls."
,Recommended,211820,31183108,Posted: 16 April,all,Just A Misunderstood Hero,"i do like the game it's jsut that i am getting fed up with this teleporter glitch where when i beam down to the planet it puts me back in my ship, until this si fixed i'm not playing"
76561198071901772,Recommended,211820,9126676,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Dmac,"Even for early beta, this game has impressed me with what it delivers, and I look forward to when it is a finished product."
,Recommended,211820,9143071,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Bruce Yee,i enjoy this game more than i enjoy my mothers homemade cookies......if that isnt enough to make people buy this game i dont know what is
,Recommended,211820,9213059,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,STEALTHxKILLZ,"great game try darkout also{peeps reviews that are bad are their own , it might be fun to you}"
,Recommended,211820,28709996,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Mackarel,good gamebut i need update like space battlewe attacked by another shipi recommend ya'll
76561198045422853,Recommended,211820,9147516,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,namdups,A great game to start with although can get a bit boring dependant on your genre choice. Its much better with friends and can be played with hours on end with one.
,Recommended,211820,30198304,Posted: 26 February,all,Naphtali,"Got this game back when it was in early alpha, and it was great back then. Now, however, the game is almost a masterpiece example of what an indie studio is capable of."
76561198034386735,Recommended,211820,7919690,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Cloudslinger,Absolutely amazing Sandbox game. You really feel like you are exploring space. Terraria meets Super Metroid. This game is EPIC!
76561198054346607,Recommended,211820,8609532,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,LordDante,It is a magnificent game with tons of possibilities. Etc.Etc.Etc. This has all been said.WhatI like the most? This gamehas some of the bestsoundtracks ever! :)
76561198133856451,Recommended,211820,10096198,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Pixen,"Starbound is a game like no other.  you have the amazing different species selection and the amazing character  customization screen. then you get your very own ship for every person you play as, it different for every specie. for every specie you get different armor and weapons. the beautiful music and background in this game is  amazing, if your not interested in the game you should just get the soundtrack. the game has over 400+ blocks and decorations try fitting that in your house. on top of that its only in alpha so that means more characters (possibly), more weapons, more npc's, more armor, more ores,more ships, planets, decorations, and blocks, but if you still think the game is bad now i would follow it. this game has so much potential i can't wait to see what it becomes in the future!"
,Recommended,211820,8866710,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,John (Wigster600),"Placed distress beacon, got attacked by space penguins. This game is a must."
76561198048135482,Recommended,211820,17417905,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Bigbossken,Awesome game
76561198079619249,Recommended,211820,7961631,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,a little whale,"better than sex.well, not really but it is family fun for hours."
,Recommended,211820,19669382,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,"David, your friend","Picked this title up during a sale about a year ago, and at first I left it untouched.When I realized it had trading cards I decided to wipe off the spider webs and dust and give it a shot. I discovered that Starbound is quite interesting. I had trouble ungluing my eyes from the screen once I began exploring the planet.I recommend Starbound when it is on SALE"
,Recommended,211820,8036078,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,thebe,"As Christopher Walken, I enjoy my time playing video games. My Specs of course:EVGA GeForce GTX770 w/EVGA ACX Cooler 2GB GDDR5 256bit, Dual-Link DVI-I, DVI-D, HDMI,DP, SLI Ready (02G-P4-2773-KR) Graphics Cards 02G-P4-2773-KRAmazon Price: $334.99List Price: $409.99Gigabyte Z87 LGA 1150 CrossFireX HDMI DVI ATX Motherboard (GA-Z87-D3HP)Gigabyte Z87 LGA 1150 CrossFireX HDMI DVI ATX Motherboard (GA-Z87-D3HP)Amazon Price: $124.49List Price: $139.99Intel Core i5-4670K Quad-Core Desktop Processor 3.4 GHZ 6 MB Cache - BX80646I54670KIntel Core i5-4670K Quad-Core Desktop Processor 3.4 GHZ 6 MB Cache - BX80646I54670KAmazon Price: $219.11List Price: $259.99Cooler Master Elite 430 - Mid Tower Computer Case with All-Black Interior (RC-430-KWN1)Cooler Master Elite 430 - Mid Tower Computer Case with All-Black Interior (RC-430-KWN1)Amazon Price: $37.99List Price: $49.99Corsair Builder Series CX 600 Watt ATX/EPS  80 PLUS (CX600)Corsair Builder Series CX 600 Watt ATX/EPS  80 PLUS (CX600)Amazon Price: $62.99List Price: $74.99Corsair Vengeance 8 GB ( 2 x 4 GB ) DDR3 1600 MHz (PC3 12800) 240-Pin DDR3 Memory Kit for   Core i3, i5, i7 and   Platforms SDRAM CMZ8GX3M2A1600C9Corsair Vengeance 8 GB ( 2 x 4 GB ) DDR3 1600 MHz (PC3 12800) 240-Pin DDR3 Memory Kit for Core i3, i5, i7 and Platforms SDRAM CMZ8GX3M2A1600C9Amazon Price: $87.00List Price: $142.99WD Blue 1 TB Desktop Hard Drive: 3.5 Inch, 7200 RPM, SATA 6 Gb/s, 64 MB Cache - WD10EZEXWD Blue 1 TB Desktop Hard Drive: 3.5 Inch, 7200 RPM, SATA 6 Gb/s, 64 MB Cache - WD10EZEXAmazon Price: $57.19List Price: $99.99Lite-On Super AllWrite 24X SATA DVD+/-RW Dual Layer Drive - Bulk - IHAS124-04 (Black)Lite-On Super AllWrite 24X SATA DVD+/-RW Dual Layer Drive - Bulk - IHAS124-04 (Black)Amazon Price: $20.36List Price: $25.48Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler with 120mm PWM Fan (RR-212E-20PK-R2)Cooler Master Hyper 212 EVO - CPU Cooler with 120mm PWM Fan (RR-212E-20PK-R2)Amazon Price: $29.89List Price: $34.99I provided the price for all you skimps that will try to ask me. When it comes to COD: Ghosts, BF4, and Crysis 3, my computer handles them perfectly; but when it comes to this game, Starbound, it acts like nothing before. I experience LAG, FPS DROPS, FREEZES, etc. I certainly wish that anyone could help me. Please contact me on Steam."
,Recommended,211820,8843743,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,TheDerpyAssasain,It's awsome you can make servers and work together
,Recommended,211820,8267882,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Death,"Do you have a life? Then this might not be the game for you, It is easy to waste your entire life away just exploring, and minning, its so good :D"
,Recommended,211820,8862956,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,PixelPacker,Games pretty cool has a few issues but I would say it's worth it. If you like terraria you would like this game more probably.
76561197962216859,Recommended,211820,26251824,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Hangover_Monkey,This game doesn't respect you. It will disrespect your time. You deserve better than this. I'm a man damnit.10/10 Would get treated badly again
,Recommended,211820,8762535,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ElderKushKush,a classic game for hoes but its really good
,Recommended,211820,8896247,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Yipdoge,Fun 2-D game. Addiction that i can not break.
,Recommended,211820,29091141,Posted: 7 January,all,Olimpiano,Eu olho para esse jogo e penso:Isso é um No Man's Sky de verdade
,Recommended,211820,9013308,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,renaissance,I'M FILLED WITH WANDERLUSTMY DREAMS ARE RUNNING CIRCLESI WANT TO WAAAAKE UUUP SMILING
,Recommended,211820,8060219,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Airplane185,Reminds me of Terraria but it doesn't suck
76561198029402002,Recommended,211820,9026514,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,SilentSnowfall,"Basically a 2D version of minecraft but in my opinion waaayyyy better... Here's some things I've noticed...Pros:- Endless Places to Explore with never-ending amounts of new enemies to encounter and new items to find.- Rpg-like elements that allow you to become more powerful over time by forging/finding new equipment and weapons that increase your stats.- Fun Survival game that makes you utilize your resources to survive and encourages and rewards exploring.- Hundreds of items to create and amazing buildings that you can find or make.- Cool Tech abilities that you can find and equip to give you an edge in fights or exploration.- Awesome boss fights that aren't too hard but aren't too easy.- The ability to play the game with friends.- Different tiers of enemies and equipment that make for a steady level of progression as you spend more time playing the game.Cons:- Lack of updates currently so no new things coming out right now (yet).- Early access and as such it has noticable glitches and lag.- Getting the game set up so you can actually play with friends can be a struggle.- Beginning of game can feel hard and unfair unless you know exactly what you are doing.Overall Rating: 8.5/10Starbound has it's issues as every good game does but they can be easily overlooked by it's addictive gameplay and endless things to find and do. I would recommend starvound to anyone that likes: Survival, Crafting, RPGs, Exploration, Adventure, Platformers, Action, and having fun."
,Recommended,211820,16494574,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Hobgoblin101,It's like Terraria and Star Wars had a baby.
,Recommended,211820,16047437,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Cuptin Puckard,Absolutely amazing! I bought this game over a year ago and I still play the crap out of it and it's still only in beta!! It's got so much to offer and it's right up my ally as far as creative space exploration goes. I never was a huge fan of Terraria but this game is 100% awesome!
76561198101493671,Recommended,211820,10292506,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,commanderACC15(YuTb),"10/10pros:-great multiplayer-lots of customizations-countless planets-lots of enemies-millions of weapons,armor,decorations-good updates-good 2D style"
,Recommended,211820,8118278,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lord Auld Lang Syne™,"This game is REALLY similar to terraria, but it's actually fun and you wont get bored. Make a character and choose 1 of 5 species. Own a spaceship, upgrade it, fly to other planets or ""Sectors"", run out of fuel, land and look for something to use as fuel! This is truly an awesome game. Also, there are quests."
,Recommended,211820,9070245,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ryand88,"fly a spaceship around and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up planetside, what's not too like?! oh and there's like loot and quests and stuff but who cares about that"
76561198275558289,Recommended,211820,30348155,Posted: 5 March,all,Galaxy._.Cactus,LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I really like it and it is kind of like Terraria but starbound has more unique weapons then Terraria and starbound has special abilities. Here are Pros and Cons of this gamePros:Can explore the universeA lot of stuffAn alpaca setLots of randomly generated villages with weapons and stuffAnd much moreCons:Broing when you cant get pass a bossCompared to Terraria in starbound it is a CHANCE to get a weapon from a boss like Terraria it is a Gurarnteed chance of getting a weapon or some oreThats it if I left some leave a comment saying what I missed!Cya-D3rpyC4ctus12
,Recommended,211820,8012865,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,bobola,just shut up and buy it :)
76561198263584676,Recommended,211820,30589034,Posted: 18 March,all,Tiro,i love this game so much1!!!1!!!
76561198100609389,Recommended,211820,18825032,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,TheCourier097,Is there going to be a mods workshop for this game anytime soon? Great game though love it!
,Recommended,211820,24927589,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Kaerhis,"I picked up Starbound 2 years ago because it seemed like a cool early access game, and my friend had been playing it a good amount. I never really could get into it, somehow it just didn't hook me at all.That changed come official release. The game is pretty addictive now and the gameplay is better than it's ever been. The story is alright from what I've seen so far, but that's not the draw of the game. It's simply a darn good 2D space survival game (with seamless Steam multiplayer if you're into that) with a lot of polish that makes it stand out as more than just ""Terraria in space"".8/10, worth full price"
,Recommended,211820,24975440,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,DEUS VULT INFIDEL,This is a good game to be clear the start is difficult because you have to travel ALOT OF FEET down underground just to get your ship repaired and the boss fight may be a bit easy if you are smart on the movement base all and all i say you should buy it.
,Recommended,211820,24922158,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kitcho,"I've played about 5 hours of No Man's Sky, and this game is just more fun. Both games suffer from cookie cutter environments at times -- which is hard to avoid with proceduarally generated environments -- but Starbound has more redeeming qualities that makes it feel like a complete game, as far as an open ended sandbox game can. The exploration, music, and art style are all highlights of the game for me.My one big complaint with this game is the somewhat clunky combat. It's doesn't feel as fluid as Terraria. Boss fights and random enemy encounters all more or less play the same. This is one part of the game I wished they had spent more time with, but overall it's not a deal breaker.I recommend this game based on my single player playtime. I have not tried multiplayer."
,Recommended,211820,9554751,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,♣ 「ΉΛZΉӨЯD™」 ♠,Best game EVER!!!!
,Recommended,211820,9297192,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,yaleks,This is a really fun game to play with lots of friends and destroy all their things.
,Recommended,211820,9206061,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Fastie,Terraria rip-off 10/10.You should check my Terraria review.
,Recommended,211820,9448302,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Amirror,copy of terraria
76561198049608792,Recommended,211820,8004849,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Duccio [ITA],10/10it's still only a Beta. but it's already a vast and very funny game! we can expect great things from this title !
,Recommended,211820,8380690,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,universal,Great game for exploration of anything.
76561198079500029,Recommended,211820,8178208,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Zane,INCREDIBLE
,Recommended,211820,7998342,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,rubert,"Right around now do not expect much. It very simple currently but, it will be great!"
,Recommended,211820,9729875,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jhon778,"It's meh, but it's definetly playable for a beta release. It's a little hard to adapt to the constant threat of hostile monsters, but once you get the hang of it you should do fine. The graphics are a little muddy, even on a 1920x1080 display at maximum settings. Would definetly reccomend for any Terraria fans out there."
76561198049546813,Recommended,211820,8245143,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,0M3AN,does everything terraria did and does things terraria should have did :D
,Recommended,211820,8225868,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Jklpuma,"Near to Terraria, but upgraded version. Have good fights, good crafting and good system."
,Recommended,211820,8056114,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Zenoxq,Starbound is a great sandbox / adventure game with a beautiful and inviting art style. HIghly recomened!
,Recommended,211820,8475131,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,scabs,"It's a 2d sidescroller game with elements of survival. You progress by gathering raw materials and processing them into better equipment, all while exploring a procedurally generated universe. Literally a universe, there are around 100k~odd planets that can be landed on and explored. It's what Terraria should've been, if the ᴄunts had any fuᴄking sense besides making what basically became a 2d Minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,7935115,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ha[b]al snak pack??,If Terraria is 2d MinecraftStarbound is 2d Feed the Beast.10/10!
76561198075316765,Recommended,211820,7930521,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,arks,"I really recommend this game, too much to explore and test"
,Recommended,211820,8407074,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,snek,k
76561198005299048,Recommended,211820,7935471,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Pablo Powerbottom,"Successful elements of Terraria's core gameplay blended with fresh graphics, awesome new gameplay mechanics, and (what seems like) an infititely expanding sandbox. This isn't just Terraria in space. It's what Terraria would be if Terraria started mixing steroids and meth, won the lottery, and bought a spaceship.Best $15 I've spent in quite a while.USER BEWARE: Developers have warned players who participate in this stage of the beta not to get too attached to their characters. Some updates may require the player to create a new character."
,Recommended,211820,10015382,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Big  █▀█ █▄█ ▀█▀,"If you have ever played terraria (and enjoyed it) then you will LOVE starbound! But only hardcore sandbox fans will enjoy this game the most, you see... Starbound has such small limits and is such a large game that it overwhelmed me when i played my first sitting! Starbound should not be taken lightly and this is because it has so much depth yet not alot of direction. What i am trying to say here is that you cannot simply start this game and say ""okay i know what my objective is and how to get there"" what happend for me was... ""ummm... that was a short tutorial, what am i supposed to do now?... OH GOD I DIED OF HUNGER!"" Starbound is alot more punishing than terraria, monsters and aliens will instakill you if you are not prepared and the tutorial leads you to boss fight that you cannot win, and thats the main reason why i love this game! Because terraria was so easy i craved more difficulty and more content... Starbound satified my cravings and gave me dessert too. BUY THIS GAME PLZ ;)"
76561197986146166,Recommended,211820,8642757,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,RALPHIE,Starbound is Terraria in space. Enjoy the ride.
,Recommended,211820,7972973,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,oOFrostByteOo,"Amazing amount of content and depth for something in BETA! I've been waiting for a game like this for a long time. Similar to Terraria only you can travel to distant planets. There is so much potential in this game. I highly recommend, as good as most finished games and this one's just getting started."
,Recommended,211820,9075815,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Keyser Söze,Can't stop playing this. I used to play minecraft and got bored. This game is incredibly emersing and there is practically an unlimited amount and supply of building blocks. Literally anything is possible. 10/10 would pay more than $15 for.
,Recommended,211820,9127546,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Adrien,"Lovely game. Even though still in development it has some good things about it, Theres a good future for this game. It just has that feel, The feelign that makes you come back and play it more. Keep up the great work!"
,Recommended,211820,7947664,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Kosta,"Starbound, there really isn't many words to describe it. It's more or less the kind of game we all wish was created, but never saw done correctly, until now. With the open and randomly generated setting, combined with it's smooth 2D graphics, this really is the futuristic , RPG game that we all want so desperatly."
,Not Recommended,211820,25538374,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Paradox,"Game is amazing, love it. But it is horribly optimized I get like at best 20 fps when I mess with the config. When I change resolution the game breaks itself. Devs please optimize the game, just stop focusing on all the other♥♥♥♥♥♥u are doing to make the game better, and help make the game actually playable for computers that arent state of the art. My computer can run csgo at like 30 fps."
,Recommended,211820,9263632,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,King Pow Turtle,"Awesome game to play with friends. If you don't have any friends.... .....Mods are also pretty good! Adds alot of content and really fun. GET DIS GAME, YOU CAN DO EEEEETTTt"
,Recommended,211820,9628301,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Scully,"this game is totaly awsomne.go around and pillage glitch castles to fighting the dreaded deathwing and his crew.craft, mine, live, fight.An amazing game with RPG elements and survival elements. The soundtrack is beutiful and the game is too. Great game by great devs.STARBOUND!What are you waiting for?GO BUY IT!"
76561198083599966,Recommended,211820,30864666,Posted: 31 March,all,Geez™,"(I rarely ever write reviews but I just feel the need to write one for this game since I love it so much)*Now before we start with this review, I would like to state that my hours are a bit low. This would be because I didn't purchase this game until it was late beta. Before then my friend just copied the game files and let me use them to play with him. But I just felt the urge to support this game and paid the full $14.99 price. With my unrecorded time played added to the hours steam has recorded me play, I would estimate at around 500 hours of game time in total*------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Starbound is a game that is quite honestly difficult to review. Some say it's boring, some call it ""No Man's Sky but better"", while some call it ""Space Terraria."" But really, this game is not like any of that to me. This game has its own unique thing. Tons of people love to say ""I played this game back the BETA and this game was so much better back in the BETA"" but look, lets be honest. Theres a lot of people who played this game back in the beta. Not only that, but no one gives a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you played in the beta or not. It doesn't make you special if you did. The beta had good and bad things, just like the final version has good and bad things. (I will not be talking about what was in the beta and the good things that they had in the beta but did not add in the final version because it doesn't matte. It's not in the final version, and I'm reviewing the final version, not the beta.)The worst thing about Starbound that many can agree on is the story. The story is bad. It's awful. It makes the storyline of Skyrim seem amazing (lets be honest it was mediocre at best.) Some boss fights within the main quest of Starbound are fun, but really the story feels more like a chore than an actual fun memorable experience. But one thing that made Skyrim so good was that feeling of creating more of your own story with the freedom the game gave you, doing side quests, and you honestly just forgot about the main story. The same applies with Starbound. It's better to forge your own story. The game gives you the freedom to do so. Be a space merchant, or an adventurer, or a travelling bard, etc. You have the freedom to make your own story, it's just up to your creativity and imagination.Exploring in Starbound is really fun. There's tons of villages and dungeons to explore! And as you explore these villages and dungeons, there's loot to find! But if you get caught stealing certain items such as money or furniture, citizens will call the guards. Do quests for the villagers and earn their trust so you can recruit them as a part of your crew. You can read books you find to learn more about the lore of the game. Learn about the history of each species. Find out who it is the Avians worship, and why they worship him/her/it. Find out why there's a civil war among the Apex. Figure out why the Glitch act like they're in medieval times. There are ton's of things you can find and mysteries to uncover. Of course, after exploring for around 30 hours, you will start to find a bit of repitition in your exploring as you find a dungeon with the same layout (but different loot) of a previous dungeon you explored, but honestly you can't expect there to be over a billion planets with each having their own dungeons.Starbound has a large quantity of loot. There are hundreds of hats, weapons, armor, outfits, etc. to find! Weapons in Starbound are all unique in their own way! There are 1-handed and 2-handed melee weapons, shields, bows, wands, assault rifles, rocket launchers, pistols, snipers, you name it. Each weapon having different abilites, such as a sword to can stop time, or an assault rifle that also can shoot grenades. The massive amount of loot within the game leaves players wanting to explore planets and collect loot for many hours!Allow me to go in more detail about the creativity aspect, as Starbound is very easy to mod. In fact, it's almost like they encourage you to mod it. It's easy to make your own weapons, armor, clothes, anything really. It's very welcoming to those who are artistic or musically inclined! Now don't get me wrong, you do not have to be artistic or musically inclined to enjoy this game! I'm not very artistic but I still really enjoy this game! But if you're expecting a lot of action and fighting, I would not recommend buying this game. And that's really what this review comes down to: IF YOU'RE EXPECTING A LOT OF ACTION AND FIGHTING, I DON'T RECOMMEND BUYING.Finally, multiplayer. Holy sh*t. It can be a mess. This game is not dead but it certainly isn't as popular as it used to be. With that being said, there are only 5 servers that aren't dead, one being a private server. There are plenty of players looking for more server to joins but it seems no one wants to run a server in fear of it dying like so many have. If you have a few friends, you can easily just join each other's game off steam. But if you are looking to meet other players, I recommend searching for servers here:https://starbound-servers.netI could go on more but I feel I have covered the main points."
,Recommended,211820,24463395,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MagicalFishy,"I honestly don't have that much to say other than this game is simply amazing. It's definitely the best side-scrolling survival game out there. Exploring the ever-expanding universe is one of the most fun things I have ever been able to do inside of a game. The features in this game such as the pet system, fishing, fossil digging, music system, and many more are just beautiful."
,Recommended,211820,9312343,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Jimmy Juicebox,"Do you enjoy games like Terraria and King Arthur's Gold? Do you enjoy sci-fi movies or games? Do you enjoy a great time with your friends? Well then, you really should enjoy Starbound!Starbound gives you endless opportunities with building, customization, exploration, fighting, spelunking, and even more fighting. Being at the top 3 most played games on steam in its first beta stage, this game is sure to bring you some good fun. It includes tons of items, mobs, and bosses, ranging from a penguin in a giant ufo to a giant robot!The multiplayer aspect of this game is very well done. You and your friends can make bases, raid dungeons, fight monsters, set traps, destroy towns, buy hip clothes, and much more. This might even be the best part about Starbound!With great retro side-scrolling action, near perfect fighting mechanics, and endless hours of gameplay, Starbound deserves a rating of 10/10!"
,Recommended,211820,25174585,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,smektet,">universe>spaceship>craft>random worlds>creatures>farm>bosses>U$14,99 (R$24,99)10/10better than No man's sky"
,Recommended,211820,30801972,Posted: 28 March,all,DragonicKana,"This is a good game.Like Terraria, it has a 2D world.There are different races and different planets, which makes the game fun to explore."
,Recommended,211820,32549027,Posted: 18 June,all,edp0,"i paid, i played, i am happy. good game 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,32478556,Posted: 16 June,all,The Desirable Lord Buckethead,is no gay
,Recommended,211820,32325779,Posted: 10 June,all,Xousi,10/10 would kill mother poptop and leave baby poptops orphaned again.
,Recommended,211820,8010976,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Lux'Ildr,"It's Terraria 2.0 with space travel, conversational and independent NPCs and wOWIE WOW THGIS SOUFHNDTRACKFD"
,Recommended,211820,7936257,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Patrick,"Starbound is a futuristic survivor game with brilliant art-style and immersion. I love the subtle effects it provides like lighting and    trails from your swing. I will, however, warn you it is quite difficult and times and you should be careful. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,15408488,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Trooper,Pixel boobies.
,Recommended,211820,30609739,Posted: 19 March,all,GamerSoulz,Good game but needs decent RAM to play.
,Recommended,211820,20921407,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Quantum Solis,I loved the game can't wait till the next update.
,Recommended,211820,32794474,Posted: 25 June,all,ThinMint\,Oh it's a game alright
,Recommended,211820,30485453,Posted: 12 March,all,asian man,preeeeeety good from my behalf but my pc runs it a bit slower then its meant to be but overall good game
76561198032080065,Recommended,211820,23678408,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Dave-Grigger,Cant you just release this damn game yet? Good lord its been 3 years. Be like old school Nike commercials and JUST DO IT.
,Recommended,211820,8056746,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Grumpy Cunt,DIS GAME IS THE♥♥♥♥♥
65164527106452170,Recommended,211820,10212415,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,MediocrePigeon,"i love this game and i seriouslly love this game. The mods made by the community are really cool i recommend this game don't listen to the people that say it's over rated after all this game is great i think it's worth the 15$ the matter manipulator is... crap but you can get around that with mods that allow you upgrade it. it's interesting how great this game is compared to games that have a huge team to make a game that barely lives up to it's name. as for the game it's self is kinda lacking at the start, but in the end it really ends up what planet you spawn on. plenty of things to do as someone who loves survival sandbox games it gets a 8/10. because the game has great gameplay and plenty of things to do but the few things that are bad they are few but i only live on the surface i have now idea what the underground looks like but it's great and you should get it!"
,Recommended,211820,8637147,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,cd xx™,this is one of my favorite games. the music in the game is amazing and i would recomend it for anyone. This Game and Terraria are similar in the fact that they are both building games. this game is not as much building as it is exploration. they want you to explore not build.
,Recommended,211820,30933296,Posted: 3 April,all,BlueBlizzard,100% would recommended! This is one of my favourite games of all time!
,Recommended,211820,32427160,Posted: 15 June,all,♡ｃｈｉｃｏ,"I don't understand on why people kept on saying that this game is a copy of Terraria. Sure, the game's mechanics are awfully similar and the graphics are pixels, Starbound is a diferrent kind of game compared to Terraria. You start off in space, while in Terraria, you start off out of nowhere. Starbound has a story, Terraria doesn't. Starbound has a lot of original creations, including characters, weapons, enemies (even though they are similar to Pokemon), and bosses. Starbound also has a lot of flaws, but i'll let it pass on that. Overall, it's a great game. Multiplayer, play it with your friends. Just stop comparing all these games with other games, they're different games, different mechanics, and different ways to play it. 8/10, torches are invincible underwater."
76561198277346715,Recommended,211820,33187095,Posted: 3 July,all,Larry the Drive-By Victim,proper pengting
76561198091067317,Recommended,211820,8566839,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,InstaPwn,"The game is in early developement and it is very important to understand what that means before making your decision. The game shares a lot of mechanics with its predecessors, while at the same time standing out from the crowd by offering other mechanics. In its current state I would not recommend it for extreme gamers. It is currently a very casual type of game meant to be more fun than challenging. Completionist would enjoy the game with the indepth amount of things you can explore and collect ranging from worlds to researching every possible thing in the game. You have a codex where you collect information on every single thing, similar to the pokedex but way more detailed."
76561198047670586,Recommended,211820,8010372,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Yssagiel,"I love the game, it is great. But the recent updates made it very difficult due to the monster high damage and the weapon low damage dealt. Starting anew is much more complicated than before but i suppose it has it good sides. Many of the Legendary Weapons that i had before aren't even better than a iron dagger. Something has to be done about those Legendary Weapons. They are supposed to be stronger than most items, no? So why a simple Iron Dagger than i could use to spread butter on my toast stronger than a sword that throws a blast of pure energy?Even though it is still in BETA state, it has so much to offer and never ending fun and adventures to be done. Some of those adventures can be hard or seem impossible, but with patience and determination, you can do it and receive the rewards of such. It never stops, not a minute to waste! Hop in your ship and here you go!I hope the future of this game will bring it fortune and glory. This is a jewel of Indie gaming. Many indie games are made, and so much are scraps. But this one is a gem that shine bright as the light of hope. It shall brighten the dungeons of Indie game by getting a step further in the perfection, it deverse a high place in the leaderboard. Make your Beta Testers happy, ChuckleFish, make them get what they paid for and don't screw up!"
,Recommended,211820,7946812,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Filcuk,"This game feels so polished. Everything is running perfectly, controls feels natural and there are platformer mechanics involved making it even more enjoyable. Not even talking about loads,  Loads, LOADS of stuff to explore and create!"
,Recommended,211820,7995911,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Pancakekitty,"Terraria in Space, with multiple planets, procedurally generated worlds, creatures, and structures. Ton of potential, extremely playable at the moment even though it is Beta - Beware, Character Wipes are going to occur often until the second stage of Beta."
,Recommended,211820,18026571,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Jakk Rabbyt,"I dunno.... It's like, Terraria in space or something. It's awesome. I love it, but I hate it. But I love it. It's like crack or meth, but more fun, and without the loss of teeth, weight, and self respect."
,Recommended,211820,9032777,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Mello4eva,Awesome game
,Recommended,211820,9040555,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Толя (не мачо),This game is perfect!
76561198042754201,Recommended,211820,9101955,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,hindwers,A cool game witch is somthing worth trying if you like adventure games.
,Recommended,211820,8008533,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Luck & Pluck,"Only in beta as of now, but this game is fantastic. Every planet and biome is individually beautiful and atmospheric, with new things to find and enjoy on each one. Randomly generated EVERYTHING gives this game unlimited replayability, in addition to the massive universe at your fingertips. The combat is exciting, the enemies are cool, and the game itself is just good ol' fun. In addition, the feature of being able to use other players' star coordinates allows for you to explore the same cool stuff that they did. All in all, definitely worth the low price of $15. If you enjoy games like Terraria or Minecraft, you're gonna have a hell of a lot of fun with Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,7961224,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Omaeka,"It is very unlikely that you do not know what you're walking into with Starbound, so all I can say is that if it appeals to you, jump in. It is a beautiful rogue-like with fun lego style mechanics and possibly the biggest randomly generated persistent sandbox we'll ever see, even if it is quite simple in how it goes about it. If you even vaguely enjoyed Terraria then you're going to get incredible value for your money with Starbound.8/10"
,Recommended,211820,7999666,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Heck,EXPLORE PLANETS AND GET KILLED BY♥♥♥♥♥♥20 TIMES STRONGER THAN YOU
,Recommended,211820,8000738,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,saltine cracker,Starbound is an amazing game that takes alot of time to achieve items but is completely worth it in the long run. It never gets boring and is worth way more than 15$
,Recommended,211820,8446295,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Julian,get it faygoats
,Recommended,211820,28763255,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,gainesbros,10/10 would recommend
76561198069126317,Recommended,211820,8499385,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,T5 Chur,Even though this game is still in its beta is very enjoyable and i have already racked up a fair amount of game time
,Recommended,211820,8711575,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,☆★,"One of the best games I have ever played. Endless fun, there's never a point where you get bored of playing. And it's still in beta, so there's a lot more to come.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,9345650,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,ZestWhite,Great game but no update then play other game is better ._.ps. it really a great game but f.king dev not update this game*recomment the game but not recomment dev
,Recommended,211820,27169621,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,twitch.tv/TeozardYT,Best game of all time! Just like Terraria. :3 <3Atmosphere and music is so frickin cool! ^^
76561198059725998,Recommended,211820,9335296,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[SchubeTube] Mr. Schubert,"Blocky at its nature, Starbound is the best FPS I have ever played. I have slugged around corners killing communists, and nuked China. This game is an all around great FPS, minor one small detail: MY NAME IS NOT IN THE CREDITS. I created a youtube video on it, that totally spiked its populaity. It has 48 views. Without it Starobund would never be a famous FPS. If my name would be in the credits, it would get a 10/10. But for now, excusing that mistake, I am going to give this game a solid 8/10. It would be nice if there was more nudity, but you know, the goverment wont allow it."
,Recommended,211820,32275718,Posted: 8 June,all,DeFrohner,leuk
,Recommended,211820,9128439,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,You,this is totally a 5-star game
,Recommended,211820,34050359,Posted: 5 August,all,Cloud99,"If you like terraria, space, and storylines, then this game is for you!"
,Recommended,211820,8599228,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lucazio,awesome
76561198050433118,Recommended,211820,24713650,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Habe Dolmion's paev,"i'd consider this an upgrade to terraria, i like iton a side note: it breaks my heart that you have to craft a new teddy for ''the lost teddy'' mission instead of finding the old one"
,Recommended,211820,9357142,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,MonotoneMerc,Friend killed me with sawblade. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,10339863,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,redninja,"Awsome game, worth more than $15!Endless planets, endless wepons, randomly genorated mobs.Awsome NPC villigesChoose your raceExplore! Craft! Buld!Traval space find new ore!Ill give it a 8/10"
76561198040245878,Recommended,211820,29301802,Posted: 16 January,all,Firiniel,"Purchased the game in early access, haven't stopped playing since. Amazing, enjoyable gameplay, especially with friends. Highly recommended."
76561198052111008,Recommended,211820,8386523,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,bloodybrawl,"""SPAAAAAAACEEE""-Portal 2. I recommend this game because even in beta it has managed to have more content than its predecesor (Minecraft and Terraria) and also it's still going at it adding new content which will make it the best sandbox in existence and even when there done adding content you will have endless fun with this game."
,Recommended,211820,34711516,Posted: 3 September,all,Muffin Man,"10/10 would die and drop all items againAlso, colony feature is the best"
,Recommended,211820,34838738,Posted: 9 September,all,Demonith,Awesome NO MAN'S SKY just 2D :D
,Recommended,211820,30608515,Posted: 18 March,all,Yotsuba,"Better than Terraria, which was a better game than Minecraft.  What else is there to say?"
,Recommended,211820,25916046,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Zixaphir,"I've played this game since before version 1.0 and in its various stable, unstable, and nightly states. Early on, I would have told you the game was alright, but the devs didn't uphold their initial promise of quick updates delivered at least weekly. Eventually, they got updates to a good state, even through a company headquarters move, that also involved moving the development team. For a time, the game was fun, but aimless.Things have changed for the better, in my opinion. Where before, the pacing of the game was entirely based around when you felt like moving to the next tier via ""crafting"" the next boss, there's now a semi-decent plot to go with the experience. The gameplay has gone from from a largely procedurally generated effort with teired sectors of difficulty, to a more controlled, somewhat precreated effort with a nice bit of RNGesus goodness to keep things fresh. The result is that while planets still can feel same-y, there are actually secrets on and under the surface to keep things interesting, like dungeons, ""mini-dungeons"" (which are never bigger than a screen or two), and challenge rooms. Sadly, the storyline happens mostly outside of the RNG-generated worlds and instead takes place inside contained missions that have you teleporting to places you can't actually reach via flying around space, which feels like a missed opportunity, but this allows missions to structured properly outside of the rest of the game's sandbox, but unfortunately locks out out of tile manipulation, so your actual skills at combat and platforming will be tested.There's still lots of questionable design choices in Starbound, like that AI is often dumb and reacts oddly to actions such as crouching (I had one gun toting enemy just stand in front of me and let me take pot-shots at him until he died without reacting while I crouched behind a two-block high cover, for instance). A lot of the progression is locked to an ""item scanning"" system that may have you flying around to several planets hunnting the villages of a particular race that may or may not have all of the items you need to scan in it. The inventory has expanded into a tabbed system that forces items into their own individual categories, which keeps your equipment and the various terrain blocks you'll inevitably pick up separate, but it can make finding a particular item hard in a pinch (are my torches that I use all the time with my equipment and various upgrade items? No, they're with the furniture). The game also likes to ""blank"" out your hotkeys when you don't have any more of an item, whereas other games would leave a greyed-out ""zero"" indicator until you have more of a given item. There is also no dedicated ""exit all dialogs"" button, as far as I can tell. A friend of mine had more of an issue with this than I did, expecting ""jump"" to close all open dialogs, like inventory, container, or shop dialogs. But these are mostly nitpicks.As for new features, one thing I've particularly enjoyed that didn't exist in the earlier versions of the game that I played (there was a large gap where I'd stopped playing the pre-1.0 game) is the colony system. Previously there were tons of fancy towns, villages, or even just houses in the game that held native residents that... didn't do anything. These have been overhauled considerably to where they can now tell when you've destroyed property and may turn hostile to you. Also previously, you could attack the citizens of these towns accidentally, whereas now you can't attack them without first making them hostile. Where the colony system comes into play is that now you can build your own colonies from scratch, and by using race, job, or just special themed furniture, you can choose what types of people live there. There are guards, chefs, merchants, plain old villagers, and more. I'm currently trying to get a themed set for an All-Seeing Knight that involves building furniture with disembodied eyes. From the improvements to villages and the ability to make  your own, there's also procedurally generated quests you can get from any of the NPCs involved that can give you items or even a new member for your ship's crew, which is part of the ship progression path to add new rooms and functionality to your ship.Again, the game is a much stronger game than it was pre-1.0, and I liked it then. I've made multiple characters and had a great time while I've played it. The performance problems of pre-1.0 have been worked out, there's a strong progression backbone, and most of the gameplay and pacing issues I had problems with have been ironed out. Definitely a good game, especially if you're coming from something like Minecraft or Terraria and want something a bit more rooted in a linear plot, but with enough of that procedurally generated goodness to keep things fresh."
,Recommended,211820,25040609,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Timid Box,"This is the best game that I have ever played...It's like playing terraria with better animations, more items, more to explore, and different races.10/10"
76561198061201473,Recommended,211820,25542038,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,thepandalion,"I love this game so much. It's wonderfully designed and aesthetically beautiful - the graphics, animation, and the soundtrack are all dreamy. Together it leads to an absorbing atmosphere that is intriguing, full of lore and things to discover, adventure, and most of all the freedom to play the game how you want. If you like crafting, you can craft, if you prefer exploring, you can explore, if you want to make a farm, keep animals, upgrade armor, cook, or even just do some platforming, Starbound has all of this. Do a bit of each, a lot of one, ignore one altogether if you want to. It's easy to play this game in the way you want and that's what I love about it. It has so many options and possibilities but it doesn't force you into much. It gives you the stars and lets you at em. The game No Man's Sky wishes it was."
76561198283496670,Recommended,211820,25909783,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Starry Dragon,"This game has a lot of potential. Great graphics, great concept, good story. But you know what? I've played through it THREE TIMES. The whole main quest is short, and consists mostly of looking for stuff, and bossfights. While the boss mechanics are all different, and the obviously put effort into it, this game would be a bit better if you could CHOOSE weather or not to fight, and kill, and CHOOSE to try to reform the villains. I love the concept but I'd like to be able to JOIN the villain when she wants to destroy the universe. Even if it's not a good ending for me, playing the same, generally easy story arc over and over is tiring. I recommend this game, but if you want to have a more developed game, wait until it's more developed. I'm not writing this to keep you from getting it. PLEASE support this community. Peruse the mods, if you will. I reccomend this game highly! But don't expect a perfect game."
,Recommended,211820,31184409,Posted: 16 April,all,PunschrOlle,"This game is a masterpiece. With beautiful music, stunning hand-made pixelart animations and fantastic gameplay, I would argue that this game beats the Steam-top-seller Terraria by a fair bit.Pros:- Fantastic pixelart animations.- The Music is beautiful and captures the moment.- A lot to do.- Lore.- Clever two handed hotbar mechanic.- Many interesting achivements.- Steam trading cards.- A wiki page.Cons:- Game might have low replayability to some, as the main quest is (of course) always the same every playthrough.- This game could be considered to be a little bit grindy at times."
76561198199922428,Recommended,211820,26408724,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Forest,Me Starbound over Terraria this is a game woth getting.
,Recommended,211820,31306226,Posted: 22 April,all,elayis,i like it.
,Recommended,211820,22072686,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,ObsidianMoleRat,"First of all: This game is not Minecraft. Neither is it Terraria. Nor Garry's Mod. It is a deep game with a lot of humor and some interesting lore. Starbound is an sandbox game that make some of the others look kind of bland in comparison. It has cutscenes(WIP), Lore books, multi-species playable characters, and an entirely infinite universe. You know Terraria worlds aren't infinite. Minecraft is not infinite, which may be hard to believe because almost everyone who reviews it calls it infinite. In truth, those individuals have just not dug deep enough (so to speak) into the game's mechanics. When you get far enough into the world, the game eventually warps you a few blocks back. Anyway, I'd already really recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a decent, story-driven, fairly lighthearted sandbox. At the time I am posting this, the game is still in early access, but is still an incredible gaming experience. I hope you are somewhat convinced to buy this game after reading this review.(PS: Did I mention the music in this game is incredibly beautiful? Watch the trailer, you'll see.)"
76561198097112090,Recommended,211820,25612714,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,JoJoke,"Its like Terraria and what was promised to be in No Mans Sky put together at a nice price, dank♥♥♥♥♥♥m8"
,Recommended,211820,25920457,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,terminallyCapricious,"Everything about this game is amazing! the music, the gameplay, the style, the concept, the story, etc. This game is everything I want in a survival game, and more!10/10 :)"
,Not Recommended,211820,24663184,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Zinteck,"This game ended up being surprisingly stale, they cut a massive amount of functioning content that made the game more entertaining, leaving the game with little to stand on compared to it's predecessor or other games in it's genre.-The weapons are overbalanced and stratified (Magic is a joke, swords can attack in a combo but they get a huge delay afterwards if you do, all melee weapons are around the same level of slow etc.)-All the interesting flying and movement options are removed, the morphball is the only surviving relic of this stuff, but its useless and is never necessary out of dungeons, and because it lacks any special abilities all you do is move through tiny holes with it. Like how hard would it have been to make it drop a little energy bomb to solve switch puzzles or something?-The main questline requires you just running through same styled planets and clicking on furniture until you luck out enough to be able to play a dungeon. This could happen on your first try, or only be possible after around 5 hours of gameplay going through towns and planets per quest.The worst part of this is, the game USED to have interesting and fun content, there used to be more than one reason to go to a moon, there used to be fun flying techs and movement modifications. Weapons used to attack in reasonably diverse ways, and actually good ones used to exist. But all this functional and fun stuff that people enjoyed from early access was taken out.The only reason I could see, seeing as how all the stuff worked and was finished, is that they wanted these things to ""fit"" in the game. Like they wanted the morph ball to be useful, so they designed dungeons and levels with holes small enough to require it. But if say, someone had a jetpack, then any dungeon with a jumping puzzle would be trivialized. Thing is, they still have jumping techs in the game, because the ""meat"" of the game is still exploration, so you still can cheat at jumping puzzles, just not to the same extent. So in addition to failing there, this also means that you will never really be able to explore as easily as you want to, because the ""meat"" of the game is crippled by the devs inability to work around flight mechanics when designing pointless single item drop puzzle rooms.This game's skeleton is still a metroidvania, and do you know what metroidvania's AREN'T beloved for, platforming and balanced combat. Few people played Castlevania Symphony of the Night and then commented ""Wow I hate the crissaegrim, magic, and being a bat, climbing this tower while fighting the 800 medusa heads that spawned should have been WAY more tedious for me.""The changes made seem to reflect the dev's desire to make the game feel ""whole"" on release, no loose or frayed ends, and with mechanics at least ""loosely"" fitting in with what they've done, but the aspects of the gameplay they sought to preserve by removing content are the least palatable parts of the game, and now were stuck in a crippled snoozefest.In summary, the devs goofed with their decisionmaking and the game has suffered for it.Its a space game, throw in black hole guns, giant orbital beam cannons, jetpacks, lazer swords that can attack rapidly and in huge arcs, put in nukes that can unexist whole planets, either yielding huge mineral rewards or releashing eldritch terrors I need to fight with my ship. Throw in short range blink teleportation that doesnt suck. Make light not be an Issue for god sakes, I know the monster hunter logic of ""the more we cripple the player the more mechanics we can have to uncripple them"" and that makes sense for that game, but were in space for christ's sake, ALL suits would have A light on them, and there's enough other things going on that this wouldn't be missed. Put in high gravity planets, put in planets with poisonous food so you need to stock up. Throw in floating sky cities that hover on high density gas planets(real scientific possibilty for venus colonization). Or at the very least just put BACK in some of the fun that was removed.The game as it stands is you double jumping around samey rocks while swinging a sword one time a second and clicking alien pots to get to the next dungeon. All other content is either nigh pointless or removed, and what's left is boring.PS: This is reposted from a community discussion."
,Recommended,211820,8538489,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Freshie Fresh,Incredibly fun game.  Highly recommend picking this up if you enjoyed Terraria.  I cannot wait for further updates!
76561198057716805,Recommended,211820,8047263,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Aeon,"If you like Sci-fi, and if you like Terraria.... You'll love Starbound!"
76561198072232296,Recommended,211820,8351187,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Slick Willy,Recently got this game and it is great. Although it is only in beta it is an incredible game.
,Recommended,211820,8606509,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Harlifer,"Absolutely wonderful game, for Terraria lovers that want a more adventure and exploration based gameplay I highly recommend Starbound. A work in progress but for a game still in Beta the amount of content Starbound offers is awesome. 9/10."
76561198061075455,Recommended,211820,8626345,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Swift,"One of the best games i have ever played, and its still in Beta"
,Recommended,211820,8859057,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,α Thug Aim Ω,The no. 2 hat simulator in all of the land! Buy Terra...Starbound if you want a more full experience!
76561198047949641,Recommended,211820,7936190,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Bilbobangboom,"Fantastic game even in beta, cant imagine what it will be like at release, i have played for 6 hours roughly and havent even scratched the surface of this enormous game. when i purchased i expected a small 30-60 mb download since its a retro looking game... nope 1.3 gbs of glorious space survival sandbox, if u are a fan of survival games then immediately buy this with no hesitation, havent had this much fun exporing a game since the first time i booted up minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,7965013,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Brianna8cD,
,Recommended,211820,8737230,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Chance,"An excellent game, well worth the buy.  Incredible atmosphere & ambiance during gameplay, and absolutely stellar multiplayer play.Do be warned that Starbound is still in stage 1 and has not undergone many optimizations for different hardware configurations ... for example I have two gtx 780 ti's running in SLI and even under maximum performance settings I only get 40 fps.Still, I absolutely recommend buying this game now, even if it is laggy on your system - the devs are absolutely incredible with the community, and deserve everything they get from this game!"
,Recommended,211820,9336281,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,JackSmackM,"This game is really addicting, Especially when you play with friends :3. (probably better that minecraft in my oppinion)."
,Recommended,211820,9413706,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Winston,"To put it simple, this is an amazing game. This is one amazing 2D sandbox game, filled with great graphics and great gameplay. There is a large variety of things to do in this game, and you can even implement much more things into the game by installing mods into it. If you like Minecraft or Terraria, well, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,211820,9417867,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,♚K I И G♚,"Very Similar to Terraria,Yet a Completely Different Game in total.Starbound will bring you the side to real survival you havent had with Terraria.This game enhances the part of gaming you always loved and revives it with the aspect of fun,survival,pvp,online and entertainment."
76561198131736737,Recommended,211820,9792672,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,angelblade,this is the best game ever!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,15041043,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Labisch,"With implementation of a stronger story as it itches closer to an official release, Starbound is truly a wonderful gaming experience. Certainly providing more than 100 hours of eager exploration with friends, I often found myself lost in this game, even in early alpha stages."
,Recommended,211820,7935698,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Griffinhawk,"I've Been following this game for a while but while it is still only Beta I have been impressed by the quality of the workmanship put into this gem, Though starting out can be a little brutal don't let that discourage you."
,Recommended,211820,7955534,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,arat360,"While at first glance, this game may appear to be very similar to ""Terraria"", upon entering the game, players will find that it is much, much more.  One of the main flaws (In my opinion) of Terraria was that the worlds did not seem... Alive, per say.  Starbound corrects this with many different races and interesting worlds, all randomly generated in order to provide a more diverse set of enemies and planets.  Thats right, I said planets.  In Starbound your character is able to hop onboard a starship and fly between different planets.  Each planet has different resources and a different asthetic to it.  All in all, Starbound is an excellent game at the time of this review, and as it is still in Beta, I am excited to hear what will be coming next."
,Recommended,211820,8035026,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,MahvZero,Amazing. The Next-Gen of Terraria and then some!
,Recommended,211820,8040521,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,PimpChandler,"After about an hour of playing I can see that it is a very stable beta, excluding the expected character resets which aren't a problem if you don't mind resarting, which I personally don't.Complicated at first, but then interesting and easy to use inventory interface, HUD is minimal and great, but the favourite feature of this game for me is the soundtrack - paired with the art style of the game makes it an absolute joy to sit down and play.I haven't found any major bugs, Starbound feels smooth and gives a lot of customization to how you play the it, I'd reccomend it to anyone."
76561198010755414,Recommended,211820,8043010,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Prime,"Being a huge Terraria fan, I had to jump on this when the beta released.  I love it so far.  It is absolutely its own game while paying very respectful homage to Terraria.  In fact, it is easier to build now with how the tools and placement mechanics work.  I love that tools break down several blocks at once and fine tuning is as easy as shift clicking.  Blocks can be placed in the foreground or background making building easy.  I can't wait for this game to go 1.0 and beyond. If you enjoy building/creative games, try this out... or the Floransss will get you. =)"
,Not Recommended,211820,8062675,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,emporornu,"Update 8/16/14:  So while attempting to verify that this did in fact start as a kickstarter I see they decided to split the team up in order to fleece more people with not one but two other games.  Do everyone a favor if you happen to read this and DON'T support these crap business practices or this abusive company.I highly recommend everyone avoid this game/development house.  The most recent update includes known malware.  When it's been mentioned on the Chucklefish support forums they've ignored the posts, despite claims that they keep an attentive eye on them.  They've also closed threads regarding the malware claiming the are duplicate while continuing to ignore the original inquiries about the malware.  When I attempted to contact them vie their live chat or email they also ignored me.Additionally, they feel it neseccary to prod customers that have bought the game into buying their other games to help finance this one.  Ideally, Steam will get wise and wash the service of both the company and their games.  I'd say it's a shame, but it'd be more accurate to say it's a sham."
,Recommended,211820,8227553,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lawlzilla,Awesome game. Awesome.
,Recommended,211820,8374408,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,thepixelpanda,"this game is in beta so there are character restets. but this game is awesome. It's like skyrim and terraria combined. you can find cool weapons, armor etc. but the most crazy thing is... YOU CAN GO TO OTHER WORLDS!!!!!!!you can customize your character. and each race has a back story."
,Recommended,211820,8606603,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Toasticles,"Holy Balls this game is amazing, worth the money even in beta."
,Recommended,211820,9035331,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,StarFireReaper,"Starbound is a very good game, its game engine is based of Teraria but the game is vastly better and only in beta. If you like building games and freeroam than this is the game for you. The game also features in space and the devs paln for space combat and ship customisation 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,9094231,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ajv311,Cool Veriation of Terraria. A think the game at this point is a bit to early in its devolpment to be released but definitly consider it  in the future. planet idea is really cool and is done well.
76561198048899474,Recommended,211820,9198529,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ProbablyBias,Words cannot describe how much I love this game especially since its only in beta.
,Recommended,211820,24894086,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Smooth Silver SKIN.TRADE,"No Man's sky, BUT 9000x better"
76561197966557804,Not Recommended,211820,10152903,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,The Rabid Otter,"Meh. Not as good as Terraria. I'll play it some more and maybe then I'll change my mind, but it just wasn't as addictive as Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,7957547,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,my anaconda,"This is one of the best sandbox games since Terraria. The idea of being able to travel to different worlds and having different races, and etc. The many possibilities you can have in this game are nearly endless. In fact, this game is going to be played for a long, long while."
,Recommended,211820,8009056,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ziio,"Despite this game being in early beta and having some bugs, It is still better than some games that aren't even in beta nowadays! It plays well, runs brilliantly and is overall a blast to play! Get this game ASAP!"
,Recommended,211820,8736490,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,AgentChicken,"I was attacked by Poo in a sewer, then told i had a weird face by a plant person. 9/10"
76561198062632514,Recommended,211820,9612546,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,meh XD,"this game is usally thought to be just like terraria but it is a completely different game all together. yes it may look the same as terraria but this brings a whole new level to 2D gaming, with 2D gaming it brings a whole new base of survival agains enemys soo in 1st person shooters you can only see infront you but with games like terraria & starbound you can see aroung you at all times and you have the ablity to see ores underground because its 2D and you can see into the earth. Anyway what im trying to say is that this game is just like terraria but it adds a whole new level to it. Think if they had space travel in terraria this game would not be created but since terraria didn't people had the chance at making there own version of the game and changing it.To the people who made this wonderful game i thank you! (>^-^)>from: meh XD"
,Recommended,211820,7998406,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Naizsu,amazing game
,Recommended,211820,24473184,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Revenant,This soundtrack has to be one of the best I have ever heard in a long time. Custom monsters in each planet. I rate this game a solid 9/10.
76561198142111472,Recommended,211820,24654324,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,JoeFist,"Really cool. I saw a statue with xoliver137, and it turned out to be a youtuber. Also other statues of people who probably made the game. Really cool and weird."
,Recommended,211820,8022741,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Saturnine,"If i was to put it in words i would say this game is somewhere between terraria and mass effect. ( although im not sure about the mass effect part). It is a very good game to just waste time or for somebody who is bored. Its has thousands of different planets to explore, and many different types of dungeons to loot.  THe bad side is that this game can be a bit unstable as it gets updates very constantly, some deleting your save files and such. Overrall i'd say this is a good game."
76561198037258125,Recommended,211820,8081717,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,[TiC]Taxidermist,Why did I not buy this game sooner
76561198052266514,Recommended,211820,8215534,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,PZPiano,"Starbound is an fantastic sandbox survival game, and is so much better than terraria. it has some of the key elements of terraria but adds over 100 more. i strongly recomend this game to ANYONE. i got it last night and have already put 20 hours into it."
,Recommended,211820,7925215,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,TORIM,ОЧЕНЬ НРАВИТСЯ
76561198077660683,Recommended,211820,8001192,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kendrish Lambino,"Amazing game, like an upgraded version of Terraria and i have had loads of fun exploring this game."
76561197972331413,Recommended,211820,8186347,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mudoria,"This game while appealing at first. falls short on nearly all accounts.it plants it self as a terrairia clone for one, which is little value if you did not like terrariria.but looking at it from its own game, its a 2d minecraft with linear levels.everyone planet is the same. land. find resource. built fort. fight boss in dungeon. find valuable loot, leave, repeat.after about 5 planets my guy was one shotting everything and i found myself bored.its be nice if they had another element to the game such as survival waves or space battles.other wise its like angry birds - each level is nearly the same with different colors"
76561198051945783,Recommended,211820,8420294,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Striker,it's awesome
,Recommended,211820,8613562,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,fenwin_dirk,"I love this game. It has an old school feel, which goes well with the pixelated graphics. I spent over 4 hours mining, which gave me flashbacks of DigDug, but was not ever bored."
,Recommended,211820,8049996,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mike_suthard,"So far, a very nice and much playable game for being in alpha, So far I have never run into any gamebreaking bugs. It may have some character resets after each major patch. But its worth it to restart. If you like Adventure RPG type games, I would recommend Starbound."
76561198055208369,Recommended,211820,8185732,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Zoomander,"A great game that will keep you coming back for more, while it is quite buggy (for me atleast) itll still pull you back to that one planet where theres that one thing you want for some reason. The combat is great and can be quit diverse as well as the items and settlements that youll find. If you liked games such as Minecraft and Terria youll love Starbound.Its main flaw is you'll lose your social life guranteed."
76561198116219032,Recommended,211820,8339138,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cjchambers17,"one of the best 2d games ive played. dont ask me if its like terraria because i doubt youd like it if i said terraria was 2d minecraft. get this if you like space themed terrraria plus some different things not possible for terraria to pull off. you know i could talk about this all day if you like action,2d,adventure, and space get this"
,Recommended,211820,8541944,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Te Old Spice Man,very fun i like it alot better then terraria bettter with friends. It seems alot more polished with a cool atmospher a very fun game
76561197968312236,Recommended,211820,8603504,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,WerT |vT|,"It is pretty good, if you liked terraria it is a winner."
,Recommended,211820,8855862,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,ezfe,I love this game.
76561197993018154,Recommended,211820,8047427,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Howitzer,"For $15, this game has more to offer in beta than a lot of games almost five times the price of it."
,Recommended,211820,8376906,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Miki,"Skvelá hra, už aby byla full a ne pouze beta."
76561198051083760,Recommended,211820,8999061,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,clock boy,its pretty good
,Recommended,211820,9148971,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,The Most Powerful Pingu,"Shrek is love, Shrek is life"
,Not Recommended,211820,9969471,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,AlexThunderbird,The game itself is pretty boringBut what killed the game is the game company behind itThey havent released a single update for 5 months nowThey promised to work on the gameAnd only talk about it nowThey moved away and only used the money to boastIts a failed terraria cloneTerraria is just more polished and beautifulThis game promised so much and offers little to nothing
,Recommended,211820,15220121,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Potatosalad,This game gave me trust issues11/10
,Recommended,211820,7964763,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dr. Pig,"This game is awesome! If you can afford to get it and you have a good computer, get it!!"
76561198008114542,Recommended,211820,8184270,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Atlas094,Starbound m8..........yes m8.......
,Recommended,211820,8265723,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,motorthud,"This game is amazing. It allows you free-world(free-universe?) exploration making it feel very open, yet it gently guides you along a path at the beginning telling you what you need to know. It combines the fun and intersting elements of Terraria with a sci-fi theme of FTL and you never know what you're going to find on each planet or cavern. The only problem I have with it is its somewhat hefty price (for a Steam game, anyways) and the patches. The most recent one wiped my planet and ship, so the best advice for that is just to never update or buy until the patch comes out that fixes it, or miss out on a perfectly good game by not buying it. Out of 10, I'd say it's a 9 or 9.5."
76561198074877974,Recommended,211820,8287516,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Coop,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,8004300,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,RavangerGTS,"If you enjoyed Terraria, you will enjoy this game."
,Recommended,211820,8035650,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Captain Kitten,"While it may look essentially like Terraria but in space, it is actually.......Terraria but in space. But wait, there's more!. Starbound is 10x better than Terraria in every aspect (well apart from the combat, but that's being addressed even as I write this), what with the ability to create entire towns and even a civilization, completely under your control.You have complete freedom to explore right from the get go (provided you acquire enough resources from your starting planet) and see a massive plethora of worlds(around 200 billion worlds added so far), each a part of one giant sector and each sector a part of one gigantic universe, that is constantly expanding with each update.And if that doesn't excite you, the game is completely moddifiable, right down to the base code allowing even the most brain dead of gamers who haven't a single clue how to even edit a simple text file, to implement whatever their hearts desire (tired of your spaceship?, want to fly around in the USS Enterprise or a Star Destroyer?, just design it in an image editing software, follow an in depth guide from the starbound forums so you can implement it and there we go!).And this is all just in the early access beta phase and at a reasonable price of £11.99. You honestly can't go wrong with buying this, it's not only very fun to play alone but extremely enjoyable when with others, and thanks to the game being so similar to Terraria it is very simple to set up your own home made server for all your friends to join.Overall I highly recommend acquiring this game, it is one of the best games out there and is one of the most popular on steam at this moment, so hurry up and get this game right now!."
76561198037483462,Recommended,211820,8046442,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Crompton™,yes
,Recommended,211820,8277140,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,alep,It's an awesome game. Truly awesome. Milk. Get it you won't we dissapointed ;D
76561198014606835,Not Recommended,211820,9992701,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Sachet Gras,"Awesome game played it for hours but sooner or later you'll feel a lack of content, i hoped for an update, it's been 3 month and i'm getting tired of waiting."
,Recommended,211820,8024704,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Bearo,"This game is incredible. Its far different then Terraria as it seems to be a common misconception.Though in beta, the game offers alot of playability and has already huge updates since its release a few days ago. Yes, it is one of those collect items, craft things games, however its very indepth. It puts a focus on exploring randomly generated planets in the massive universe you can explore with your friends. There are many creatures to be fought, items to be gained, armour to be crafted, cities to be discovered, bosses to be beat, and so forth. The game even with its huge progression system, is overall a giant sandbox. You can choose to explore and find treasures in the universe, or build bases or cities with materials you have crafted and found. You can mine down and find rare ores and mobs (This is the closest the game gets to Terraria). Or you can try to apply yourself to fighting the tough monsters of higher worlds. The games combat has multiple functions, be it swords, shields, longer weaponry, bows, guns, that all behave far differently then just clicking a button for general damage. There is also upgrades of tech you can find to permenently upgrade your character giving them rad skills for fighting and exploring.The music in the game is beutiful, giving off much of a soul touching sifi and explortive vibe. The graphics are less blocky then most games of the genre, and add alot of unique structures you can obtain.The game is full of npcs and villages or cities that add a huge layer of emersion to the feeling of exploring. The races you can choose make it apear as the game has culture in its own regaurds.Over all I can say this game is brilliant sandbox that has a Terraria inspired vibe but plays and looks and sounds far different.If you are a fan of Terraria or Minecraft this game is a must try for you.If you havnt played any of those games then this game offers a new expierence for you that is extremely welcoming.I highly reccomend this game to people who find the slightest interest in it.Remember this game's still in Early Beta. Many enhancements, changes, and extra content is missing, but knowing whats to come makes the ride all the more fulfilling. If you do try this beta, check the forums allot to suggest and help out in devloping the game, The Devs are listioning!"
,Recommended,211820,8041006,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Mort,"Despite some balancing issues (as this is an early access game), I have found this to be an excellent successor to Terraria.Helpful tip for PC users: If you are experiencing crashes when trying to launch the game, change the launcher.exe to run in administrator mode - this will likely clear up your issues."
,Recommended,211820,8152593,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Ominous Bagel,"It's obvious that if you like Terraria, you'll adore this game."
76561197974845184,Recommended,211820,9435867,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Mykopath,"Extremely fun and addicting game. Very in depth worlds with all kinds of different cause and effects. Making every new world you explore that much more fun. From prisons, to science labs, to the depths of hell, excellent game through and through."
,Recommended,211820,8441014,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dr.jaws,"Space Terraira, Also known as a better version of terraria."
,Recommended,211820,28314282,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Heinz Ketchup,"beutiful, amazing, when i originaly played this game i thought it was just a clone of terrarria, i was wrong i cant really describe how amazing this game is, its just amazing"
,Recommended,211820,24579440,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Uptagon,It's a step up from alpha
,Recommended,211820,8446686,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,yo2joe,"I have recently bought this game and played it for a couple of days, and I think that Starbound is phenominal. The amount of the variety of weapons, materials, planets, solar systems, decorations and randomly generated structures are endless. The game has a bright future and is developing sucsessfully, and at beta only I am amazed! I would definitely recommend anyone to buy this game, especially if you enjoy games such as Terraria. Also the multiplayer is so simple to put up, I've pretty much only played with my friends and it makes the game so much more fun to explore, mine and build."
,Recommended,211820,32316591,Posted: 10 June,all,Gerhard of Replica,This is the game both No Man's Sky and Mass Effect Andromeda wish they were.
76561198085045602,Recommended,211820,33606034,Posted: 17 July,all,DerangedDerp,"Its like a cutsey space version of terraria, whats not to love?"
76561198069008560,Recommended,211820,33326507,Posted: 6 July,all,Dr. Bullseye,Terraria with guns and spacehips.
76561198021962149,Recommended,211820,8629176,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SpaceGhostToast,"Beyond worth the money!!! Last character wipe coming in next patch so I advise purchasing after, then go balls deep in this game!"
76561198051051035,Recommended,211820,29788767,Posted: 8 February,all,Georgi,Fun game to play with friends.
,Recommended,211820,8779411,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,SyrianSloth,"Starbound, ah starbound, this game is literally terraria with SPACE, and i dont know about you, but i love space, there are millions of planets to explore in each SECTOR, you unlock sectors by defeating intimidating bosses like a penguin in a ufo (i dont know about you but i think that is absolutely terrifying :P) and they are adding more bosses and more adventure! it may seem asthough it gets boring but heres the best part, WEAPONS! unlike terraria this game has randomly generated weapons! RANDOMLY GENERATED. this means that you wont find the same gun, however there is something else i didnt mension, Monsters, they are randomly generated aswell,  i can find an intimidating looking monster, and then, hes peaceful, the game actually has a storyline and you can find peoples books and journals and see what they have written, you can find civilizations to the different races you can play as, and when a guard sees you with a weapon he gets suspicious and asks you to put it away, not doing so results in being attacked. Starbound is a wondeful little game, and i suggest you get it, the animations are wonderful aswell, keep up with this game athttp://playstarbound.com"
,Recommended,211820,26415147,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,5iM,"""yeah, I was with starbound when it was in its first couple of versions (It kinda sucked). But when i played it today it was ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZED. The Dev added so many new♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and the build. You can visit the whole ♥♥♥♥ing universe now, ♥♥♥♥ing wow. Im so amazed i must write a review full of swear words to elaborate how ♥♥♥♥ing impressed i am.""- Quoted from me 4/11/16 4:27"
,Recommended,211820,28031875,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Swooz,- Torrented the game after a friend of mine was blabbering about it for so long.- Play with friends for literally weeks building bases and finally killing the lore boss and had ALOT of fun.- Literally bought it only to support the devs.10/10 would reccomend.
76561198028590621,Recommended,211820,34162944,Posted: 11 August,all,HBauzer,Like Terraria but good.
,Recommended,211820,26226944,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kal,Should come with an addiction warning.If you like sandboxes and building/customising your game. This is one you will love.Worth every penny.
,Recommended,211820,9996437,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Femix Zn,"Starbound is a very interesting - and I would even venture to say innovative - game. It's a sandbox game like Minecraft, with 2D roots from Terraria. What makes it innovative? A number of things.For starters, Starbound isn't just pseudo-fantasy themed like either of the formers. It's space. The final frontier, some would say, and a vast one at that. Granted, the worlds being randomly generated from what is in the game so far leave something to be desired, but take it with a grain of salt. It is early beta, after all. (Besides, space faction battles anyone?)The pixelated art style is by no means innovative, but the dynamic lighting and organic animation adds a nice flare to the 8-bit art. That, combined with the atmosphere (or lack thereof) of space and awe-inspiring music keeps pulling my attention.Another aspect that sets Starbound apart from the others is the lore. It might not be apparent at the surface, but Starbound has a story to tell and a decent-sized cast of characters. This isn't just humans trekking through the stars (though they certainly exist here), but other races as well with different governments and the likes.The Apex are an ape-like species being supressed by a 1984-style totalitarianism. Florans, who, although primitive plant creatures, are very fierce. The Hylotl are rather silly, essentially being Japanese fish (koi?), yet still very attractive. Avians are bird people (kinda like Falco from Star Fox) with a mayan-esque culture. Then there are Glitches, who are robotic people with a medieval flare. And finally there is the Novakid, which are beings of light with a taste for cowboy hats?Okay, so the lore is a little bit cartoon-ish, but it's still very interesting and worth a read.Now, the game is still deep in the development cycle, so there are a lot of features that will change as the game improves, but it is entirely playable as is and will probably devour hours upon hours of you and your friends' free time. But, do take this word of advice, and be mindful of meteor showers. :)"
76561198204292148,Recommended,211820,25679604,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,TheVeryShyguy,"When i first bought this game in early 2014, when it was in early acces, i had no idea that it would transform into the game that it is today, while the story is a tad basic, the sandbox element is really thought-out. It has an almost unlimited amount of possibilities, thanks to procedural generation, and mods! This is a fantastic game that i recommend to anyone who likes sandbox sci-fi games. Take my world for it, you will not regret this puchase."
76561198275558195,Recommended,211820,30429411,Posted: 10 March,all,Mr.G,"This is an amazing game you can never stop playing, theres never nothing to do."
,Recommended,211820,18519887,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Helmet_H34D,10/10 the 1.0 video made me sad because i can't play it. (my graphics card is baaaad) ;--; i cri evry tim. That moment when you have 252 MB of graphics and you need 256 MB.
,Recommended,211820,8474152,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sigma,StarboundCatagoryScoreStory8.5combat7.9ReplayValue9.5MultiePlayer9.5Game OverviewThis is a great game with great story you can make your own backstory go on adventures or settle down and make a farm and a quality or even go LARGE SPOILER ALERTDefeaet astranox and destroy the tenticle monster that destroid earthand there is great replay value with lots to see and great multiplayer!!!RatingI Rate this 9/10I have bin playing since the early early access stages and 2 years ago I rated this 8/10
,Recommended,211820,7937224,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Zyeox,"For being a beta this game sure has a lot to do and see. Being able to travel to different planets is great!!! The soundtrack is great and really adds to the atmosphere of the game. From multiple races to randomly generated planets, dungeons, monsters and space travel this game has it all. If you liked Terraria and wished for more from it then this is your game. Highly recommend it to anyone!! SO MUCH STUFF TO CRAFT!!!"
,Recommended,211820,32741346,Posted: 24 June,all,kauboj,This is basically No Man's Sky. Except it's 2D. And is actually good.
,Recommended,211820,25521251,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Clown Orgasms,"Imagine No man's sky, but actually good. You gpt this game."
,Recommended,211820,18068944,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Toppest of Ananas,"Starbound is a game of exploring alien worlds, building places and generally just adventuring. Here's my review on this game.This game has many things to explore and such, but it falls short on so many things, things such as randomization, replayability, story, and things to do, I will express my complaints about this game in this review.RandomizationThe game makes many procedually generated things for content, things such as swords, guns, the world, and monsters.However, this doesnt do anything to complement each other and all they do is apply different skins to something that's just the same. Monsters look different, but they dont FEEL different, worlds look different, but they lack in awe, an example of a game that delivers awe in generation is Terraria, having many amazing cliffs, cave systems, and swamps and the like. Weapons are just the same deal with monsters, they look different, but they dont have the personal attachment I'd want to something like that, one weapon is better? Great! You throw your older weapon away, not because how it looks or FEELS, but on the stats.RacesDifferent races are a key feature in Starbound, however, they have been dumbed down to the level that they dont have anything special about them. They dont have special abilities that one race has, while another lacks, they dont have special weapons (which they had in previous builds) and they feel very one dimensional and do not seem to feel very real. A complaint I have is the fact that they used to have different weapons and armour, but then Chucklefish removed all of them for some generic ore-based weaponary. None of the races feel special, they're all the same and lack any key defining features.""Random"" Villages and DungeonsThe villages and dungeons, in my opinion feel lacking, they're places you can come to and steal materials from, buy things from, and get dumb fetch quests from. They lack in interaction, as all the NPCs seem to want to do is give you stupid, repetitive fetch quests, and talk to you. The dungeons are very plain dungeons with loot and monsters strewn about, no boss fights or anything memorable about them, they just have different types of enemies that you have to hack and slash.StoryThe story starts by the protagonist staying on Earth, graduating at the Protectorate Mega-Super-Nicevile Station, when, OH NO! Gigantic ♥♥♥♥ing tentacle monsterLiterally rips EARTH apart and DEVOURS it.But whats that? YOU, YOURSELF is chosen to be the ""Saviour of the GALAXY?"" Wow, how convenient! The story is so, so, SO stupidly cliche, it HURTS. The ""Super mega bad dude"" is a ♥♥♥♥ing gigantic tentacle monster that floats through space, no, not some evil faction comprised of rag-tag maniacs, it's a ♥♥♥♥ING. GIGANTIC. TENTACLE. MONSTER. The ""Side Villains"" are some human racist group of cultist maniacs that praise the gigantic monster that literally ♥♥♥♥ing ate their planet whole. The story ends as the ""Chosen One"" killing The Ruin, when he/she defeats The Ruin, it explodes and kills the protagonist.But what's that? The Chosen One cant die! He/She has to be revived by some all-seeing space dust god. Amazing.CombatThe combat in this game is very dull, all the randomly generated monsters dont have anything special about them, therefor not complementing the very basic weapons system they implemented in the game. The special monsters (Ones that are handcrafted by the development team) are somewhat special, but they dont have anything cool or unique to them during combat, as all you do is hack, and slash, or shoot. No dodging, no unique way to deal damage. Just hack, shoot, and slash. That's about it for combat. Its plain, and dull. Some monsters require you to WAIT to deal damage, this gets annoying as they tend to spawn in massive groups.ColonizationColonization in this game is very plain. Think of any basic building game, add in some tenants, and you have the Colonization system in Starbound. The tenants dont serve much of a purpose other than to give dull, repetitive fetch quests and trash for rent. There are no special events for colonies. No random attacks from space pirates, no requests from tenants, no micromanaging. The colonization system in Starbound is a plain, barebones version of literally every other town-management game.PlanetsThe planets in Starbound are unique and fun, but are very, very basic. They dont have that ""Wow"" factor to them, they're all generic planets with simple biomes assigned to them. Think Earth biomes, but seperate them to different planets. Nothing about the planets have a spacey, adventurous feeling. They're very basic and reminicent of the biomes on Earth.Tying it all upStarbound is a game I love, I have many good memories of this game but there is so much wasted potential in this game. This review consists of the shortcomings and complaints I have with this game, and with that, I'll give it a final score of 6/10. Its a very good game and I'd recommend it any day to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,24467199,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,glugplug,after 400 years of early access development it will have hopefully been worth the wait
,Recommended,211820,29496806,Posted: 25 January,all,oko | Hypercubed,"Now, Ive played this game A LOT. At the time of writing this it's 260 hours. I've played this game sense the closed alpha, and I can say i'm not dissipointed in how this game has changed over the years. Let's start from the beginning.Closed Alpha:The base content we all know was in the game, and there were 2 tiers of planets in the first (and only) sector: Forest(Lush) and Desert. Food was in the game via a bar in the top right screen, and temperature was a mechanic. standing near a fire gave you heat, while standing in water cooled you down. I recall clothes gave you warmth. There was no weather, and ships used wood for fuel. The only structure I ever found was an very early avian village and some gear trap. Oh, and one handed weapons were actually viable.Beta:It's hard to list the beta in one review because of how long it went on. From early 2012 to mid 2016, the amount of content added was immense. Food and tempurature were replaced with a new mechanic, Protection Packs. There was a weapon overhaul, moons were added, and there were 10 sectors. One of the biggest changes was the ""Space stations"" a new feature that was a big city on a ship in the brand new astroid biome.  This changed into the outpost that we know today. You accessed it by going to a monolith which is where you open vaults today. Novakids were added from their kickstarter stretch goal. Quests were added and were very different. The erchious mining facility stayed pretty simular as it is today, though it was much more challenging than now. The floran temple was actually a floran ambush, and there was no nuru. Dreadwing and shockhopper were fought on planets, then moved to quests given by a penguin. Pets were added, farming was completely redone, they added nanotechs and replaced Protection packs, planets were removed from sectors in favor of a new solar system ideolagy, lore was added and then... progress stopped. A few bug fixes were added, but nothing substantial. for about 6 months people waited for an update...1.0 and beyond:Out of nowhere unstable stopped having nightly builds. Starbound 1.0 unstable had been released. I first was upset to find they removed many features. nanotechs and drawables. Modding was essentially reworked, forcing modders to completely remake their mods. But looking back the features they added compensate for this. thousands of items, biomes, settlements, quests, animals, planets, cutscenes, and mechanics were introduced. The whole story was redone and EPPs (Protection packs) were back. Most of you reading already know 1.0's features, so I won't bore you with them.This is currently where we are today, the 1.2 update. I'm an active modder and done almost everything. I talk with the community and have played a little over a child's lifetime.Thank you starbound for bringing endless fun to people through games. Stardew valley is getting it's big update now, and im planning on playing and modding that a ton as well.I would rate this a 10/10 no questions asked."
76561198296934384,Recommended,211820,32746361,Posted: 24 June,all,Dank Hank,"3/5, no bagpipe or low brass instruments"
,Recommended,211820,9989844,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,walldog,"♥♥♥♥ you, Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,7989360,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,"LHI (unused act, add id/cone2)","Just like terraria, except it isn't absolute garbage.Huh, I guess it isn't much like Terarria."
,Recommended,211820,10412856,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,乙 | JahnMan,"I love this game. It's a pain doing everything there is to do and then having to wait for the next update to make any progress but that's what a beta is. I hated Terraria but I love starbound. Great game, cant wait for updates."
,Recommended,211820,8062594,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,WaterShocker,"While it would seem a hard task to write a review for a technically incomplete game (The game is still in Early Access at the time of writing) Starbound already shines in its own merits. But please do not consider this a complete review by any means.Building on the theme of exploration, finding materials, common and rare, and creating your own items, the game entices the player to explore vast planets and interact with randomly generated lifeforms, hostile and friendly, leave their mark on their planet, and continue to do so in other planets. Survival and creativity strike a fine balance here that leads to very addicting gameplay mechanics. This is one adventure that's definitely worth getting into early. It will excite you now, and will excite you even more once completed."
76561198031469144,Recommended,211820,24636886,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,oohHELLnoo,"wonderfull , just wonderfull"
76561198077512228,Recommended,211820,24475868,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Iaeyan Elyuex,"Gee, thanks, Chucklefish. Your game is keeping me from doing my college schoolwork. If I don't stop playing your game, I'm going to fall behind. I have to choose between this and getting good grades, and my grades are starting to matter less and less to me now.Way to ruin lives with an awesome game. Gee whiz."
76561198035966020,Recommended,211820,24471027,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Leif,"I've been following this game for a few years prior to release and have been around to see the development and progression so I thought I'd take what I've seen and write a review.Starbound has through its development become an extremely well fleshed out game. The development team has worked with players since day one and incorporated feedback extremely well. This has resulted in a very well balanced game, which caters to many different play styles and offers many hours of entertainment and fun. It's simple, fun, satisfying, and kind of beautiful.At a time when so many development teams are doing early release on their games just to make money off of an unfishied product, Starbound did early release right. Years of hard work, working with players and fans, and love have coalesced into a really fun game. Don't just take my word for it, go explore the stars."
,Recommended,211820,30510435,Posted: 14 March,all,DD [The Dignitary],"Prenote: I bought Starbound first in 2013 at the time of the Enraged Koala Update. The game currently sits at 1.1, and a lot has changed, majorly the game's progression system.Starbound is a game I personally recommend when people want to look at Early Access games done right. It's a game that changed a lot from it's first incarnation, but the nice thing is that the first incarnation was more than a pre-alpha. That is a huge thing. Starbound was a game when it was first released in Early Access.However, we're not in early access anymore. We're on 1.1. And a lot has changed. Progression is no longer determined by defeating arbitrary bosses, but instead by the level of gear one has. Combat has been overhauled and ranged weapons are properly available in the game. There is a main plotline beyond the introductory tutorials.Speaking of the plot, it's truly one of the highlights of Starbound. The only real gripes I have with it is that it's an awfully generic sci-fi plot, and that the amount of content for the plot (7 missions including the final boss) is very short. The missions the plot takes place in are very good however. Every bit of the mission feels like it was designed to not just look pretty, but actually serves a purpose.Starbound clearly focuses more on Building bases than on Combat. To that end there is a large amount of blocks, furniture and related items available. The problem I had with the building is that there are so choices in blocks and furniture, that sometimes it becomes very hard to choose the correct one, and I end up cramming my bases full with furniture, without leaving any breathing room. Furthermore, the toolbar of Starbound is designed to quickly allow for switching between weapons (you get 6x2 space on one toolbar), but quickly becomes a hassle when building.One thing that I definetly praise about Starbound is it's modding support. The base game is by no means lackluster, but the mere fact that the developers designed their game to be modded is a large plus point to me.Starbound is likely to offer you many hours of gameplay, although the only issue is finding what to do. Often I felt like 'what now'. That may just be my uncreative spirit, but the game intentionally doesn't really force you into any direction after the main plotline is over, so that's a minor issue I had with it.Pros:- Fun gameplay.- Large world, that actually feels unique (looking at NMS here).- Game has lots of content for builders.- Designed for modding.Cons:- Your spaceship eventually gets too big to the point of  'what am I supposed to do with it'.- Relatively lackluster combat when compared to other games of it's type.- Toolbar is designed for combat, yet primary gameplay is building things.Rating: The International Space Station/10"
,Recommended,211820,25529121,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,That Dammek,This game is seriously amazingJust if it wasn't so glitchy. It keeps getting broken over and over and over.
,Recommended,211820,34869558,Posted: 10 September,all,Kankree,You can carry a lit campfire in your pocket.The future is now.
,Recommended,211820,8204796,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,vertu,This game is much less tedious than other games of this genre.  It feels less like work and more like play which is a pretty important aspect of any game in general.  There's more to do (like exploration) and more items to keep your attention than other comprable games.  I would highly reccomend it to those who only somewhat liked Minecraft or Terraria.  This is a step up.
,Recommended,211820,15673512,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,dPax | walla fralla,"Have you bought this game yet? If you havent, I will be dissapointed. Its worth the money, just think about Terraria... IN SPACE! (With shaders)Go ahead, buy this game. I recommend it so much....Even though I lost my savefile, I tried again and got to end game."
,Recommended,211820,29991681,Posted: 17 February,all,gnode,"Take Terraria and add space and you got Starbound. Outstanding game, you can build, fly to other planets, and upgrade your character's armor and other useful objects."
76561198042907669,Not Recommended,211820,12356681,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ozyx,Unpolished and repetitive in its current state. Has a great potential though. Do not recommend for NOW.
,Recommended,211820,23425675,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,A7L3S,"Alright. I've had this game since release, I dont have that many hours, and it may not be finished, and I can keep using comma's to make this more interesting, but I can still say that this game is a great exploration and sandbox game well worth any rpg and sandbox fan out there. There isnt much more to it than a great soundtrack and story. the game has progressed far beyond how it was at the beginning. Buy it yourself to see; thats all I have to say."
76561198129038413,Recommended,211820,23263899,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,ElectronicShadow,"If you haven't played Starbound, get it. It's so fun and you can do so many things. Yes, it is like Terraria. I own both games, but Starbound stood out because it has a new space exploration feature to it. You get to explore, yes, but explore other worlds as you fight new bosses and conquer every place you go. Hours and hours of fun by myself, or with friends! Great game overall, many things to think of in this fun, multiplayer, pixel - based game."
76561197963892343,Not Recommended,211820,28700713,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,TOS_Orami,"This game has the feeling of just being drawn out more than it should be.  It is not worth the full price, but if you love terraria you may or may not like this game."
76561198188510027,Recommended,211820,15703275,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Toastmaster,its really fun still in beta but fun
,Recommended,211820,16540638,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The Paleblood Hunter,"A large world free for you to explore and customize to your heart's content.However, the actually gameplay such as combat and mining is reppettitive and gets boring fast.The mini-quests are shallow and are often just get me this or get me that.The main quests, specifically the ones that send you into custom dungeons are fairly fun and provided enough intresting gameplay to convince me to finish them.Most of the time I just spawned in a bunch of items and went exploring, collecting as much cool artifacts as I could, trying to make my spaceships into a flying museam.So if you're here for fast-paced, well-made gameplay mechanics and narrative, this is not a game for you.If you like an large open sandbox world for you to explore and mess around in then you should give this game a try.I personally like exploring more than the gameplay when it comes to this type of game so I found it a decent expirience.7/10"
,Recommended,211820,29814777,Posted: 9 February,all,Aekiydllan,"It's like No Man's Sky, except way better."
76561197998533829,Recommended,211820,25110243,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Razorhuggs,"I can't recommended this game highly enough. Its minecraft, in space, with a story, on steroids. I’ve played for over 200 hours and I honestly expect to play for another 200 more. Its all the freedom you want in a sandbox game but enough structure and lore to make the universe feel really ""alive"". I’ve built little wooden huts on farming worlds and I've built space stations in asteroid belts with zero G train to my own private moon lair. The possibilities for role playing in this game are really endless even outside a sci-fi setting so I'm amazed its not one of the main tags for this game. If your an adventurer at heart ... Play."
,Recommended,211820,30846745,Posted: 30 March,all,Orphan Jimmy,"BUY THIS GAME NOWThis game is basically No Man's Sky.Except,it actually ♥♥♥♥ing works.Buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥ These creators deserve support for this game cause its gr8EDIT: This game has this space update which is cool. Replay value is kinda bad, but you'll pick it up after a few months and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ after you play it again."
,Recommended,211820,7958887,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,nessumsar,"This is one of those games that can suck you in and keep you vested for hours, no days, no wait, possibly months! If you like crafting, exploring and procedurally generated adventure, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,211820,32930917,Posted: 28 June,all,Rhythm,"Great game been playing since the starting phases of early access, loved watching it grow"
,Recommended,211820,24465654,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Fish,"In games like Terraria and Minecraft, you spawn into one world that eventually has an end where you have to stop. you either run out of resourses, run out of land to explore, or defeat all the enemies. Then, you have to start over in a new game in order to explore a new land and discover what you already know in a different, but similar, generated world.In Starbound, you start your journey on a spaceship which has been heavily damaged. you beam down to a planet below you and collect resourses to repair you ship, all while building and exploring the enviroment you've discovered. But what's this? you've circled all the way around that world 5 times? You've harvested all of the planets copper and Iron? Oh bother. Well, I guess it's time to go back to the main menu and restar- WAIT. YOUR SPACESHIP. You beam back up, repair your ship, and then open the navigational charts.In front of you is a COUNTLESS amount of unique planets and solar systems to discover, explore, mine, and build on.Look, this game is legitamitly endless and you can play as different races that start off with different ships that you can upgrade and make bigger and build inside of and there's a bunch of different types of planet bioms that you can unlock to go to that all have different ores and unique properties and the combat system is great you can use both of your hands and-*cough* buy this game if you want a sincerly unique take on the ""sandbox open world mining crafting buiding"" game. It has a lot of ""quality of life"" features that are top drawer. genuinely fun to play with friends as well.Bought this game in early access, I was astonished back then at how much the game had to offer, and I'm continually impressed by the content they keep adding in.8/8 would be pleasently surprised by the quality of this game again"
76561197968861441,Not Recommended,211820,24648288,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Spacer,"Not quite worth the money in the current state of the game.There are a lot of ""quality of life"" improvements that would help make the game less tedious.Most bossfights are tank n spank, storyline/quests are repetitive and character progression is too random.This is in addition to some expected bugs/optimization issues, one including savegames being lost on the game crashing randomly.Has potential, but as of now you're better off waiting."
76561197991214419,Not Recommended,211820,24673957,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,spawntd,Played it a little during Beta and waited a really long time till lunch. I hoped the gameplay bugs and game stability would improve. During beta i had lots of crashes and died several times due to game bugs. For example falling thorugh the floor.Now after release - which took an extremly long time -  i am disappointed.Game crashed several times and i fall thourgh the floor and lost all items.  This killed even the last hope and i deleted the game.Interesting idea but bad result.Just installed it again to check status and it didnt take 5 minutes until i died by falling though the ground.
,Recommended,211820,24638295,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Spook,"Definitely one of the best sandbox games!There's always lots of stuff to do, many worlds to discover and a huge variety of items to find!After playing Terraria for a long time, Starbound seems like an enhanced version of this game in sci-fi style, which is amazing!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24658647,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ℚฬ℩ℬ⋠ℚฬ℩ℬ,was amazing. became rather empty and stale. nuff said.
,Recommended,211820,25958608,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,smoovyy,pretty radical game
,Recommended,211820,25199313,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,E'S'JG,"Basiclly No Man's Sky but 2D, Very nice"
,Recommended,211820,31739696,Posted: 13 May,all,Deacon,"My favorite game, hands down.Starbound is a terraria-like, open-world, sandbox-adventure game, that takes place in the vast, emptiness of space. If that didn't sound good already, it is almost completley procedurally generated. now, this might bring up PTSD memories of No Man's Sky, but trust me, this game is around 20,000 times better than that. In fact, It's so good, that I bought a T-shirt!Possibly my favorite thing about Starbound is the races. There are seven of them:The plant-like Florans,The fish-like, japanese-like HylotlThe strangley familair Humans,the Primate-like Apex (GLORY TO BIG APE),the bird-like avians,the robotic glitch,and the gas-like Novakids.Something I love about Starbound is the replayibility. I often play and restart games so many times that it feels like a chore to play them. I can't play Skyrim because of this! But starbound? I've replayed starbound, like seventeen times now, and it still feels very fun to play.Another thing I love about the game is the dev team. they're constantly bringing new things into the mix, and I love them for it. Please, if you're interested in this game, check out the dev blog. I just hope the mech update comes soon!PROS:*Great gameplay, very terraria-like. (in fact, I prefer this over terraria!)*distinct, colorful races, all very fun to play as! (worth deleting save files just to play as different races!)*Great price.*pretty damn good writing.*will run on my Potato laptop.*IT'S SO BIG, LIKE, IT'S HUGE! INFINITE PLANETS! WOO!*Big ape is in it. (ALL HAIL BIG APE.)*pretty damn nice pixel art.*EXTREME REPLAYIBILITY*lotsa different planets.*reminds me of star trek.*Non-cringy fandom.*the weapon names are hilariousCONS:*had to go into config file just to disable Vsync.*my computer's taskbar shows in fullscreen.*Often giant trump walls in worldgen, pain in early game.*The later missions get very hard.*Certain settlements take very long to find, as they have little spawn chance. (I'm looking at you, novakid village!)*sometimes spelling mistakes in text.*kinda grindy sometimes, as in, you have to often make 3 trips underground, ore mining, to get a single item.*Goddam tiny annoying bird enemeisBut all in all Very great game, would easily pay double for it.PS. it's made by the same people who created Stardew Valley, so you know it's good.PUN SECTION:I wish someone would chloropyll me in on floran anatomy.The Hlylotl make me want to gill myself.all of the good novakid puns Argon.Wanna know what I named my Glitch character? Tom Servo.What does the avian scientist use to hold liquids? A beaker.What did the austrailian apex say to her friend when he was getting her unstuck with a crowbar? Pry mate!"
,Recommended,211820,28883453,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Mr.Spookyman,"I used to have a good sleep schedule before I played Starbound.""Used to"""
,Recommended,211820,31669336,Posted: 10 May,all,Breezr,get this game.
76561198137566931,Recommended,211820,24882482,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,..,it a lot of funyou could spend 100 plus hours10/10
,Recommended,211820,24892966,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Acquiescence,Great game. Well worth it for the price.
76561198067088421,Recommended,211820,24475063,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Classy Corgi,"Oh starbound... such an amazing game, with relaxing music and normally laid back gameplay it makes for a really relaxing time, but when the game kicks it up a bit... thats when the fun really opens up, now i have played this for a pretty long time so i have been seeing the game getting more and more exiting as time passes, with a tremendous ammount of places to explore, you never have nowhere to go, the combat is very smooth and thrilling with abilities and SO MANY weapons to choose. This game never stops being so amazing..."
,Recommended,211820,26099548,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,🐺 DeltaFury,Love it as much as Terraria ! <3
76561198089933440,Recommended,211820,26219776,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,RussianSp3tsnaz,This game is basically what No Mans Sky should have been on a 2-D plane and already has proven to have better developer updates and feedback than NMS could ever dream of. Basically  its a great space survival story with lots of replayability. A personal 10/10.
76561198340196333,Recommended,211820,26323028,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,"GOODIE ""PLAYS""","LOVED IT! SUCH A HUGE GAME! TONS OF PLANETS, SOLAR SYSTEMS, AND GALEXIES TO EXPLORE! AMAZING GAMEPLAY! ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I'VE PLAYED! :D"
76561198170368803,Recommended,211820,26575528,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Angry 15 Year Old,Great exploration and adventure game that I have a lot of fun playing. 9/10.  (tends to get repetitive after a while)
,Recommended,211820,28219414,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Ace The Ocarina Maker,"I have played this game since BETA and I loved it back then. Now that 1.0 is out I am very pleasantly surprised at how much more content there is! If you have played since beta it is a little owerwhelming at first how much has changed so for me it was like learning the game again however the first parts of the game were structured in such a way that they never throw too much at you at once. You always know there is something more you can do that wants to keep you going but you are also free to spend as much time as you want on your starting planet and there is so much content on each planet. I spent at least 30 hours on my own starting planet and I am sure there is still more I have not discovered yet. Even if you tire of your own planet there are CONTLESS more to explore. It really is a game where you will never run out of things to do.Aside from the misson that lets you get your ship working again you do not even need to participate in the main story. You can go out and explore. Discover new worlds, civilizations, and make your own adventure or you could just chose a planet you love and continue to build on that planet.Creating your own city and even add residents. The worlds are beautiful and you never know what you could find on them. I also love that when you explore you are very likely to find something new and or useful unlike other block based survival games where 95% of the time you find nothing new.Now lets talk about some of the cons to the game. First I think the overall HUD could use a bit of work. Mainly it takes a little too long to switch items out and I wish when you open a chest the pop up box would go the the side of the screen so it is easier to select the other chests or crates next to it with out clicking away the box every time or trying to see them through a hardly transparent box. Mainly just little things like that.Also for some reason my starting planet will vanish randomly when I star tthe game causing me to travel half way across the universe to get back to it but I have it bookmakrs so I can always find it again.Those are really my only complaints.The soundtrack in this game is also amazing. It never gets annoying and is very nice to lsiten to when you are just mining or building.  I also love how fast you are able to build in this game. It is super helpful. You can also import abc files into the game and play songs on instruments you find thoughout the game. Even to peopel on othe servers. Now that is cool.Overall I think this is a great game that offers countless hours of fun. There is so much you could do! I would say it is deffinatly in my top 5 favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,211820,31830282,Posted: 18 May,all,Monthorian,"You can download music and play it on a selection of instruments... also this game is better than No Man's Sky, for a fraction of the cost, and it's basically the same thing but 2D."
76561198045605357,Recommended,211820,24940556,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jimmity_Text,"I don't understand why people are pretty disappointed with starbound, I picked it up a couple days after release and I gotta say, for 15 bucks it is a very fun experience.Many people would say that they're dissapointed because the story or quests suck.Its not really that much of an RPG.Its a Sandbox procedurally generated game that takes place in space.The quests might be a little mundane.But the planets are engaging to explore,The combat is very fluid and well-done.The boss-fights are not too easy/ too hard.Building is amazing, and I need to give a thumbs up to the developers for the tenants system.I would give it a 10/10but I can't melt snow with a flamethrower.0/10Edit:And why does fire work on an oxygenless Moon?"
,Recommended,211820,33201517,Posted: 3 July,all,xWhitastic,Definitely would recommend this game to anyone who likes these 2D sandbox survival type games like Terraria. This game definitely has challenge to it but once you get to the end game there's not really much to do. Hopefully they add more updates for post story content.8/10 my guy
,Recommended,211820,34224617,Posted: 13 August,all,BlakeBit,"The best sandbox game money can buy. and its only 14.99 for gods sake.Just ♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it if you havent already, you wont be disapointed.oh and dont forget mods from the workshop when the game gets boring from vanilla. The mods are spicy"
,Recommended,211820,32855833,Posted: 27 June,all,Tibbles,"After over 400 hours put into this game, I say that I can definitely recommend it. I've had this game sitting in my Steam library since one of the first few beta builds of the game. It's fun to play with friends and there are tons of mods on the workshop that adds even more content."
,Recommended,211820,28796284,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Jabbaski,"Now listen here guys. I'm a Starbound Veteran, been playing since Angry Koala. This game has come a LOOOOOONG way since those days. I'll spare the details and urge you to buy it. It's like No Man's Lie, except with awesome pixel graphics, decent exploration, incredibly interesting planets, armor, alien tech, and swords. It's only 15$. Go get it. NOW."
,Recommended,211820,30039169,Posted: 19 February,all,Neon Husky,"The felling of flying through space, scannig for data on an artifact that could be anywhere in the universe, Hire aliens to be your crew members on your ship, and building your own colony! This game just screams ""play me, play me,"" Really awesome and it doesn't take up a ot of space."
,Recommended,211820,24474156,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jack Grimsly,"I bought starbound near the begining. when it was a little Terairia clone struggleing to be unique. I loved it, even ith all its little fualts. it struggld to keep its head above the water, and eventually it did, the only thing holding it back is the removal of some key features, hopefully Chucklefish will relize their mistake and readd it in 1.1.some day Starbound is great, and I will always be coming back for another adventure amoung its stars."
76561198195063154,Recommended,211820,30132831,Posted: 23 February,all,Hardcore Slime Rancher,"*WARNING* NOT A TERRARIA CLONE! It borrows certain principals, but is its own game.Fantastic game. Great alone, great with friends. Storys pretty good and the quests are pretty nice, but the exploration, buttloads of content (and I MEAN buttloads) theres alot to do. Also, unlike terraria even later on with high level gear, theres always a challenge. Me and my cousin played terraria to DEATH and once beating moonlord became easy, we said "" well we did it"" and never played again. This was not the case with starbound. OH! Last thing. Flying through the vast reaches of the universe in your cool space ship is awesome.Only $14.99!"
,Recommended,211820,34789351,Posted: 6 September,all,Dolan,One of the best games i have ever played. Great randomly generated 2D side scroller. I recommend this game to everyone I know.
,Recommended,211820,25196750,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,HAGRID YOU BASKET CASE,"September 12, 1962. President John F Kennedy gave his most famous speech, ""Why we choose to go to the moon"". That inspired millions of young americans about the importance of space travel.WELL IF JFK KNEW WHAT HAPPENS WHEN YOU GO TO THE MOON HE PROBABLY WOULD'VE CRAPPED HIS PANTS, AND THEN TAKE THE TRUMP APPROACH AND BUILD A WALL AROUND THE EARTHI still see that thing in my nightmares10/10 Would never space travel again"
,Recommended,211820,25683859,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,big motherfuckin chungus,"I love this game. You will literally be addicted, because there's always something to do.Whether it's building an Imperial City, banging around with mods, or just memeing in general, this is honestly a really well made game. It's a bit grindy, but other than that I definitely reccommend it. Solid 9/10 imho."
,Recommended,211820,26005130,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Dah Console,"I like wasting my time decorating my ship. Oh yeah, don't build a base on a planet since you already have your ship xddd."
,Recommended,211820,26090814,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Arcana,"This game is essentially the love child of Terraria and No Man's Sky (or rather, what No Man's Skyshouldhave been); it is a 2D sandbox/adventure/crafting/survival game, and you can freely explore the in-game universe and everything that it has to offer (dangers included). It also has Workshop availability, if you want to mod the game to your tastes.If you fall under any/all of these categories...• You like Terraria• You enjoy space-based games• You enjoy sandbox/adventure games• You like playing multiplayer with friends in those above-listed game genres• You like having the option to stray away from the main story of the game without being punished for it• You are sorely disappointed with what No Man's Sky wound up being and need something to fill the void in your heart...Starbound is your game, without a doubt. I bought this game during a sale, but now that I have been playing it for a while and I can see just how fun it is, I would have gladly paid full price for it."
,Recommended,211820,28327082,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Kevin,"Personally, I don't like it anymore since the 1.0 release. Since then, I've spent 100 + hours and it still does not get me anymore. Many changes were made that i dislike, yet this game is somewhat awesome.For those that intend to buy it now, without any early access experience: Just go for it. Give it some time to ramp upbecause getting started actually takes a while now ) and enjoy your infinite space adventure.In Addition:-Having lots of creativity might enhance the game experience. The game as a sole explore-and-kill game does not work.-Game supports mods, and there are many talented modders out there, so check them out, even if you usually aren't a fan of modding."
,Recommended,211820,32650532,Posted: 22 June,all,[Fol9] Skyl,"This game is amazing, and is like No Man's Sky and Terraria, but they did not make mistakes like those two games did. There is a massive amount of thing you can do and all types of gamers would like it. From FPS gamers to creative gamers, you will probably like this game."
,Recommended,211820,33132423,Posted: 2 July,all,白い キツネ,"Remember No Man's Sky ?This is Terraria version of it but it didn't sucks- so much world to explore- dynamic environment and weather- craft everything- great soundtrack- multiplayer ( co-op or join a server)pretty much like Terraria , a gud game 10/10"
76561198180156554,Recommended,211820,33642959,Posted: 18 July,all,ᵈᵃᵛᶦᵈ_⁶⁷⁸¹_,I recommend this game is just that i lost my saves and i had to start from scratch again :c
,Recommended,211820,24478568,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Who_Ate_Mah_Cake,"I bought this game back when it first came out in 2013, this game is finally finished so what do I think?Well I haven't followed since it came out so I had no idea what they were doing with the game or what they promised to do with the game or all the controversy surrounding the devs and what they were doing with the kickstarter money.  I guess that was a good idea because the community that has been following this game seems to have divided opinions about it.  I went into this game blind not sure what I would be expecting, well Im happy to say that I've been enjoying it.What do I enjoy about it?-Exploration is pretty fun and theres plenty to see on one planet-Combat is pretty enjoyable, it feels good-Graphics and music are stellar, I usually get tired of in game music like Terrarias but this Im fine with-Im finding the game to be pretty tough, survival is fun, many different hazards on different planets, like weather effects, enemies, dungeons, etc.-Weapons are generally fun to use-Quests are alright they give you something to do, though I don't think thats the main point of the game-Building is easy and theres a load of decorations and stuff-Lore is pretty interesting-Extremely moddable-Stumbling across villages-MultiplayerNeutral-Quests are usually fetch this, escort this, kill this, Skyrim type of stuff-Enemies though procedurally (I think?) more or less act the same (spit acid, charge you, shoot you, fly, etc)-Story quest is meh so far but again I don't think that its the main focusThings I don't enjoy-The hotbar its awful what were they thinking or smoking-Vehicles are buggy and not fun to drive-The fact I have to get fuel for my ship, I just want to explore the galaxy and not have to worry about fuel-The performence nuff' said-No graphics options-Ui is pretty smallThings I haven't got around to yet-Theres colonies-You can capture and collect monsters like Pokemon-Farming-Probably more stuff to get around to that I can't rememberWell I like this game and I would recommend it to people who have just stumbled upon it like me more or less.  As for people who have followed this game since the beginning you may or may not be disapointed in it, its only $15 doesn't hurt to try it then refund it."
76561198046105327,Recommended,211820,24940496,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,cynicaleden,"okay so i've put in the hours and have been around since near the beginning of early acess so i can say without a doubt that the game is worth picking up.  my only compliants with this game is that you can run out of story content very fast and be left with nothing to do but build colonies, and that weapons and the current tiering system suck unless you manage to get lucky and find the legendary weapons early on"
76561198158713559,Recommended,211820,25800797,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Lil Dog,one of the best games i have ever played. chucklefish i salute thee
76561198090930927,Recommended,211820,26246406,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,joel,oooh boy this is amazing
,Recommended,211820,27578408,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,carcin,its fun
,Recommended,211820,25048290,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jankat7,"I've never written a proper review before but I decided that Starbound deserves one.Oh man, where to begin.I have played Starbound 3 times, once when I first bought it, once when the game got a big ""Winter Update"" and now I'm playing it again now that it has launched. I watched as this game became what it is now and followed the development process.The first playthrough is what made me decide that this game had potential and it was going to be great one day, but it was really incomplete and lacked content. This was in 2013 when there was little to no progression system and a lot of grinding. The second playthrough was in 2015 and it was an entirely different experince. The devs have actively worked on this game and found its flaws, added convinient ways to build and explore, reduced the grinding to the point where I actually found it to be too little and improved combat to the best of their abilities.What you have to realize is that this game is NOT a Terraria clone. This game is more similar to Minecraft or even No Mans Sky. The goal is not to fight bosses and reach the end or complete the story, but the story and the bosses are an addition to support the main experince: Exploration and Building. The combat is lackluster and the story is pretty straightforward. What really makes this game amazing is the dungeons you explore, the amazing feeling you get as you watch your ship jump from star to star and the cities you build for your citizens to thrive in. Nothing feels better than beaming down a planet and looking for cities when suddenly you find yourself in a thick sandstorm, with nothing but your flashlight to guide you to safety.I know that this was a messy review, but after all the negativity this game recieved while it was in development, I decided to do my best to support it. Overall I really recommend it for people who like building and exploring. But if you liked Terraria only for the bosses and combat, you might want to wait for a discount or until the game is updated with better progression.."
76561198115190995,Recommended,211820,8421635,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Alpha Wolfy,i have only had it for about a day and already love it!
76561198025205742,Recommended,211820,29259141,Posted: 14 January,all,ZeeHero,"Always new places to go, always another planet to explore. I'm wearing a stylish eastern tunic given to me by a friendly three eyed fish person, and wielding a rainbow sword which can cut through space-time, a prize I looted from a chest beneath the ice at the bottom of an alien ocean.I've completed a quest to save the universe, built a bunker in a volcano out of nothing but gold and silver, and helped some ape people escape their oppressive leader.But theres still much more to do, more planets to explore, more asteroid fields to turn into sprawling space-complexes, more planets to turn into the next 2d Coruscant.I highly reccomend starbound to fans of the sandbox/building genre, and if you liked terraria and are looking for a somewhat similar but different experience, try starbound.Heck, just try starbound."
76561198073991114,Recommended,211820,8595602,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,waffleslaughter,"This game is very creative and original, with a lot of support from the community. It's still in early beta, so there are obviously bugs. Not too many to my surprise. Very outstanding game, a must have for your Steam library."
,Recommended,211820,9173988,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Ћ Abomination Jones,I'll play it more when wipes are done so I can have more fun.
,Recommended,211820,14978155,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Ezalb,"This is probably the best 2d adventure game I have ever played, the amount of content is extremely large. Along with the possibilitys of what you could can do. You can wire, you can raid dungeons, survive on a barren desert planet, roleplay, (if you like that), have pvp tourtements with the weapons you can damage eachother with,  find all of the tech, I mean, you can do... so much. I mean, its just amazing! If you are thinking about buying it, my answer is a simple yes. 15 dollars for this amazing game is a great deal, and you support the devs. Who.. quite frankly, have done a outstanding job.I really don't think there is anything bad out this game.. other than glitches. And.. it can get repatative if you play it day-to-day. I suggest playing it every other day, so you don't rush through it and.. get bored.(Oh, the Soundtrack is great too. Really good.)"
,Recommended,211820,16064173,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Krusty Krab Pizza,"First of all, Starbound is one of the best side-scrolling games to date, for numerous reasons. In fact, it's one of the best games, period. The way 90's retro graphics mix with the detailed and lush planets is wonderful. They truly complement how good the gameplay itself is. The mechanics are great. For example: When you shoot a long range weapon it has a short recharge time. The world itself is amazing, with over a million planets to explore and many resources to collect, you won't be bored anytime soon.The gameplay is balanced enough that it doesn't pull the fun away. This game is truly beautiful. It has one of the best soundtracks, on par with Skyrim or Dragon Age. This masterpiece will go down in legend. That's saying a lot considering it's in early access. I don't know why you don't own this game yet, because you should."
76561198174061954,Recommended,211820,29790658,Posted: 8 February,all,"CC-3636 ""Wolffe""",Terraria < Starbound
76561197993679806,Recommended,211820,24864441,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,PandaOutcast,"Hey, that's pretty good!"
76561198035605191,Recommended,211820,8132317,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,KeneticFerret49,TENOUTTATEN
76561198061243714,Recommended,211820,7965100,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,i have unlimited data on my psp,earthbound was better rpg
76561198202126851,Recommended,211820,21758271,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,meat man,"I cant start it up. i did my best to fix it (remove all mods, add all mods ive ever had back, delete and reinstall..) but i love this game and i really wanna play it."
,Recommended,211820,9002347,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,DanklinDRollsablunt,"Ok first off, NOT KID FRIENDLY! Has a few semi-nude (some may count as nude) or adult scenes towards the end of the campaign and has some really gory scenes. I enjoyed playing the game and the graphics, however what I didn't like about the game is that it was short I beat it on the 3rd hardest setting in the matter of 2 days and it seemed to have a few bugs. That it would take really long to load for a game that is installed and also it would freeze up going back in forth from the menu to gameplay or last checkpoint it was nothing to bad and may just be my disc. Over all I liked the game and thought it was something different than your everyday shooter game. Also the multiplayer is fun to mess around on but nothing you will probably play for hours on end. I would have rated higher if it had shorter loading times and had no freezing."
,Recommended,211820,24481112,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Avel,You can plant trees within an inch of each other10/10 wood plant again
,Recommended,211820,18914841,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Bepsi God,The atmosphere in this game is the best I've ever experienced.
,Recommended,211820,23676150,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,GottaCake,This is a great game. It didn't take me a long time to finish the game so now im bored
,Recommended,211820,24525984,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Magical Purple Man,"Starbound is the 2D Minecraft everyone said Terraria was.So Starbound is finally out after 2 1/2 years and was it worth the wait?Yeah I'd say so.SB is basically a game about exploring the universe gathering resources, crafting blocks, weapons, armour, getting powerful enough to defeat the beast that destroyed earth, or just ignoring all that and building a colony that you can call home.You have 7 races you can play as: Humans, Avians, Apex, Floran, Glitch, Hyltol and Novakids, which don't function differently ingame besides looks, and their ship.SB has a story mode that outside the very first mission (to repair your ship) is completely ignorable, you can progress without needing to play through the story.The main strength though in SB is about the building and the journeys you can embark on, you can create houses and plop down a colony deed to attract tenants which will pay their rent with Pixels (Cash) or an assortment of items, The tenants will have quests to give as well which are randomly generated, though you can expect to see the same kinds of quests over and over (Save this person, Kill these meanies, Make a chair for me, Threaten my roommate at knife point, etc).Help someone enough and they'll like you so much that they'll be willing to join your crew, who can beam down onto planets with you to help out, or just hang around on the ship, being able to help out with a specialisation (They could be a chemist who gives out buffs in the battlefield, A Soldier/ Outlaw who will protect you with their lives, though not all specialisations are related to combat). Or if that doesn't sound good to you, just hire a bunch of penguin mercenaries to get the job done.There are hundreds if not thousands of block types and decorative items that you can create almost anything how you'd like, with the ability to unlock a paint and wiring tool that allow you to further customise how your base looks and functions.The story consists of 6 premade missions to embark on, all centred on the different races (excluding Novakids) on a journey to collect all the artifacts to square off against the behemoth you nearly got destroyed by at the beginning of the game.Building and exploring multiple unique planets is the main emphasis of the game, which you can tell by the combat because it isn't the best, it's functional and can even be quite fun at times but it's not going to be the main reason you play, it's fairly standard with 1 handed items that you can mix and match to create a unique fighting style or you can use 2 handed guns/ swords/spears/ hammers that have random special abilities depending on the weapon type, along with unique weapons that you can find from story missions, chests, and as rewards that are always the same but have special out there abilities and attacks way different from any other weapon.You can also use basic farming to grow your own food and resources, protect animals you get from the Terramarket to get produce from them which you can sell to shopkeeps or directly to Terramarket for profit, you can then use money to buy ores from the local miners instead of getting it yourself, albeit at a high cost.The game has gorgeous pixel art, that is seriously some of the best I think I've ever seen (especially in the environments), it has a outstanding Soundtrack that always keeps you up during your treks and gets you pumped up for combat when it happens, the OST is absolutely worth purchasing if nothing else.Did this game have the perfect Early Access? No.Does it still need some work ? Yeah in certain areas (with promised free content updates coming this issue could easily be addressed)Is Starbound a good game?Yep."
,Not Recommended,211820,26050961,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Killswitch Wilska,"The game looks cool, its fun at beginning, but fighting bosses with lag (my PC got more than twice the recommend requirements, intel core i7, nvidia GTX 960, 16gb ram) because the programmers don't know how structure their engine is a no deal. Right now i don't recommend anyone wasting money on this untill they fix."
76561198028494641,Not Recommended,211820,26617385,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Kevem🎃,Not playing this anymore till they fix the stuttering
,Recommended,211820,24816566,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Blenjamin,"There's a workshop mod to make it so anytime you kill a monster Tim Allen yells, ""AUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGGH""11 Tims out of 10, would AUGH again"
,Recommended,211820,17755277,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Antitheus,What an amazing game! I was observing this game since its beta was released and now I was able to afford it. It changed a lot!I'm happy I can play remarkable and distinctive game. It's not like Terraria - it's not even similar to it (I'm also Terraria's big fan). It's a brand new title.Minuses: still got some massive FPS drops on my laptop - near multiple light sources and when the weather is changing.
,Recommended,211820,24820531,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,{o} DEFINITELY NOT A MEXIBERTZ,"Finished this game on mediumcore (items drop on death) difficulty. Must say... This is a phenomenal game.The open world, the items, the crafting possibilities, the atmosphere... and... THE MUSIC.It is well created to provide immersion despite being a 2D pixel game. It can be challenging with the option to either scale back on the difficulty or make it harder. The procedurally generated items are a lot of fun, and the worlds are always exciting and somewhat different, even those that are the same kind. Getting used to the controls is tough, however, and they can be slightly unwieldy at times. This is not enough to deter from the experience, however.I would highly recommend this game for its full price (I got it on Steam sale), but it is well worth the $17 CDN.9/10 would play again."
76561198095221202,Not Recommended,211820,29723071,Posted: 5 February,all,anakinsewkartstsss,"damn i hate to say it but the recent update ruined this game. its too repetitve linier and boring. You fight the same monsters over and over. also most planets seem the same in the first updates to the game every planet felt new, but now it is a mess of too similar planets"
76561198113480362,Recommended,211820,17902878,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,powerplaying,Got a monster in capture ball and threw it at the window in my ship. Fell into space and never returned. 10/10 would do it again.
,Recommended,211820,7965406,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Disastercake,"WOW!  Just... Wow.  Starbound is the future of Sand Box games.  This is almost exactly what I wanted  in Terraria, plus more than I could have imagined.  NPCs, quests, a living world, moving from planet to planet in a manner than makes sense and has reasoning.  And that's the best part, you have a much more reason to progress and push forward in Starbound than in Terraria since your goal is to harvest the reosurces of each planet enough to move on to your next planet.  My hat comes off to these devs for creating such a robust and interesting experience.  They must be very proud of having reached so far into their vision and goals before the game is even done.If you are a fan of 2D side scroller action games or sand box bulding games, I think you'll love this."
76561198114266271,Recommended,211820,13949870,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Lundukeo,"Okay so, people bare with me. Starbound is fun at first the current stable build but dosen't have a lot to offer. Like everyone else says, this isnt finished. So if your impatient when it comes to indie games/games in general, then don't buy it. If you DO buy it then you have a few hours or so for this little adventure. Buying the base game also will allow people to play the nightly build and unstable build. They have the plans for what Chucklefish plans to put into the stable base game, I think either this Jan or Feb is the next update. These builds are (as the name goes) unstable, they will have bugs and glitchs. If you can get past that, you've got yourself a practically new adventure. Of course snice its still a work in progress you'll hit a dead end eventually. My personal opinion on Starbound is simply it's fun. I do enjoy it even though its a work in progress, for me that just means that Chucklefish is probably trying to make sure there's not going to be annoying bugs in the final product. And please keep in mindthat the team at Chucklefish are people too, so they have other lives besides making Starbound. Like in Dec perhaps there was a break because the team wanted to see family or whatever, it's the holidays! And if anyone is like, ""well duh of course they're people or yeah we get it"" or similar thoughts. Look at the reviews, some make sense others are over exaggerating, and some are just plain stupid. Now I'm not saying that the people are stupid mind you, but just think a little more reasonable. Anyways the main inspiration for this review is mainly the comparisons to Terraria and the unjust ""comments"" towards the people of Chucklefish. Why compare a incomplete game to a complete game? Why criticize the dev team when they are real people with real lives that they need to live through. So in the end, get Starbound IF you want to, I'm not gonna force you it isn't my decision. Its not finished but its being worked on in a different ""branch"" and so do what you will with your money. Thanks for reading. =)"
,Recommended,211820,27053985,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Legitkrillin,"What can I say about this game!EPIC, Awesome, Fantastic! please take your pick ;)"
,Recommended,211820,10220255,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Traps Are Gay,"AFter playing Starbound extensively for a while now, I can safely say that it is probably one of my new favorites, because in my honest opinion Starbound is incredible in every aspect with a few minor short-comings.+ PROS:Gameplay: Although accused of being a Terraria clone in terms of gameplay, Starbound is much more in-depth than its counterpart, with more survival elements like requiring warm clothing to avoid freezing to death in harsh cold climates. A lot more RPG elements, like quests, random NPC encounters and a ton, (I mean like Borderlands-level here) amount of loot to find in the various dungeons scattered around the planets that dwell within the solar systems. More weapon variety and an open world that's a lot less linear.Soundtrack: You have to hear it yourself, all I can say is that the soundtrack is beyond amazing.Graphics: The graphical level of Starbound is your typical indie game affair and even though I believe the retro style has been done to death, Starbound sets itself apart from others with a unique science fiction/fantasy art style and I have to say that the sci-fi and fantasy elements within the aestethics merge perfectly here.Lore: The lore of Starbound is quite simple, Earth is basically a wreck and you have to find a new home, although the various logs, books and journals you will find in the game world go a lot deeper in terms of story.- CONS:Running issues: Now I'll admit my PC isn't a beast, but when it can max out games like Borderlands 2, Far Cry 3 and Sleeping Dogs yet still gets FPS drops in this game, I'd call that an issue. Although, FPS drops only occur every so often so I wouldn't consider this a particularly huge issue.Over all, Starbound is a great experience and I highly recommend it.9/10"
,Recommended,211820,8413749,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Little_Girls,"Take terraria, then give it some bullshark testosterone, and this is likely the child that would come out after it had a baby with a rhino. Not the prettiest thing in the world, but my god does it kick♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211820,10339220,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,.PrimeMover.,Best Interstellar dating sim I have ever played!
,Recommended,211820,8102591,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Kukuruz,"Космо - террария, просто супер."
,Recommended,211820,8384095,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,d5 rickOshay,Everything Terraria needed to be +more. This game is crack on ice.
76561198047635356,Recommended,211820,8480311,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Masked Ferret,"Well at almost 20 hours in, I think it's time I write a review.I wasn't a backer for this game when it was making waves on Kickstarter. Probably because I foolishly believed I didn't care for roguelikes earlier this year. But since some of my most played games of the year have been roguelikes, and since I missed out on the Minecraft boom, I decided to give this one a go.First let me get the Early Access bit out of the way -- For a beta, there is an absolute TON of content available. I can easily see getting 100 hours into it right now and not making much of a dent. There's just so much to see and do. Every planet is different. No, really. I was skeptical, trust me. I expected one forest biome to be the same as the next, reusing assets that were just recolored and calling that ""new,"" but when you hop from planet to planet--and especially from system to system--it's different. What was once massive, skinny birch trees is now thorny rose trees. Clear pools are now poison. An underground frog sanctuary is now a hostile avian temple.It's a beautiful game, and you can already tell there's some wit in the writing from the item descriptions. I only expect more of this as time goes on. Honestly, it's just good, expansive fun. If you like exploring and you're a goal-oriented person, give it a try!"
,Recommended,211820,9220418,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dark_Bum,"Best game EVER! I dropped from university, but i have STARBOUND! I found girlfriend and make house in this game. I will live in this game!"
,Recommended,211820,9953038,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Death to Infidels,Saw the pyramids11/10
76561198057394835,Not Recommended,211820,24589028,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,That Guy,"I'll assume you're brainless so I'll keep this short.d1s g43m n33dz 2 h43v m04r w4y3s 2 p13iI think this game should have more than this awful series of five quests to kill a tentacle monster. The game, in my opinion, needs to have racial campaigns that revolve around your character. The one involving the tentacle monster should be entirely optional. The quest to kill a tentacle monster is just boring. 'The Ruin' is a joke. I barely dropped below three quarters health. I had Health Regen, ninety-million nanowrap bandadges and a spear. I BEAT IT IN THREE MINUTES. It's not even that much tougher than a regular enemy, comparatively. If some random jack-off can walk into it's heart and annihilate it instantly, how the hell did the McGuffin - sorry, 'Cultivator' even have trouble with it?i think i trailed off into something completely differentyes i am ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for your information"
,Recommended,211820,8010570,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Nigga Lizard,"Here's the thing, i bought this game because i thought it would be fun. The game is good, but there's one problem... NO KEYBINDINGS! I'm a left handed gamer, so its a requirement for me. Please make sure that in the next update there will be key bindings!"
,Recommended,211820,9254150,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,mik,i now own two copies of terrariagoty
,Recommended,211820,8982952,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,damngary,"Terraria in space, but interesting."
,Recommended,211820,29425727,Posted: 22 January,all,Gusty,a 2d multiplayer platformer that has everything that should have been in no man's sky
,Recommended,211820,9269501,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Thunderhooves,"This game is as good as minecraft. Heck, it might be better! With all the open world exploration, the infinite customization, and the amount of specis you can play as, I recomend this game hands down!"
,Not Recommended,211820,25177450,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Archmage,"Hey. Hey Chucklefish.Don't mark your game as ""Steam Cloud Supported"" if you don't sync your damn saves.Christ.(seehttp://imgur.com/9OLY55E- shows up as cloud supported in library)"
76561198092450070,Recommended,211820,9992414,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Glacher Lardnab,"MORE FCKIN 2D, U HD M3 4T T3RR4RIA, BUT DIS GT M3 DYIN"
76561198013359889,Not Recommended,211820,24752950,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Laraso,"Got this game in early access because it looked promising. ""It's fun but lacking, however updates are sure to come!"", I naively thought.Fast forward three millenia later, the game finally hits full release! ... With half the content it had in early access cut out, leaving a bland and shallow universe where every planet is the same. After only a couple short hours of gameplay you'll find yourself struggling desperately to find something that will keep you interested in the game, but you won't find anything aside from the extremely boring combat, pitiful enemy diversity, empty landscapes, very easy and entirely unrewarding progression, and the sad excuse for a ""story"" that is actually just a series of ""left click on random pieces of furniture until you fight a boss"".In the end you have a shallow and barebones universe simulator that promises a lot but delivers very little. It's sad to think that Starbound has probably been a financial success, especially when you consider that the development process was essentially a long and very slow paced series of content removals leading up to a full release. It seems people have a very difficult time telling the difference between a good game and a bad one with games in this genre. If you're looking for a good game, you won't find it here;you're better off playing something that will actually deliver the experience you're looking for at a price that's actually worth paying.http://store.steampowered.com/app/105600/"
,Recommended,211820,28548823,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Doomsday Orange,Its a great xD
,Recommended,211820,25906969,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Squabble,A better No Mans Sky.
,Recommended,211820,9996415,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,jarmenz,"Game is certainly interesting - random generated planets/monsters/weapons (the list goes on). I played the game in Beta when it was available for purchase and I have to say it was way to easy to get to last level of armors/weapons after that there is no endgame. I would recommend the game only in later stages of development, as Starbound staff explained - there will be an endgame with many new possibilities to play the game and not just mine -> upgrade -> mine -> upgrade."
76561197979741816,Not Recommended,211820,12394132,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,SGT R Lee Ermey,Vaporware.Avoid at all costs.
76561198087592819,Recommended,211820,17761854,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MorkPoon,"Playing Starbound has had me on the edge seat for over a year now. Starbound has a feel like Terraria, but it has more freedom. In the current Starbound you can choose from 7 different characters, that you can customize to your liking. I prefer the Human and The Novakid. One of the reasons that the Novakid is my favorite is that they start out with a gun, unlike any other character. Once you spawn in you'll have to repair your ship with materials on the planet below. Once you progress further into the game you'll eventually be able to go the Outpost where you can do quests for the NPCs. After awhile you'll be able to go to different planets and upgrade your ship. Starbound has the unstable version that allows you to be able to see what is coming in the future, but it may have only just a couple hundred bugs. Starbound is a wonderful game that everyone can enjoy. Starbound is worth the buy."
76561198139653140,Recommended,211820,17745350,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,pourprsn,"Starbound is a game about 6 (i think thats right) different races that you can play as. Starbound has lots and lots to explore,kill,loot,etc there are not one like minecraft or terraia but THOUSANDS OF WORLDS HUNDREDS OF SOLAR SYSTEMS AND LOTS OF GALAXYS TO EXPLORE. it is very easy to get it in to but to find where stuff is, you may need a wiki!"
,Recommended,211820,17743181,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Yanick,Gr8 m8
76561198083844128,Recommended,211820,17743058,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,fb| Cpt. MacMillan,good
76561198099207933,Recommended,211820,17747474,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,NEGEV GOD,"Great soundtrack, hours of gameplay, best played on unstabgle beta"
,Recommended,211820,8214991,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ninjaman,"Awesome game, very big open world with many kind of stuff and races. Huge lot of weapons and items."
,Recommended,211820,24461403,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Leonihtus,"An amazing open world and exploration 2d scroller that has many features to mess with. Upgrading your ship, finding bigger and better guns and of course building the base of your dreams! It has all types of styles going from knights style to cowboy to sci-fi commander. Its also fun to play with friends to make a town full of npcs and a main base for the rulers to watch over them. Overall a great kind of game to relax and progress at your pace or with friends."
76561198020195103,Recommended,211820,24897033,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Blitzkrieg,"I am loving this game and glady picked this over No Man's Sky. The main complaint I am seeing in the reviews is for the lost content they had pre-release. Its understandable why people would be upset with the devs, but I dont see it as a reason to give this game a negative review. I just bought it post-release, and in the eyes of someone who has never played pre-release, it's a game I would highly recommend."
,Recommended,211820,24217329,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,antonuuu,"I bought this in 2014 and didn't like it. Played it again in January, 2015. Didn't like it but it was in a better shape than the first time (because it's Early-Access duhh), Now that i see it again it's becoming more and more stable as a game, rather than a survival sandbox that i had in mind.I bought this because it looked like Terraria. Was disappointed.Don't buy if you want a Terraria CloneBuy if you want to have adventures in Space"
,Recommended,211820,23491257,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Enoen,"Do play get gud yes game.This game is excellent, can be modded without much consequence which is something abysmally rare in games, plays like a Terraria without being a Terraria and is overall an enjoyable experience with friends. But lets get real, I just enjoy beating stuff up and collecting materials and making stuff."
,Recommended,211820,21928132,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Brown bear ®,"Before I played:＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,211820,24463368,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,KaiBR,"Played this game when it first came out on Steam. It was entertaining by myself and with friends, I've heard a lot of it's been reworked since I've last played (mid-2015). Also the game is Officially out, you've got my full support Chucklefish.Now onto the review.It's basically a much more improved, much more interesting version of Terraria (don't get me wrong, Terraria is good but this is on a whole other level) As many reviewers have said, videos, reviews, images, etc don't give this game justice. It's near enough endless (even in the pre-release). It's got tons of planets with biomes within those and each planet can range from a small to a large (or huge, whatever the largest world is in Terraria) in Terraria world sizes.Overall I'd say that it's great, it's finely out, the devs for this are actively fixing it up/improving it. Buy it, even if you don't play it you'll be support Chucklefish, in my eyes one of the best ""indie"" devs if you can even call them that anymore.To put it blunt, it's near perfect. My only complaint is that it was hard to play with friends (it's most likely been fixed by now though)10/10."
,Recommended,211820,29994869,Posted: 17 February,all,LemonLabrador[PL],"Advantages1.Great art styel.2.Quite interesting story.3.A lot of different items and planet to discover.4.Nice combat mechanics.5.With Terraria this is one of the top sandboxes.6.Lovely soundtrackDisadvantages1. Just one problem with my stuff desapearing after few seconds while teleporting on planet and back to the ship (and no I dont mind that there is a despawn time for items, actually if this mechanic would work I wouldnt be mad about losing my 10 hours progress together with waste of many musical instruments, rare outfits, collars, furniture and aproximately 40 thousands pixels in voxels, but all this disappered, cause of teleportation despwan) I lost alomst everything just because of ignorance and moving my storage to another place. So dont make mistake i made.This is my second review about Starbound becasue after publication the previous one I get missunderstood and hated. I litlle overreacted and gave game bad opinion together with using just one swearword , but thats not a case to hate me from metioning about defect whitch costed me a lot of time.If you remember that you shouldnt leave your stuff on the floor whlie teleporting then you willl be fine."
76561198087908783,Recommended,211820,24467169,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Inaire777,goes from beta to 1.0 and wont start :/
76561197994025867,Recommended,211820,24494064,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ogge,Liked Terraria? This is the next step.
,Recommended,211820,26409061,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Emperor Palpamemes,Everyone's out there complaining about No Man's Sky... and I've just been sitting here playing starbound
,Recommended,211820,8768056,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,party_steve,Terraria clone my♥♥♥♥♥ Really good. Buy it. Now.
,Recommended,211820,18936490,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Boss Ninja,"pew pew, dig dig, loooot! Beam! Win!"
,Recommended,211820,8011124,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Max Dagger,"If you liked Terraria, you will love this game. Intergalactic travel with friends has never been any better than this. Many types of enviroment to challenge you at every turn. Many creatures of different types, docile and hostile with many more appearing at night. Fun and bizzare boss fights. This game might be on beta at the moment, but its a fun one. Go ahead and pick this game up. You will like your purchase. Make sure to bring a friend with you."
,Recommended,211820,32928019,Posted: 28 June,all,Jhole,Fun gameglitch best race
,Recommended,211820,24593447,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,★★Mr.Mango★★,I LOVE this game! its amazing soo fun so creativeyou get to explore the ENTIRE UNIVERSE! like what else could get betterthan this! I have had this game since mid 2014 and I am still playing thistill this day I really love it keep up the good work! Looking forward to getting even more great updates!
,Not Recommended,211820,24672856,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dashrider,"since the ""1.0"" patch i have been unable to run the game.  I have done everything posted by dev's in an attempt to fix the problem and it has not worked.  I cannot recommend broken products."
,Recommended,211820,24735651,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,[Jö] Cinders-Two,"Pros and Cons of Starbound:Pros: Lots of exploring, perfect for the sandbox/survival genre. Plenty of fun weapons, from cursor-guided missile launchers, to massive swords with elemental power. A ton of quests that will take you all over the galaxy, perhaps the universe. A story and soundtrack perfect for the game, and each species has a different armor set and reactions to certain items. And interesting biomes from an underworld of sorts called ""heck"" to an ocean planet full of treasure and ocean themed enemies.Cons: (some of these are pretty small but noticable enough to mention) Sometimes the rendering of planets can be kinda slow. Trying to stream the game fullscreen resulted in the resolution bugging out and caused the framerate to slow considerably. Each species does not have different powers, even if it makes sense that they should. Finding certain meterials can be hard at times. And just trying to get your ship working so you can explore the universe takes a whole process that can be pretty tedious.Now here's a list of what powers I would give to what species.Human: Slightly increased currency aquisition, slight dps increase with melee weaponsHylotl: Ability to breathe underwater, increased mining efficiency underwaterAvian: Increased jumping height, slight gliding effect, lessened fall damage.Apex: Increased inteligence (allows faster crafting and amount of meterials needed to craft items is decreased)Glitch: Using electric dps weapons adds a small regeneration effect, recruitment of robotic crew members is easierFloran: Immunity to poison, chance to poison an enemy hit with a melee attackNovakid: Small increase to ranged weapons dps, Glows in dark areas due to them being made of energy"
76561198166795498,Recommended,211820,25005073,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Lawrence of Arabia,It's like No Man's Sky with content
76561198175179691,Recommended,211820,24604175,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Pierce:,"Nice story.Nice world view.Pixel game always could won people's hearts of.BUT, don't you guys think add more language before you wrote story is more important things to be done?Be honestly, English is not my mother language. I've been waiting for Chinese or other languages for years.Im not useing chinese because I do respect all you guys.Think about this :)"
,Recommended,211820,24604414,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,PinheadLARRY699,"I've played this game throughout early access and I loved it, it can get boring at times because I would have to start a new character because of the updates. If you haven't played early access get it because it is at it's best stage in development."
,Not Recommended,211820,24625180,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,HypnoJuice,"TL;DR, just play terraria.A huge abundance of content keeps things a bit interesting, but so many of the games core mechanics are poorly implemented."
,Recommended,211820,24736672,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Toadrocker,"Amazing game of the genre. Great style of progression in the game. I personally like it much better than Terraria, which was one of the best selling games of this genre. Good job Chucklefish."
76561198320523251,Recommended,211820,24835359,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,waiting4deathbb,its good
76561198084452627,Recommended,211820,24603884,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Philip Banks,"The game is great overall since i can finally become THE GREATEST IN THE GALAXY!!!But in all serious. I really enjoyed this game it's sort of have the terraria feeling where you can put many hours into building, farming, raiding, exploring and much more I think I've had this game for 2 years now and It's still a great game.Btw I've played for 2 days and I've already beaten the final boss with my best bud so yeah its great."
76561198128857821,Recommended,211820,24976142,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Herbert Brown,"Addictive, best $15 I have ever spent on Steam. Except the first week playing this game I got a profile-swipe. Basically deleted all my progress on one of my profile. I believe it was because I named two profiles the same thing, watch out for that."
,Recommended,211820,24627547,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,TheGuyThatAteTheHat,"This is a very visual-oriented game, with an outstanding calm, atmosphere and active environment. There's a lot to explore, discovering new life on other planets, making this game almost unlimited."
,Recommended,211820,25154488,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Fight For What's Tight,"Even after the Story Modewhich had a kick♥♥♥♥♥endingthere was still a lot of stuff to do. Find a lot of unique cosmetics, do quests for random people on random planets. THe game received so much hate in the early stages, and it's AMAZING to see how much ChucklleFish has improved it. I reccommend it, and I give it a 7/10 or so"
76561198093261904,Recommended,211820,17904976,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,gringo.exe,11/10-would fly again
,Recommended,211820,25424067,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,RhythmGhost,"Yes, yes and yes.This game is incredibly fun, especially since 1.0.And workshop. Ermagerdddd. So good. <3If you like Terraria, you'll love this."
,Recommended,211820,24397302,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Computer 🅱️roke leave alone,this game has made me forget what reality is.
,Recommended,211820,24587733,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Eni,"This is, well, intresting. I've had the game for a while now, but was unable to play until about 8 months ago due to my old computer being a piece of fecal matter. I can't say it's an amazing game, but i can't say it's a bad game either. And being has the memory leak bug was fixed (gotta use unstable for that) It boosts my opionion slightlyLet me start with the Pros and Cons, like plenty of people do;Pros:-Very nice soundtrack-clever boss design-intresting racial selctions, however, I would perfer if they weren't all humanoid, that's kind of a waste of pixel art talent- Nice array of weapons, and armor befitting the races and the sociteties of such- Replayable-Optional Permadeath!Cons:-Despite the array of weapons, monsters are fairly generic, with very little changing, and most monsters reccuring on most planets. stronger depending on the threat level.. or lack therof?-RIP S.A.I.L Icons are personalities.-RIP Character backstories. Perhaps something could be reached as those being an optional start?-Storyline is... well, meh. The idea of scanning things is okay, but I'm putting this under cons as it is highly repetitive and it's really hard to find the right planets-Ahh lag spikes, optimize this please, please, please!!... Yeah.So, all in all, not that bad. There are more Pros than Cons, and lots of the cons are fairly minor, and at least there's quests in this. So, It's a case of, do what you want, and the only real way to determine how good the game is is to play for yourself.  But seeing as this is a review on reccomentation, I will personally say yes, play it. If you like Terraria, you'll probably like this, too. Probably.EDIT: I am aware that things have been changed, and this review is now obsolete."
,Recommended,211820,24844057,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Lord Greasy Ass,"Wonderful game. Very fun (can get old if you don't invite a friend or play on an active server) but everything about it is great. The lore, story and play style is unique even from terraria and other 2D building games. If you like star wars, Guardians of the galaxy or other scifi and space movies, you will like this game. The only problem is the mods. The workshop mods aren't working for a lot of people recently. They will work one day then they won't show up anywhere but you workshop subscriptions. Please fix this!"
,Recommended,211820,24861852,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,DarkHoodness,"2D voxel fun - Build a cool base with many materials and furniture to find and unlock, fly your customisable space ship around a proceedully generated universe, explore different proceedually generated planets with different biomes, discover NPC villages, do a bunch of fetch quests for them, get them to join your crew. Find/earn loot. There's a lacklustre storyline quest to follow as well, which gives you some bosses to fight.Co-operative multiplayer is decent - Build awesome things together with friends! Although since the game doesn't scale enemy or boss difficulty with the amount of people playing, it makes combat unchallenging - Especially since you can teleport to your allies after you die instead of being forced to track back to where you died to retrieve your dropped items.Once you're bored with the vanilla content, mods like Frackin' Universe completey overhaul the game and give you more proceedually generated content to explore, although be sure to regularly back up your save files to avoid corruption if something goes wrong:(""Steam\steamapps\common\Starbound\storage"", ""player"" and ""universe"" folders)"
76561198109313163,Recommended,211820,24925897,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,GOD,better than no mans sky
76561198047052218,Not Recommended,211820,25475793,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Foolosopher,"This game is great! Tons of content, unique planets to explore, some plot behind the rich gameplay, fun stuff all over...So I started playing and I was really excited, pumped up by a friend, who plays it for months already. Everything id fine, terrariesque gameplay but also speaceships, robots, Earth is destroyed and our hero is the last survivor of a great organisation bla bla. Then I beam down to a planet and start exploring and there is a computer who gives you info and makes fun of your hero - superfun. AND THEN IT STARTS RAINING AND YOU MEET 3-4 CREATURES AT THE SAME TIME AND FPS DROPS TO 5!!! Then you die, but not because the creatures are too strong or you have no heal or no weapons - you die, because with all the lag you cant even move properly!!! And it keeps happening for 6-7 hours. My PC is at least double the recommended settings for this game. A 2d pixellated graphics game!!! Then I gooogle the problem and boom - hundreds of people having the same problem! Even official forums of Chuckle Fish are flooded with complaints. And by far there is no official response. In the official forum admins keep asking people for the parameters of the PC, instead of accepting there is a problem, that needs to be adressed. And I can accept a bad game being bad and I would drop it, but here there is a good game being laggy for no reason. Optimisation is not too hard I guess, if every other game with similar graphics is running perfectly fine on my 6 year old laptop. Why is this one not running on my home PC?DONT BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥!! And the♥♥♥♥♥♥is not the game itself, it is the attitude of the creators. I will probably use steam refund on the game. Still I hope they will fix the problems and then I will gladly buy the game again, but for now it is terrible."
,Recommended,211820,26407282,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,LOKIIII,"This game is just plain amazing. Period. I bought it in the Beta and since I came back, it changed dramatically. With beautiful graphics that stands out of all pixel games.The story has some flaws, unfortunately. You're told to go get artifacts on specific planets, but there should be more challenge. Like bring back some fruits/foods from that planet, and one piece of clothing that fits in that planet type. And once you're done scrambling all over the universe and get all the artifacts... well, you find that out.Okay. I'll be honest. S T A R B O U N D I S N O T M I N E C R A F T . Got it? Neither Terraria.There is also lots of types of planets and stars! The gentle star, frozen star, the fiery star, the temperate star, and the radioactive star! With toxic planets, dark planets, ocean planets, lava planets, etc.What makes this game fun and unique is the variety of style. Like quick weapons? Go with a sword. Like slow yet powerful weapons? Go with a hammer! Like casting spells? Go with a staff! Want all of these? Have them all! With resources you need to collect on different types of planets to upgrade furnaces, crafting stations, gardening stations, armor, and much more! You can invite people on to your ship and let fight with you. With clothing as well! You can get all types of clothing to customize your character. Choose your hair, stance, clothes in the beginning. Then, get clothes from chests and quests!There is just so much to this game. Ship expansions, more resources, NPC buddies, moon fuel (I like that), bosses, missions, farming, building civilizations, etc. I would totally recommend this game. It's time consuming and you just get lost in it until mom calls for dinner."
,Recommended,211820,26604868,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Mikaufoxy,"Having this game for awhile and played hundreds of hours into it, Starbound is the definitive ""Terraria successor"" that we've been wanting. It has sandbox, combat, mystery, adventure, and even a story, coupled with your own Outpost that, through story development and quest completion, more shops become available.The movement, however, is garbage, and has been since day one. You remember how some games like Minecraft and Super Mario Bros has momentum movement that slows down and stops? Well, in this game, it doesn't matter how much speed you're running, you will always have a set momentum that is akin to walking on ice. Be sure to carry plenty of healing items, because the slippery momentum will injure you repeatedly, time and time again... possibly even leading to death.That's my biggest complaint I have with this game."
,Recommended,211820,29596055,Posted: 30 January,all,Dorchaigh,If No Man's Sky wasn't No Man's Lie
76561198184325422,Recommended,211820,32420483,Posted: 14 June,all,Rob,I have a cow
,Recommended,211820,34807472,Posted: 7 September,all,Aoestre,this game has consumed my life.10/10.
76561198056616607,Not Recommended,211820,30109046,Posted: 22 February,all,Communist Vape God,Its a game that a lot of freedom but is bothersomely more story driven  than is desirable and is rather bland compared to other games that are of similar nature. I want to love it I cant. I'd leave it on the shelf.
,Recommended,211820,24841861,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Gooplux,12 hours. that is how long i binged this game yesterday. 12. hours. my second longest binge was also in this game... 6 hours the day before yesterday.If you want something to consume your life for a while... this will definiantly suffice.
76561198058499296,Recommended,211820,25897131,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Spider,"Starbound makes real leaps and BOUNDS (dum dun tiss) in the Survival Genre.Offering an interesting story with an actual main campaign, unlike the other survival games before it.While some survival games have tried to jump into space none do it better like Starbound. Theres a wide variety of different planets to explore, even if theres not that much variety on what can be found on them. The game has very little padding, which makes it seem like it goes by incredibly fast (even though my playtime came to around 25 hours). Even though i think the game lacks in a few ways, they can easily be improved with mods.As a fan of the survival genre, Starbound was just a treat to play.The main problem however is the lack of a community, i mostly blame this on the fact that the constant save wipes durring the early acess phases of the game turned a lot of people off from playing it.I would personally give Starbound an 8.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,24943874,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Andrazel,"Hello there my fellas! Im back with writing a new review , and this time its about starbound!!! So lets get right into it!Pros :- theres an inf amount of planets- There is a mulitplayer with a lot of servers to play on- You wont get bored fast , because there is so much to do and so much to find- losta different races which are all very cool and all have different traditions- since the new gameplay update theres a lot more roleplay potential or also just plain fun- A lot of people say the graphics are bad / not good . But I actually despise these people. I love the pixel style inspired from terraria and my personal opinion is that this game is a lot bettter than terraria.- You can build some really cool and huge houses on every kind of planet you want. Lots of different styles and cosmetic effects.- Easy group system which makes playing with friends really easy.Negatives :- It is VERY difficult to make server IF you are not in the same network , or you are some kind of moron and you are using hamachi- It kinda makes the game a  bit to easy when you are playing with friends. Which is not neccecarly a bad thing but im trying to find bad stuff.- IF you are playing on a server like me there always is a possability to get griefed IF there is no protect option- The game is totally different from before the gameplay rework so watch out for confusion if you are revisiting the game like me!Well that was pretty much everything I had to say about starbound. Go check out my youtube channel or my steam profile for more fun and stuffs. Cya!https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCoR292pl_23PYG_UAzq6_4g"
,Not Recommended,211820,24918571,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ButterInEveryOrifice,"Had no food so started farming.game crashesgets back and has lost 30 min of progress but has kept the inventory of that progressmeaning I lost all of my seeds so no way to produce food nowdies of starvation underground because that's where I was 30 minutes agoloses all my building blocks, the core fragments for the first mission, and the will to play this garbage ♥♥♥♥ing gameWas better in beta."
76561198087570173,Recommended,211820,25668216,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Amazing Name,better than no mans sky
,Recommended,211820,24838447,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Coolman741,I absolutely love this game <3
76561198151015150,Recommended,211820,30585669,Posted: 18 March,all,Happy Mask Salesman,Good game minor lag tweaks and some well thought updates that don't erase saves but over all I'll give it 5/5
,Recommended,211820,7962357,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dyfe Strax,Sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo good!
,Recommended,211820,13575209,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,The Thanda Panda,"Me and my clanmates play this game whenever we get free time out of comepettetive games.It's a must have if you're a 2D and Craft lover!Playing with friends is also great, though it's still buggy. But hey this game is still not finished! Forget all the haters, get this damn game!"
,Recommended,211820,20291458,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Struggz,"Starbound is a great newcomer in the Sandbox genre. I have very much enjoyed what I have played. Unfortunately, there aren't many missions after the first few from what I can tell. The developers have released many large updates, which is definitely a good thing. The one thing that I don't enjoy, is the fact that it takes FOREVER for the game to intitially load. I don't understand why either, I have tried many different start-up options and every time, it takes forever. But all in all, it's a pretty solid game for still being in Early Access. It's definitely worth a try if you're not sure. Just refund it through Steam if you don't like it. :)"
,Recommended,211820,10547307,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,sealclubberclub,"YOU CAN BE A BIRD!(also, I love this game and think everyone should play it too!)"
76561198059015495,Not Recommended,211820,12084485,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,higgenbottom,"Game has potential but since there's no focus there's a good chance you'll lose interest. I would wait until it's officially released to buy, which may be never."
76561198141093904,Recommended,211820,18680157,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,All my friends are dead,"I like starbound because its like terraria except you can vist other planets and systems! You also have a quest log and guides to help you play the game if you dont know how to play. I recommend this game! You start of by getting a manipulator that diggs like a pickaxe. You can also get pickaxes from chests, the higher the upgrade the faster it goes and the more durability space is to jump you hold mosue 1 to dig with manipulator a and d are to move(pretty sure)."
76561198117133727,Recommended,211820,14250201,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,The Ultimate Mooob,"I used to have a really OP character without much to do.But now that the update has come out it deleted my character :( (only thing I didn't really care about)But with my new character it gave me a whole new experience with what the game was supposed to be like,with a brand new start! I will look forwards to playing this game and I really hope you will too!If you actually read this I thank you"
,Not Recommended,211820,24590763,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,The Shackal,"I actually like this game, but it's true what others have said. It actually used to be a lot better. The combat is so much more clunky than it used to be, mostly because they added back enemy proximity damage (Enemies hitting you by touching you). It's literally impossible to dodge them, so you have to get lucky and kill them first. This is also difficult, especially if there are more than one enemy. Guns drain your energy completely by the time you kill one enemy, let alone multiple ones.Furthermore, I feel like the enemy animals used to be a lot more varied back then. It's the same type every planet now, but I'm pretty sure this wasn't always the case. Maybe I'm wrong.Lastly, they butchered the story by, well, actually adding one. S.A.I.L was the main source of interaction before the 1.0 update, then they added this ""Bright"" Grandma-like character. However, she has the most boring dialogue I've ever heard. It's nervewrecking that she's been shoehorned so hard into the game yet she's about as interesting as watching paint dry. This isn't even considering how bad the fetch-quest filled main story is. If your main story is driven by fetch quests, you failed. This applies to every game ever, period. It was bad enough with the older version's fetch quests as outpost missions, which should have been scrapped. Instead, they took it even further. Why? Why would you do that?Overall, the game took too many steps back. It has so much potential too, so it really upsets me to no longer support it. Its soundtrack is one of my most favorites of all time too. Maybe they'll actually fix this all, but I sincerely doubt it."
,Not Recommended,211820,10039198,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Surecast,♥♥♥♥♥ unfinished.
,Not Recommended,211820,12384869,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Elspin,"A pretty ""meh"" copy of terraria in space, the gameplay is oddly balanced and the team is barely supporting the game"
,Recommended,211820,9058412,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Armok God of Blood,"This is just... wow. Amazing doesn't even begin to describe this EARLY ACCESS game. Such potential...To those who say this is a ripoff of Terraria :....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198115830529,Recommended,211820,27303921,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Dark Artist,THIS GAME IS THE BEST THING EVER! Ive played this game since alpha!! Its developed so much over time!! Keep up the good work!!! ;D
76561198144143329,Recommended,211820,20362808,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Breezepin,"Now if someone did not give,You a clear eeview im here to do that.Ok so this isnt really pros cons etc etc its about gameplay people say AND make fun of its early access since im posting in 2016 its 3 years in......SO yes its been along time but why dont you try making a game.unless you got the equipment editing and graphic skills i do not qualify people to rate this a horrible mess of a game.And yes i do not know how to make games but i cant help but to see so many horrible reviews just saying the following. day 1:was a monkey and murdered a few animals.2: i dug so far a fell in flat lava (WTF) and finnaly number 3:has been in early access so long my grandma thats 120 knows what im talking about.So yes buy it buy it like a plant sprouting flowers now the only problem i have with this game is that QUEST ARE REQUIRED. yes i know your like well all games have that.but imagine blending terraria and skyrim V in a blender.You get this do stuff at your will be cool but in order to do anything you gotta do a quest.(which sometimes these quest are obnoxiously long for a 3 minute boss fight) so yes i rate this a 9/10 one of the more brilliant early access games.now people need to understand that you cant act like devs arent trying.CAUSE THEY ARE. if they were not working why would this game even exist one again BUY IT IGNORE NAGATIVE REVEIWS I CANT THANK THE STAFF ENOUGH FOR MAKING SUCH A BRILLIANT GAME."
76561198044490957,Recommended,211820,17747206,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,The Big Lebowski,LOVE IT! better than terraria and minecraft combined
,Recommended,211820,17743419,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,[FaZe]_Riley,"It is annoying to get the multiplayer running, but the game itself is alright I guess."
,Recommended,211820,18696451,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,badda bing badda boom,"I strongly recommend this game, and I'm here to tell you why.If you enjoy or have enjoyed playing Minecraft, a survival that I suppose you have heard of, then you will probably enjoy Starbound. Starbound is a good mix of Minecrafts exploration, building and survival and Terrarias 2D format and game mechanics, as well as any space game's theme. So, if you enjoyed Minecraft, you will probably like Starbound.The 15$/14€ deal is a very nice one, as Starbound is a long-lived fun game of exploration, quest solving, base-building, monster-fighting, item collecting, dungeon exploring and much, much more. It's friendly pixelated layout makes it the perfect game for just about anyone, at any age, any time, any place, and of course anyone who likes Indie, Adventure or Sandbox games.To sum it all up, this game is definatly worth the money and time to buy. I've had a lot of fun so far in Starbound, and I will probably have a lot more fun in the future as well. I hope this review convinced you to get the game.-Brix"
76561198208529233,Recommended,211820,17763423,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Gabethedinosaur,"Great game, just got it and it looks promising. The graphics are just incredible, and is a reminder of terraria. 9.5/10. If you love building epic houses, this is the game for you.:)"
76561198029513902,Recommended,211820,17766002,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Private_Perkins,"-Turns on game ""I'll play for an hour or two""-Mining looking for fuel..-""Hey! it's 3am!"""
76561198193142042,Recommended,211820,17770752,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,ShawnSaxhleel,I love to costumis my charactor! I love to explore all the planets/biomes! But what I love most about the game is it is so easy to mod! :)
76561198056354146,Recommended,211820,17764309,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ChaotixSpark,A game worth buying based on a premise. A game worth waiting for due to how far along it is. Wait for the final release or close to final release. Buy it because its a fun Terraria experience in space and much more beginning of the game freedom than Terraria is. Wait if you dont want to jump and see the lack of polish and optimization in the game. This is constantly on my watch list until a patch hits that does everything i want it to.
,Recommended,211820,17764277,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,IM♂ANIME♂BOY,This is one of the games that make you wanna play more every update they make
,Recommended,211820,17766081,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sneke,"Awesome game! love it, Highly recommended!"
76561198122694070,Recommended,211820,17764646,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,A Bacon Strip,Despite how many hours i have on this game man this game is hella fun but it is more fun if u play with friends
76561198082753729,Recommended,211820,24464928,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tighlia,"I liked this game a lot in its earlier days, though it isn't bad now, it was more fun when there were survival aspects (such as food and heat management) in the game back in Rampaging Koala build.  Since then I've lost interest since it's too much like Terraria in space.  I reccomend the game for a casual, fun experience, but It's not a game to take seriously."
76561198094413315,Recommended,211820,31007646,Posted: 7 April,all,SneakyTurtle,I recomend this game it is very similar to one of my favourite games terraria you can explore upgrade your items take part in quests and do much more i definetly recomend it!
,Not Recommended,211820,16996136,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Tinvai,Don't buy it until they finished it.Game has been in Beta state for years now.
76561198048131300,Recommended,211820,20500110,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Howl,"I played this game when it first came out (170+ hours worth) and ♥♥♥♥ing loved it. Haven't played it since they finished it, I'm going back to do so now."
,Recommended,211820,24564213,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Hetaku,"I've been playing Starbound since open beta, and watching the huge leap of progress from that point to the public release of Starbound 1.0 has been overwhelmingly astounding.  I am utterly and thoroughly impressed with all of the new content, quests, and mechanics introduced in the update and throughout the game as a whole.  While there are still bugs here and there, I've yet to run into one that I haven't been able to solve in 5 minutes with the simplest of troubleshooting.  This game is worth every penny spent on its acquisition, with hours upon hours of dungeon delving, exploring, mining, building, fighting, and mod content offered within its small package and astonishing community.  I would easily rate this game 4.5/5 stars!"
,Recommended,211820,24604925,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Bug-Dealer,"I'm always so astounded to find negative ratings for this game. Not only has it taken over my life, but anyone who i recommend it to quickly become avid, obsessive players just like myself. Starbound is an incredible game that not only possesses fantastic replay value, but is also incredibly versatile in what it offers you as a player.The quirky space theme of this game is honestly so charming, and it holds so many interesting aspects per-planet that keep your interest in exploration alive. While the main plot of the story I find forgivably cliche and a little dry, it isn't invasive enough to warrant as an actual downside. If you want to ignore it you can, and little to nothing is changed or restricted in your overall gameplay. It doesn't bash you over the head with what you're ""supposed"" to be doing, and instead lets you take your time and allows you to do whatever the hell you want. Not only that, but the minibosses it leads up to are exciting and interesting enough to encourage you to push onwards to complete each stage of the quests on offer.People want what they've always played. They come into this game wanting terraria, and that is honestly astounding. This game isn't terraria, and it shouldn't be held up in comparison. The reason there are so many negative reviews is because so many people went into it expecting a game that has already been created by someone else, and when it varied from said game, they all flipped their lids. If you enjoy terarria more, great, but review this game for what it is, rather than for what its comparably not!I enjoy starbound for its variation and versatility. For its player-friendliness and willingness to teach you its lore and aspects rather than to just scream at you to read the wiki. Its exploration value is insane, its lore is creative and endearing, the dungeons are fantastic and rewarding, the minibosses are challenging but satisfying, the visuals are screamingly, outrageously gorgeous; this game is fantastic and well worth the price. I highly, highly recommend it."
,Not Recommended,211820,24586930,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,le chiKin,"I have far too many gripes to list that have already been fleshed out (more than the game does for its story) in other reviews, so I'll cut right to the chase:Starbound is a game where the Early Access Beta was actually the full game, and the full game is the beta.Hell, even Microsoft lets you undo a Windows 10 update if you didn't like it."
,Not Recommended,211820,24674026,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Boom,It has a couple things better then Terraria. Too bad Terraria has a million things better then Starbound.
,Not Recommended,211820,24604560,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,biodtox,"First of all, I wish there was ""Mixed"" review option, but more on that at the end.The 1.0 is so rushed that the devs might as well not even make an update. It overall is a huge disappointment. In some way I feel like 1.0 has actually less content than last major beta update. Furthermore I think alpha was a better game.I haven't completed the story so I might be wrong, but it feels generic. Unifying the begining it for all playable races was a mistake. The basic information that we used to have was actually better. I remember that Avian story was that of running away from religious fanatics because what you said was heresy, or something like that. In a way it captured what Starbound should be better. Cast out of your home planet now you'll have to explore find place for yourself. Since I used to play as Avian I was looking forward to updating that story arc.As for exploring they messed that up too, which is the worst thing they did. I remember that at some point there was a system that chose a bunch of creatures from the pool, randomised their colours (and attacks, but of that I'm not sure) and populated the planet with them. The fauna of planets felt somewhat unique. Now I see monsters with exact colours and attacks on planets of the same type. As for the structures it looks like they replaced old repetetive bunkers, labs and such with ruins of houses, cementaries and such. While I like that change they are still repetetive. The removal of ""quit and play"" thing which placed you back in your ship is another mistake. Without it I hate to go underground, especially when I need to go fo stuff like core fragments. I know that current proper save and quit feature should be like that, but it is really boring to go back all the way up. I wish there was an item like that mirror from Terraria. Only good thing of that change is that ""Save and quit"" can be used as a pause button. Speaking of which. is it really that hard to make a pause button?The quests in 1.0 are a joke. Most of quests from Outpost are gone. The new ones are unique and that's good, but the new ""generic"" quests are way worse. Their pool is small. Very small. I think there are three of four of generic quests. The one's from the Outpost while being generic fetch quests felt unique. I remember the Glitch who couldn't talk and gave me quest through a drawing. Or having to find musical notes in a bin. The new ones are literally the same. Once in one village I had THREE of THE SAME quest which was to give materials to someone to make a gift.The techs in 1.0 are a joke. In pre-1.0 the techs were somewhat unique. Like a boat, or a sphere that negated fall damage. Now it's: Dash, turning into a small sphere and double jump. The other techs are upgrades or variations of those techs. For example instead of getting a boat from tech and sailing now we have less fun small sphere that makes you swim faster ... yay.The melee weapons are worse too. New sword combo system makes swords perform worse now from what I've sxpierienced. Hammers and axes still have the charging up mechanics which is ok, althought I personally don't like it. Spears are now superior to every weapon due to their range, lack of charge up and nice abilities. Ranged weapons though feel ok and staffs are fun.The hunger mechanic is a joke. You get hungry very, very fast. While I menage to have a lot of food, opening inventory, pressing X to change hotbar, taking out some food and eating it in what feels like three minute intervals gets annoying quickly. Yes, I could make a big stack, but that would require farming or buying the food. The old hunger system, while meaningless because of how slow it was relatively to how easy and quick you could get meat was betterI miss old cold mechanics where you actually had to dress warm on planets with snow. Not planets in frozen star systems, but planets with snow in general. I miss that. Yea I guess that force-field thingy or EPP which is used now makes more sense, but I am sure that with some thought the old cold mechanic coud be brought back and be fun.New hotbar is just horrible. They've butchered a perfectly fine hotbar for the sake of easier dual wielding, which is practically usless.Is this game worth picking up? As you can see from my 130+ hours, sure. The problem with it is that the game feels like it barely changed over the years. In some aspects it feels like it lacks content that used to be there. And in every playthrought I had a moment in which I got bored of repetiteveness and said ""Well, I'll wait for some major updates"". And every playthrought was shorter, because that moment came quicker every time. Like I said, I wish there was ""Mixed"" review option, but I decided to go for ""Negative"" because I am fed up with the developement of this game. It feels like it is barely changing, because things are being added and deleted constantly. When it was in Early Access I haven't complained about that, but when 1.0 finally hits and the game feels more hollow than last major beta update that is too much. I highly hope that devs bring back old glory of this game because it has huge potential."
76561198050083731,Not Recommended,211820,24657456,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,arclight808,"As of 1.0, playing survival is no longer any fun. Hunger metter falls too quickly and losing all your posessions on death included bandages/healing so fighting your way back to where your items lay is a chore and absolutley NO FUN. I put in 90 hours while this was in Beta and now that's been officially released, I can't even make a go of it in Survival Mode???? NO FUN and I can just imagine what the new players are going to go through. Frustrating being relegated to Sanbox/Casual.."
,Recommended,211820,24820709,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Ball Python Dapper,This game is so cool i loved it from it was in beta back then. Then again id usually play nightly but besides that when i saw it became 1.0 i was so happy that i played the regular version and went to the workshop to get as many playable races especially getting mechs but i would play this game mods or no mods. One last thing i always wanted to start a starbound band and now i can without creating a server and just invite my friends to play. By the way if u read this comment plz add me as a friend if u play this game i really wanted to start off getting a band of friends and a band for a new army i might think of starting TOMBIEZREX's ARMY although i dont want to start a group i only want a bunch of friends so i hope u become my friend and join me in starbound.
76561198272126920,Recommended,211820,24845174,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,okmommy0306,i like this game but now im actully sad i lost almost a my planets can you help me?
76561198122249832,Recommended,211820,24796271,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,RelativelyDank,"Before I got Starbound, I kept seeing in the reviews that it had apparently turned into garbage. As such, it took me awhile to actually buy the dang thing. But when I did, I was very impressed. It was Terraria with the things that Terraria lacked."
76561198069112662,Recommended,211820,24625931,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,addeya,Never played the beta or anything bought the game on release and I can find nothing wrong with the game 10/10 for me very enjoyable
76561198025184649,Not Recommended,211820,24694882,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,voteforpedro,"I played Starbound for a while pre-release, coming back every few months or years (yes, the development period was THAT LONG) to see what was new.Over all that time, the game hasn't really changed much. Actually, if anything, it is more flimsy, buggy, and grindy than it was before.The story is simply stupid, boring, and uninteresting. Chucklefish scrapped the opportunity for varied character backgrounds and railroaded every race and every character into the same opening sequence and plotline crammed with weak dialogue and annoying fetch quests. Most of the game is spent running around to different planets hunting down race-specific settlements so you can scan their funiture and then occasionally go do a dungeon with a boss that is way easier than the rest of the dungeon you just came through.As a sandbox game, there is yet more railroading. There is nothing to do but grind for resources, so you can upgrade your stuff, so you can grind for resources, so you can upgrade; and onwards. You can make settlements, but your settlers don't DO anything. The game makes it hard to be a bad guy, since all non-hostile NPCs are invincible and the only way to MAKE them hostile is to break their houses and steal their blocks (or accidentally ""steal"" their blocks when a weather event breaks their buildings). The side quests are all the same boring, vapid fetch quests, escort quests, kill quests.The only fun thing I've done is run around on high level planets with low-level gear, doing ""big game hunting."" That can get exciting, especially if you up the stakes on hardcore mode or are carrying a bunch of rare stuff with you. Oh, by the way, you can't change difficulty after you start. Because... reasons.PvP would be a nice addition. I'm thinking in the vein of Dark Souls or even Ultima/Eve Online, where you git gud or die. Could add some excitement.There is some solace to be had in building things, if you're into that. And perhaps more mods will come to fix these problems and add cool stories. But right now Starbound is dull. Put it on the backburner, maybe torrent it if you really want to try it (the devs themselves had recommended that course of action, actually). Otherwise, remember it as an example of what a project looks like with no direction and no deadline discipline."
,Recommended,211820,8661537,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Error 404,this game is very good one i love it :) if you can buy this game do it :)
,Recommended,211820,29245301,Posted: 14 January,all,kek,At least better than No man's Sky :D
,Recommended,211820,10401346,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Multi,"I don't even know where to begin. Starbound is like Terraria on crack. Beam up, Beam down, fight, mine, and travel the stars. Sure the content is a bit sparse but the game plays and runs awesomely. Free to do whatever you want, this game is one of the BEST 2d adventure games this side of New Jersey. If you want something to keep you interested for awhile, better get Starbound.11/3 chickensOriginal review posted 23 december, 2013."
,Recommended,211820,24923047,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Dunkaroos,Girlfriend left me for playing this to muchWorth it.
76561198116829696,Not Recommended,211820,25588917,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,robruckus65,"As of writing this review I ahve mixed feelings about this game. For starters I love the games art style I find it very appealing. The gameplay is fun and addictive. Being able to travel around a universe and explore planets is very fun as well. However, I can not recommend this game to anyone in its current state. This game is horribly optimized. In areas with a lot of placed objects the frames will start to bog down and when there are a lot of npcs on the screen the game starts approaching slideshow levels of framerate. During combat large amounts of particle effects will cripple framerate to a crawl. Weather particle effects also effect framerate.The game even in single player has odd issues with what seems to be server lag. The player's character will be moving around freely while entities will freeze up and then shoot forward at incredible speeds like you are experiencing a lagging server.I do not have a top end gaming rig I have a high mid end rig which is well above the games recommended system requirements and there is no reason for a game like this to have such horrific framerate issues. If the devs ever Get the optimization sorted out to where this game can stay at a stable 30fps+ (preferably 60fps) I will change my review to recommended but in the meantime the framerate issues take the fun out of the game and make it very hard to enjoy playing."
,Not Recommended,211820,25775817,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,partty1,"This game looks good, but I can' get into it, it seems like it has issues with telling you what to do, or giving you information on your quest, which isn't a bad thing in general, but I personally don't like dying 50 times to hard to shoot enemies, in near pitch black, looking for something called a Floran artifact, and with nothing else to go on. I spent about 1 hour looking for a floran artifact, which mind you the game didn;t really tell me what it looks like, or where to find it, or if I'm even on the right planet for it, I simply gave up and went to leave this review.This game capitalized on Terreria and Minecraft's success, and I can tell the devs put a lot of heart and soul into the game, but I can not for the life of me even figure out what the ♥♥♥♥ I'm supposed to be doing.The only other thing I can do at this stage is some penguin mini mission, where I can easily kill the penguins, then get 2 shot by a flying saucer with an unavoidable attack, and my weapons do about 2% per hit, die in 2 hits for me, just under 30 seconds, then start back at the very beginning of the mission with all my progress lost.DON'T BUY THIS GAME UNLESS YOU LIKE HAVING TO GOOGLE HOW TO HAVE FUN IN IT!."
,Recommended,211820,24838046,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Rotnac,"Starbound is a good one of these kinds of games.I survived the mysterious threat and I explored the vast galaxy. I became a hoarder and built a massive cabin to store my possessions that I couldn't fit inside of my spaceship! I escaped the 3D maze. I played the DOOM E1M1 music on a scorched red planet with my sick electric guitar I found. I was crushed by a small meteor. I was crushed again by a massive meteor from out of nowhere immediately after retrieving my lost loot from the last time I was crushed. I completed trivial random side quests, the tedious/annoying main side mission scavenger hunt, and completed the main story.All that is left is to become an Alpaca.This game is definitely worth playing if you're into this genre. 4/5."
,Recommended,211820,24838097,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Hydra,"I loved this game. Since the new update, which I was waiting forever, I found twice more exploration. If you like Exploration, Sandbox, and a good Story. You'll like this"
,Recommended,211820,24495387,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,KR1dude,"This game was enchanting and incredible even in its beginning stages. It has been amazing watching Starbound grow into what it has become today. The soundtrack alone makes this game worthwhile. With the official 1.0 release, all features before have been fleshed out into complete pieces of the Starbound puzzle. I spent more than a hour exploring a single planet, finding all sorts of secrets left behind from other civilizations and to also find other travelers enjoying a drink under the night sky. I love it."
76561198062579763,Not Recommended,211820,25604143,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Butt,"I do like the concepts of this game. Once you get used to the controls and get an idea of what to do it all falls into place.However I am unable to connect to any multiplayer at all. Can not join any servers.Googled the issue, found no answer that works. Mentioned my trouble on the steam forum, nothing. Not a word from anybody. So I am unable to recommend this game. I bought it for multiplayer and feel ripped off.Games should be fun and easy to play, there should not be complicated problems."
,Recommended,211820,24090989,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Ruger642,"It's a crafting, mining, and exploration platformer. It's similar to Terraria, but with the added bonus of a space ship and numerous planets to explore."
,Not Recommended,211820,26573301,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,DJDiceZ,"I'm too lazy to write a review and explain the many things that went wrong with this game, but take it as a positive one, because this is what people are gonna see when they want to buy the game, and new players will likely enjoy this game. Unless you're a highly critical person and you have played Terraria, and can see where Starbound fails, although it could have been amazing (and i had hoped it would be).Now if you're a beta player and you're not too much of a biased fanboy, you can see that chucklefish gave us a lot of middle fingers and made a lot of poor game design decisions like unnecessarily removing content or made some aspects more and more tedious each update, that's where the negative review comes from. I'll consider changing it to positive when the game *actually* leaves beta. Otherwise it's a decent roleplay and novelty oriented sandbox tool (this is what works for the game, so Chucklefish probably should keep going in this direction and not force a cliché campain on the player) as opposed to Terraria which is a lot more based on action."
,Recommended,211820,10740688,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[MOMSOTN] Spike,"Starbound is the ideal game for those who know how to make their own fun.You're dropped on a planet, with a handful of quests and a tapped-out spaceship, and left to dig coal and arm yourself the best you can. After defeating the final boss and opening Sector X, even that minimalist level of direction falls by the wayside, and you're left to explore on your own.I've heard people call the game boring, but those are the same sort who didn't know what to do with LEGO when they were children, or demanded Mojang add win conditions to Minecraft."
76561198053423000,Recommended,211820,22821113,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,|>LN<| Evenmagic,First Look at the game Ah just a clone of terrariaThought i would regret buying it played over 60hrs. Now i have closer to 200hrs Nothing about this game makes me think its bad now. And It has a good story combat is fun. I would say buy a copy for your self and a friend or have someone that has the game. This game with firneds it alot more fun then when you are alone but its stull fun alone And Pirate!I hope this Helps with you thinking about buying the game :D
,Recommended,211820,24545946,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Spoopy Spooples,I'm a simple manI see fun gameI click buy for fun gameIt is fun gameSimple man amusedSimple man won't get refund
76561198020092591,Recommended,211820,15179901,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,The Road Warrior,"This is a truly brilliant game, even though it is still in early access. It does have some kinks to be ironed out, but it is great fun. One to look forward to after it is completed."
,Not Recommended,211820,12114852,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,hero,"You fooled us all, you beautiful ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,211820,10105750,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,ℤ℁ℎℇ∫,"Starbound is a fun, interesting game that provides a new experience due to the randomly generated items and objects. It rarely gets old, even with end-game items, due to its sheer unpredictability. Though it is largely incomplete and several features that I'd like to be in the game (such as selling items to NPCs or upgradeable ships), the developers often interact with their audience and make sure that they tell us what they're working on. In addition, a myriad of mods are available, adding a wide variety of content. Modding is also easy to do and relatively accessible. All in all, I rate Starbound a 9/10 for its remarkable, unforgettable experience, despite its early stage of development."
,Not Recommended,211820,29133988,Posted: 8 January,all,Stormchaser12,"This game has a lot of good things about it, which other people have already said. However, it also lacks some stuff that you'd think would be in every damn game like this.1. No option to skip the ENTIRE story. Nobody wants to play through it two times. Using admin commands don't count.2. Mod support is iffy, but not terrible. Just expect mods to break every update despite it being out of beta.3. No option for a creative mode.4. Having different mods than another player in multiplayer causes a LOT of issues.5. Being forced to play the story OVER AND OVER when making a new character.6. Save files exist in the game folder instead of in another location, meaning that uninstalling the game to make space and reinstalling means you lose your save files.7. Game deletes save files EVERY update.8. Backup save files or transferring them doesn't work.Unless you love being strapped to a bed and read the same story over and over, you are not gonna be having fun after a few hours of playtime."
76561198052967691,Recommended,211820,31037683,Posted: 9 April,all,Gromnus,"It's okay.Edit: Jeez guys, I've got 17,500 hours on this, how's a review like ""It's okay"" not the funniest gosh darn♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211820,17742273,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Sky,"Terraria with cool trees, better NPCs, quests, simply beautiful soundtrack, bosses, and different items for each characterdid I mention the upgradable ships that are different for each race?AND its still being updated?!AND PENGUINS WITH TANKS?!?!?!?!?!AND KOALAS, wait no thats only the patch name... well they do have more decoration blocks than I can count with smooth everything for building...Con:For those who need something constant to do with a fed story line, this game won't last long on you since the quests currently are placeholders and still being worked onConclusion:REMEMBER KIDS! THIS IS A SANDBOX GAME THAT HAS A STORY! SO DON'T COMPLAIN ABOUT REPETITIVENESSHave a nice day :)"
76561198111617726,Recommended,211820,31171515,Posted: 15 April,all,V E G E F E E L S,dis sum gud shi
,Recommended,211820,23325740,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Zed,"If you ever enjoyed a game like Minecraft or Terraria then you will love this game. I've been playing since this game came out and since then a whole lot has changed but it is still a great game. There are now mission and quests that you can complete to further your loot and become the best Protector in the galaxy. You can also choose the simple life. Settle down on a planet, make a farm, find some pets. Either way with a near unlimited amount of planets and so much gear to make you can easily find yourself sinking a lot of time into this game. You can also choose to very easily make a server and play with your friends, you can defeat all the bosses, find legendary loot and help out some of your neighbours with a friend. All of these things are why I love this game and fully recomend it."
,Recommended,211820,24543460,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,diogo,This game is better than No Man's Sky. Explore the galaxy and create your colony with your friends!
,Not Recommended,211820,11771082,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,wyatt,Mah brover leiks dis geam too mach. DOO NAWT GET. IT WILL RIUN U!
,Recommended,211820,28069540,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,⭐ S4mmYx ◢◤ 火影 💗,I like!
,Not Recommended,211820,24696586,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TylerTheDragon,"I'm not going to sit here and lie to you: I am still going to play this game even though I think it's very flawed. Why?This may be just my completionist talking, but the game is, without a doubt, a decent game. The game is fun and if you like these game styles, it'll likely be for you, as it coincides with other games like Terraria and Minecraft. The problem is, there's no game like that that I think is actually that fun or enjoyable after a few hundred hours of gameplay. Both of those games are terribly flawed, and this game is no different to them.Now I'm not going to complain too much about things that are insignificant that most reviews here state, like the obvious crap that all games of this genre suffer from such as pointless and boring, or sometimes insulting progression levels, because to be frank, these are issues that people who like these games don't really care about and play the games anyway, similar to how I do, because half the negative reviews, albeit having good points, still don't understand that these issues are consistent with every exploration game suffers from, and aren't exclusive to Starbound, even when they claim they are.The game generally is flawed from the fact that the story is boring. It's REALLY boring. The dungeons are  cool-looking but generally make me bored to tears, nevermind the fetch quest crap that the game suffers from. Having to walk around every planet and finding races to talk to them so I can go fight some either stupidly-hard bosses (that don't have clear times to attack.) and go through some boring maze that has some ""secrets"" that aren't really worth finding. The story itself is fine, the idea of getting artifacts from each race to defeat the entity that destroyed your homeworld is great in concept, but the way they handled it was laughably terrible to the point where if there wasn't an achievement for doing it, or the promise of some great reward, there would be no reason or reccomendation in my mind for you to do it.The issue I have with the story is that the fetch quests are terribly handled, you have to find a certain planet to go to a certain structure where you collect facts for a person that should obviously know stuff, and sometimes the areas you find don't even have everything you need, forcing you to find another place to collect facts from. This would be worth it if the dungeons were fun. They are usually just ""fight a couple of enemies and fight a boss that does way too much damage if you don't fight it the way the game wants you to"". You won't find much enjoyment.Also, the fact that the game constantly begs for you to explore the way they want you to generally leaves you feeling unsatisfied. The game locks you out of areas if you don't wear the certain back-slot item, which means that you are locked out of ores until you follow the games suit, which could be seen to avoid difficulty spikes, but there's only 1 or 2 biomes that is consistently (at least in my findings) locked behind these worlds, while the rest are usually just found normally anyway. For example, you may be too cold to enter an ice world around a frozen star, but the problem is the ice world is the exact same as other ice worlds that don't require you to find something to warm yourself up with. It generally gets bland and stale, and the only reason you'd really want to do this is for the two exclusive worlds, as when the game suggests that I need to find racial colonies in areas, they can usually be found outside of those areas just fine without much trouble, but they may be a bit rarer. Nontheless, this generally just feels like a pointless feature to either halt exploration for the player, not trusting the player's intuition to see if an area is too difficult for them to enter yet.The game generally suffers a lot from other issues that I really don't care to talk about in this review, but you get the gist. Buy the game if you like these types of games, but if you're an outsider who doesn't like games like Terraria or Minecraft, these won't be too different to you."
,Recommended,211820,24627685,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,stuvik,"I never thought I'd ever want to play a 2D platform game as much as this. I tried other survival 2D games but would always revert back to M---craft and 3D. Starbound has a great technology tree. It's a little frantic at first as you try and build up enough food (since it's perishable), but once you gauge how long your food can last the real exploring can start.I've barely started the game but it's definitely one I'll be playing through."
,Recommended,211820,24541820,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Gamphar,"Good :+ I can pick 1 from 6 available races as playable character, and choose gender.+ Planetary exploration, travel around galaxy with your own ""unique"" space ship.+ There is farming, crafting, mining, cooking, colonizing, questing, buying, selling, collecting, hiring, driving, what else ... ah wiring, tho I'm not test it yet since already bored before I unlock the matter manipulator functionality.+ Artwork and animation actually good, the left and right hand holding is actually rendered as should be when facing left or right side, not just mirroring the whole thing. And the moving animation is smooth feel organic (hahaha wth am talking about).+ Random generated monster? and lot of them... I guess.+ I can capture monster ala pokemon by throwing pokeball thing to a dying monster.+ Lot of furnitures.+ Lot of armors.+ Lot of weapons.+ Many of lifestock animal you can harvest for crafting material or cooking material. (tho you can't kill it for the meat).Bad :- Yeah 6 races with gender option, I thought there is advantage and disadvantage choosing different race like fishman can breath underwater without equipment but need supply of water in land; or roboman can eat any food including the junk one and anything that can produce methane gas but need a lot of foods... well, guess I was wrong, the only different is the sprite artwork, nothing else, basically the 5 remaining is human in costume. Between male and female is barely different...- Yeah ""unique"" space ship, pretty much all ships are the same design only different artwork ornament/vanity.- The game trying to create different food type based on available races but end up they are just feel the same type of foods...- Pet die really fast, not really helping me... currently the way I know to heal them really slow is from any staff with special healing skill...- Side quest is really boring and not rewarding, sometimes trolling... ex: I run about half of planet and digging through a marble with matter manipulator at 100% power puking slow just to get like 75 pixels ... not even any soda I can buy...  zort. or the one that I escorted stuck and jumping to the trap and die just about 10 meters away from finish...- Monster only attack player and colony... any other bad guy is their ally ... why?- Trap only works on player and his/her ally, monster and bad guy is unaffected.... isn't that cheating? :( ex: I try to tactically shot the bad guy in avian tomb with the burst special move of shotgun to make them fall to a saw blade below but surprising they just O.K. and keep shooting arrow and bam they just teleporting into my position.- I can not move my livestock that scatter around my house... is there a tool to do it?- Small size inventory, so much items to collect. Is there any backpack upgrade?- The throwable weapon or bow aiming curve is awful, pretty close and still miss? idk, is that part of the gameplay that the projectile is not always touching cursor, but it is sure annoying. I mean if the target is in far distance then it's ok, but close ... is this got anything with the race I choose?Note := The Pipes in store page screenshot is actually just a decoration block, not a functional pipe that transfer liquid... but Idk, since I got different pipe... a sewer pipe one.= If you like survival gameplay, like hungry management, the game will force you to drop randomly chosen items... otherwise you stuck with casual difficulty which is no survival gameplay.= The Game got no pause function, even in single player. The ""save and exit"" actually will keep your location, but I never tested it when on quest mission. But yeah, I keep forgetting that this game got no pause, sometimes when I'm in hurry to go to toilet or someone knock my door, I just pressing escape button and when comeback 90% my char is always die and my puking items dropped in the middle of planet... oh gwad, the horror.= So far the core planet underground got nothing interesting, I found only 1 type of ore, lava, and some statue...= The First 5 hours is puking slow, I mean really slow at mining if you are not lucky enough finding pickaxes.= And pickaxes no longer craftable? oh god now they are just really easy to break...= You see the tree with eyes in store page screenshot? well, they are just a tree, don't expecting any too high.= On some map you can't place or mine the block, this happen on quest mission. maybe to avoid cheating? great!, no pause and now this?= I found only 2 types of transportation, 1 ship like in the store page, and 1 type of bunch hover car with different main color that can jump.= All ranged weapons is energy-based-weapons even the thing that shot projectiles...so you got infinite ammo but got annoying by how fast the weapon draining your energy.= Ugh... the game merged the energy and stamina function, so for someone that like ranged will be forced to use ""melee but without special move"" since energy/stamina got depleted by your gun.= I find it 80% of the armor and weapon loot from dungeon / secret location is kinda useless, since almost all of them is puking vanity items that I don't care or the hella low damage even the legendary one. And between common to legendary I feel they just the same thing ... yeah no crazy special effect / move....just the same as common with slight different damage or speed which is still slow... puk.= Each armor tier got several variations but, oh god they all got the same stat, nothing special or no special effect... dammit expecting too high.= Currently furniture is kinda meh cus very few that I find it got a really functional feature like refrigerator to store perishable food, bed for healing... any else? idk, otherwise they just used as thing to determined the spawned colony.= No ecosystem, like predator and prey between wild monster etc. They just ignore each other and ignore me or start chasing me as soon as they saw me like it was in mating season...= Collecting critters is ... well, just for vanity personal zoo collection... not even got real functional effect, this is ..idk, bias from terraria maybe so that I think this is a bad thing...hahaha= I don't understand why they make the rocket boot skill got delay in the middle of air and hard to control with that delay... that was dangerous when for some reason I want to get some mobility to reach higher place but attacked by bunch of snipers... I guess it is better to pick spiked sphere skill and ignore this junk tech skill.= Colony is lack of activity, the only furniture that I saw they used is bed andcampfire...what?...= Every crew that I hired was kinda useless, they die really fast, tend to stuck on thing and let them self being slaughtered by the monster that poke around. Currently found 3 job classtailor (changes crew uniform), janitor, mechanic (sometimes increase max fuel capacity?), with vague status info... and the crew management is only to fire them... so thats it?= Currently I found 3 types of liquidwater, swamp water, lavabut back in the EA stage I found more, I guess I need to explore more planets.= Currently I found no quick heal button like in terraria, just you know.= Flood will destroy all planted fruit seeds, too bad water drain mostly is not in early game.I recommend for ....errrr, uhh.... admiring the artwork by collecting tons of vanity item.If you are looking for good quest mission, story, gameplay... please don't expect it too much (well, it was good but for the first time, but yeah) so you will not get hurt when playing the game, but if you are able to hold up for the first 5~10 hours game session without burn-up or annoyed then maybe, maybe ... dang you good.~ugh hit limit review chars~"
76561198048623723,Recommended,211820,24678568,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Skynred,"THIS IS A NEUTRAL RECOMMENDATION.Ok, Starbound is a copy of terraria, you know that. Is it bad? No. Is it  better? No. Uh... is it MUCH worse? Yes.It took me about 25 hours to finish Starbound after the final release. I don't see a point in coming back to it anytime soon--if ever (whereas I've played Terraria from start to finish after some major update about 5 times so far.) When I first played it, long ago, during early access, I played for much longer than that. And I think this is a first--the final release of Starbound actually seems to have LESS content than the game had during Early Access.In Starbound:- You can choose your character from some 5 or 6 different species. But other than aesthetics, there's no difference between them as far as I can tell--other than the ""Robots,"" which, at least when I played the game during Early Access, had to eat robotic food instead of normal stuff--which, in turn, makes them worse than everyone else.-All main quests are the same: Go to this new kind of planet; walk a long time over the surface until you find a dungeon/town of a new species; scan everything with a green outline. Repeat on a 2nd planet (and hope you get the town if you got the dungeon on the first planet, or vice-versa.) Once you're done with that, you go to a boss-dungeon--which are interesting, ok--find the boss, and kill him. Just kill it, you won't have a hard time with any of them--I think I died once, in one.-Random quests are all the same: ""Find my buddy in that place;"" ok, so you walk a long time in the direction the NPC pointed you; clear the dungeon, rescue NPC; watch him die while you try to escort him back, by walking a long time over the planet's surface.(The rewards for all quests are always the same: 1 of 2 items you can get from any random chest you find anywhere.)- You can build houses--but you don't have too. Your ship, when upgraded to a certain point, is more than large enough to fit everything you want in it. And the starter locker is large enough to hold everything useful you will find in the entire game.- You can craft stuff--but only a few sets of armor, and barely any weapons. There are 3 craftable sets of armor, and then 3 different ones of the 4th tier--which are all the same, looks aside--which can also be upgraded to 3 other sets of the last tier (also all the same, with different skins.) Your weapons you'll find in random chests, other than the top tier craftable 2-handed sword, the few others you can craft are just useless crap. But...- You can find unique weapons. It seems. I found ONE in my entire playthrough, and it sucks. It's also said you can upgrade them several times to make them stronger but not even Google can, atm, explain how that's done exactly. Apparently you go to an NPC in town (Outpost) and, with the necessary components, he can upgrade them to you. But every time I spoke to him, he only showed me 2 possible upgrades--from 2 blueprints I found, none of which I could use because I never found the initial unique weapon to start with.- You can travel to many different systems and planets, which is cool. But the gameplay in all of them is the same, and you don't give a rat's S to how you dig your tunnels, if you screw something up or whatever, because you'll never be coming back to the same planet. You can--and will--just move on to the next, grab what you need, forget about it and keep going...- You can bring colonists to your home. Or to your ship, which is easier. But they are useless. I finished the game without having a single one of them, and I have a strong feeling they don't do anything.- You can pokemon-capture monsters, and then use them as pets. But they are pretty useless and die easily. Ressurrecting them seems to be such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥that I didn't even bother trying.- About half the weapons you find have a delay before you can use them after putting them in your hand. I have no idea why, and it's annoying.- There are only 9 minerals to dig for. Three semi-useless (no good for items, just for crafting items required to craft other items) 3 for armor sets and useless weapons, then 3 which are always found together and serve to craft the nearly-identical-sets I mentioned before, and a last one for the upgrades to these sets and the (finally) 3 single decent weapons you can craft yourself in the game (other than blueprints you may find, but I'm not sure about their quality--I searched all dungeons I came across top to bottom, finished the game, and got no useful blueprint whatsoever.)- You gotta plant food and keep feeding yourself. Often. VERY often--which is quite vexing. Having a belly full gives you a slow regeneration to your HP (otherwise you have to use salves, bandages and the sort) for a minute or so. Then you gotta eat again. It's not really troublesome, because you can plant enough food to keep yourself fed for the rest of the game in half of one of your ship's rooms. But food you keep in your inventory eventually rots, so you gotta keep planting, watering the crops once in a while, ... it's just annoying.- The ""salves, bandages, etc."" I mentioned above are you emergency healing stuff. Aside from some salves at the beginning of the game, you'll never have to craft any more of any of this stuff ever again--you grab a lot from chests, more than enough.- You'll find several types of monsters. But really not THAT many, and some 95% of them act the exact same way--shoot you from afar, fly straight at you, or charge at you. The practical effect is pretty much the same of having 3 different monsters.- I'm sure there's something else but... that's all I can remember right now.So... Starbound is a copy of Terraria done by a large (or at least relatively large) team of people, and falls veeeery short of what Terraria--which was done by a single guy, if I'm not mistaken--is, or even of what it was before version 1.0. It's not bad, like I said at the start, but it's far from being anything special."
76561198059436888,Recommended,211820,24845352,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,juiceisgreat,"At  first look, it looks like Terraria. I'm kinda mixed about it after 9 hours. I didn't play the game in beta so I dont know whats been cut.During its first few hours, it was fun exploring the planets, building your main structures to make♥♥♥♥♥♥and all that but after exploring the planets and building all the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥you want, its pretty bland. The quest system involves you finding a planet with a certain race, then scanning♥♥♥♥♥♥in their settlement and going back to the old woman who manages the quest.Side quests are mainly fetch quests or go kill this guy.. No really rewarding sidequests with a expanded storyline. What I can say though is that its a lot better than other indie♥♥♥♥♥♥thats released these days, developers look like they put a lot of effort into it but at the end of the day, once you've tried every aspect of the game, it gets boring, quickly.If you like building♥♥♥♥♥♥ then I guess you'd enjoy this game. I'm the type of gamer that enjoys exploring rather than building♥♥♥♥♥♥to show off to everyone or my friends. Once you've explored a few planets and got the materials you need to buld new gear.. The game runs dry.I'll recommend it since my first few hours were very fun and exciting, after I got what I wanted from it, it got boring. I think more things could be added (Like a decent quest system like the first few missions before the old woman gives you the 'main' quest). It is a 1.0 release so who knows? Maybe theres more to come."
76561198200493243,Recommended,211820,31437238,Posted: 29 April,all,Texas_Style,A very good game
,Recommended,211820,24491987,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,PrivateLev,"Another successful early access game. I will say only few words. If you love exploring, grinding for loot and base building, you will love this game. It is simply amazing. I highly recommend it if you have a friend or two to play with. Cheers o/  (Also in-game music is simply mind blowing, who ever created the music did a tremendous job)"
76561198133494242,Not Recommended,211820,24592869,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Aluerik,"I have been following this game for about 2.5 years now, playing periodically as new updates came out. Now, 1.0 is out, and oh boy was I excited. Then I played the game. The story started out great, but then the gameplay set it. so many repetative motions. That is the crux of sandbox games like this, but, by golly, it was just too much.Many people complained about what was omitted from previous versions, and after reading some of the comments in forums I too recalled that many things were left out of 1.0 and that major changes were made. Some were good, like the combat system. Most were neutral or simply aesthetic.Sorely disappointed in how this game turned out. It is an addicting game, that I loved, but to progress in the story is just too tedious and that is one of the main reasons I play games - the story and how it is progressed through the gameplay."
76561198144279516,Not Recommended,211820,24837198,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,TheWillBeKing,very dissapointed with starbound the beta had mechs and was able to do a ton more and has randomized enemies its hard to say i do not recommend this game anymore to be honest i wont play it anymore and i will have to feel bad for wasteing 14 bucks cus the devs spit in our faces and removed all the stuff i enjoyed about this game
,Recommended,211820,24846718,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,deeravengertn,Its got more content than no mans sky
,Recommended,211820,28089131,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bubber Wub,"Its like No Mans Sky with Terarria gameplay.The music reminds Halo Jedi Councli 2: The MIddle East.Gameplay is very reminscent Gear of Doom V Dragons.This made me feel like I playing Shrek 2 the Video Game and Napoleon Dynamite the Video Game.When I opened game I feel like I was on Jeopardy, with Brad Hanks in Saving World War RyanI started playing and I was like ""Ooooh this make feel good""The ship made me feel like I powerful, like the Trump.People hate me.When I got my sword in the game, I screamed like a redneck at a gun show. ""woooowwwooooow""This game got me all the ladies. Hers my number 1-267-911-MEHARDNOWThe characters made me think, ""Hey, Wooow, I like social shutterfly, I the pops.""I always eat this while playing hots dog.Dead insideMe and all my incendiary friends play this on my parents Ipood. Like 22 hours a week, which is all them.The Dragon mod made me have the urge for a Hot Pocket. It was lovely.I watch National Treasure after playing this, and I the realize how beautiful the Cage was.My parents disowned me, but hey I still got me house in the game for when kick out since I lazy bum.I have to go now bloog, but Ill be back later to talk about favorite game, just waiting for when they release the Terraria mod for the.You're Truly-Wubber Bubb"
76561198127606765,Recommended,211820,35092495,Posted: 20 September,all,Hellession,"Starbound has many features as a sandbox/adventure/survival game.In order to clear small things up, I must say that Iwill ignorewhatever Starbound has been BEFORE its release.Developers of a game have all the right to change the game BEFORE they consider it ""released"". BUT if you just remake the entire game and change it fully AFTER it's released(ex. QuizUp, a mobile 1v1 trivia game, in late 2015 had a massive update fully changing itself, that many people started calling it ""Quiztagram"". Eventually it became an extremely sh*t game), then it's another story.It's fully okay if you've been a supporter or even a backer of this game before 1.0 and now think the game is very bad, your feelings and hopes for a game are always okay. It was CF's fault to make this game Early Access, for it only to not get released for.. like 4 years? Sadly, again, this review is only about the game since v1.0 - only because I bought this game myself in September of 2016(I did manage to play an old version of Starbound and yes, it's really different!).Anyways, Starbound is a 2D sandbox game, that also focuses on exploration and adventure. Many compare it to Terraria that has many worlds. It is true, but Terraria is extremely focused on progression at one place - settling down, expanding your one, only base(or many, but in the same world) to face larger threats of the home world.Starbound goes beyond that - there are quadrillions of possible planets you may explore. Each planet has a large variety of randomly generated content - treasure, terrain, dungeons, parallax(only for few biomes), subbiomes, monsters, etc.Yes, monsters you usually find on Starbound planets are likely randomly generated - picked up from random parts, assigned a special ability.Starbound also features space objects to explore with its quite new and recent system - mechs. After a bit of survival, eventually you'll reach the point of getting a mech. Then you have the option to explore random ships you may find or anomalies, objects that have purely random content and space monsters, which may contain a better mech blueprint part, for you to improve your mech.Starbound has 7 unique races you may play as, which all have a unique origin and behavior(which you can only mainly find out about through finding that race's dungeon): Apex, Avian, Human, Novakids, Hylotl, Floran and Glitch.There are also additional species you can't really play as, but find in the wilderness of some planets, such as Fenerox or Alpaca. However these additional species don't really have a remarkable story or culture to dig into much.There is a storyline that has been changing a lot through Starbound's development(which caused probably the big part of current disappointment in the game). I won't really spoil much, but the lore will cause you to constantly explore different planets and investigate.I can't say anything else positive about the lore, though. The story of this game has plotholes and wouldn't take too long to complete. Personally, the story doesn't really cause you to show your own creativity... This is a problem for me, because my Starbound gameplay usually lasts until I complete the lore and am like ""Okay! I guess I am done here! Bye!"". And then I leave Starbound for a few weeks or a month... Later for some reason I come back to meet its wonderful worlds again and play a new character. The cycle then repeats.On top of the features above, Starbound has many ""smaller"" features you can take time doing, such as reading its codices, complete collections, go on a fossil hunt, build a colony, maybe build a city..? You can also try going fishing. They don't really matter much, other than signal that the Starbound universe is your world - you can do whatever you desire. It's a sandbox overall anyways.Speaking of its sandbox features... I really like how its implemented in this game. It's easy to build structures and decorate them with the building system Starbound has.Finally, Starbound features the ability for you to mod the game or install others mods. There is a big modding community for Starbound and large content mods such as Frackin' Universe... and... the mod I am still trying to make..? Yes, I am modder myself and have almost a 1 year experience of modding in Starbound. Out of any other games that I heard have modding support, Starbound is the easiest game to mod. It requires you to just learn a very simple JSON language... which isn't even a programming language!.. It's a way to format a file and store information. More advanced stuff in modding require Lua in Starbound... but Lua is a very easy programming language to learn, so it's no trouble.I've been really positive about Starbound and I am not lying - this game is a good way to retreat from real life for a while and hop onto the universe, where you can build whatever you want without any limitations. Yes, it has very strong flaws, like its story for example, but despite that, I still stay positive about this game and would recommend it to others."
,Recommended,211820,24247564,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Roxas,Finally after what seemed like an eternity this game is coming out of early access which is great.It’s is a great game similar to Terraria but this game is more centered around exploration and enjoying the many strange things you will see while exploring the vast reaches of space. Each planet has its own theme and creatures. At times you will see the same creatures on many planets even though you wouldn't expect to see a land shark while exploring a wasteland or an ice planet.The tech system is good for giving you extra mobility and such to help with exploring the diverse planets and destroying the many randomly generated monsters that inhabit those planets you have come to destroy possibly.With 7 different races to play you can create you own backstory and character how you see fit. You can be a naked star being that has come to build a colony on some random molten wasteland if you want to do that.It is more expensive than Terraria but it is still probably better than most of the other similar types of games you will see on the store so whether it's worth the $15 is really up to what you want out of this type of game.
76561198093890403,Recommended,211820,24737099,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dr. Kerbal,"I bought this way back when the original boss of the tutorial missions was Dreadwing the Penguin. At the time, I got bored with the game and uninstalled it. However, I decided to get back into it while waiting for No Man's Sky, and I was astonished by how much the game had changed. The vast and nearly infinte universe, the interesting story arc, and the many playstyles that exist showcase the game's greatest strengths. Additionally, the ease of adding in modded content also enriches the base game. Also, the soundtrack of the game was quite something to behold, and stands second only to FTL in my opinion. Even though I may switch to No Man's Sky for my fix of Space Exploration, there is still a certain charm to Starbound that I feel will keep me playing it alongside NMS.EDIT: Well now after NMS released and sucked, I guess I will be playing this xD"
76561198014604398,Recommended,211820,24504248,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Bronze Ego,"I'm almost completely new to the game.  I played very beliefly (like 2-3 hours) a couple years ago and thought this was just a Terraria clone with a lot of potential to be more.  I saw that 1.0 was released and decided to give it a shot.The amount of progress and work that went into this game since I first played for a couple hours at a friends house years ago is staggering.   This is not a Terraria clone anymore; not by a longshot.  It seems to hold true to the genre in many ways, but has (what seems to be) a deep linear story that can/should be played before the endgame that I'm guessing will be much like Terraria, except with infinite procedurally generated worlds to explore and alter.  I would definitely recommend buying it, with the limited experience I have had so far, if you are a fan of Terraria or the genre in general.From reading the other reviews, I understand that a lot was sacrificed to get to 1.0.  If you are fresh to the game, you will not have the mixed emotions those that have been here from the beginning seem to have (they either love it or hate it, nothing in between).Also, I have not had any issues with latency as mentioned in some of the other reviews, but I have a pretty powerful computer with a couple 280x video cards in it, an AMD FX 8350 processor, and 36GB of DDR3 RAM (If you don't know what I just said, my computer is probably 100x more powerful than yours.  If you do, you're probably laughing at me ;) ).  Basically what I am saying is I don't have any issues, but if I did, the developer would have some pretty serious problems on their hands.Anyway, I can see myself putting an insane amount of time into this game and am hoping it will continue to be as enjoyable as it has been since I got it.  I've been playing for 8 hours straight.  For most gamers, this probably doesn't seem like much, but it is a monumental achievement for a game to grasp my attention like that these days."
,Not Recommended,211820,12186277,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,`dfaktz STRANGERTHINGSEASON2SOON,"The game is Early Access, though in this case; That also means there has been hardly any promised updates since release.If you do want to play this game, I would wait until its 'finished' according to the devs or else you're paying for a whole lot of promises instead of actual features."
76561198132902193,Not Recommended,211820,24562039,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,You'll float too,Waste of a hour.
,Recommended,211820,34408303,Posted: 21 August,all,Ribs,"Brought Starbound 4 pack, arguably one of the best purchases i've ever had.While the story and the character development is nothing to write home about (since it felt kinda forced), the base building aspect is what kept me coming back from this game, i'm not the type to spend countless hours into building virtual bases but with this game i've built various things, from a skyscrapper repurposed from an Apex Installation to a space station complete with bunk beds, security stations, power core and a command center.As much as i like the game, there's still some things needed to be addressed: It lacks contents. Game feels rather bland, boss fights are nothing special, randomly generated biomes and dungeons gets boring after a while and the lack of character specialization is just underwelming, races are just reskins of humans.tl;dr game is like discount no man's sky but is infinitely better.And there's also workshop mods so Terraria can suck a big one."
,Recommended,211820,30777634,Posted: 27 March,all,Starbound_Felin,"Awesome! I really enjoy the combat, and building a colony is super easy! 10/10!"
,Recommended,211820,17560810,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Quaide,"Yeah this game gets a lot of flak for being ""Early Access"", which it is. However it has basically no bugs and plenty of content. Even though it still says Early Access, it's a fun game and well look at the play time on the negative reviews. You can't argue that they didn't get their money's worth. I know I did."
76561198051081356,Recommended,211820,15698217,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Dearthvader,Drowned as a fish 10/10
76561198276394862,Recommended,211820,22868771,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,LokitheMaster,it is very fun it is like terraria in space!
,Not Recommended,211820,11825486,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,toxxi,"All the majesty of space, all the grandeur and splendour of the cosmos, reduced to minecraft. Ya freakin geeks."
76561198000925931,Recommended,211820,22878052,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Six,"Another one of those visually charming games that is engaging and addictive, yet doesn't hold any pressure to keep playing every single day like many MMO-type games these days. Anyone who enjoys games such as Minecraft or Terraria will love this one even more for its unique visuals and its interesting, ever-changing worlds and environments."
,Recommended,211820,24506748,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Velka,"Starbound got an update, everyone panicStarbound is infamous for staying docile for a long, long time, but with the 1.0 update bringing promising content, I think it's a solid time to renew our reviews, and cover Starbound at its current state. Keep in mind this is covering content up to major content update 1.0.GameplayGameplay has you moving across the galaxy in your little ship, exploring new planets with a variety of strange creatures and flora to discover. Starbound's impressive and large starmap allows players to find all kinds of randomly-generated planets which they can explore to the fullest extent. Jumping on to the planets, players find themselves in a side scrolling game, mixing in the qualities of adventure as you find NPCs and ancient dungeons, and throwing in the aspects of mining and resource gathering from the undergrounds. The amount of content is fairly massive, with NPCs giving you side quests, to much more large scale platformer-esque dungeons that you navigate through for loot. You feel rewarded for exploring, and you find yourself getting lost in the vast expanses of the galaxy, something that I personally, absolutely love. New weapons, gear, and ores are given at a steady pace and you never feel like you're underequipped unless you deliberately rush the game, something you really shouldn't do. This is what Starbound excels at doing. Giving the player a great experience with exploration.Unfortunately, Starbound suffers from floaty, almost slippery controls that make you wanna jam your keyboard into your ear. It's very difficult to manuever on particularly precise platforms and you'll find yourself taking fall damage a lot. There are upgrades for your character that are somewhat early-game that allow you to double jump and nulify the awfulness of the controls but even then, it hurts to do anything with accuracy.Building and combat are both very hit-or-miss things. Combat is interesting, I suppose, with the multitude of weaponry that you'll be able to find, but can get boring unless you're fighting one of few bosses that are strewn out your quest line. Similarly, building can be a lot of fun with how many blocks and furniture items you can find, but do require you to find those items first, something that requires a lot of searching since certain planets with certain conditions house certain dungeons with certain items.Overall, the gameplay is more then palpable, but does require a lot of getting used to and are finicky.ProgressionI should probably cover progression in this game since, for a sandbox game, a quest line of any kind seems like some kind of disgusting heresy. The progression in this game comes in the form of quests that you can do at any time. You're not really forced to do any of the story line quests, since they don't really lock out anything in particular, but they are encouraged. The quests themselves are fairly linear (no block breaking, almost purely combat and NPC chatting), which might displease some of the more open-minded players. It's certainly not bad, but a bit strangely designed.GraphicsMost definitely a beautiful game. From the stellar treetops of a jungle planet to the vast beauty of the ocean seafloor, Starbound is able to deliver you an excellently sprited game experience that features color and variety. It's honestly what makes the Starbound experience so wonderful.Performance...Unfortunately those beautiful graphics also lead into the performance issues that seem to plague players. I can, personally, run this game at a solid 60 FPS at all times, but many of the less fortunate players find themselves getting lag spikes and painful framerate drops. This isn't helped by the less then stellar options menu which doesn't really help you much on keeping the performance issues down. Be wary of this, it can be unplayable due to the lack of optimization.PotentialThis is something that is almost necessary to speak out on for an Early Access game, especially one like Starbound. I love Starbound's atmosphere and concept, and the developers are certainly working with that to make a wonderful game. However, the gameplay mechanics themselves are less then stellar. With that being said, the game is still a lot of fun. I see a lot of potential in it, not from just the developers, but from the game's heart itself. If the devs continue working on it as they've been doing, it might just have a chance of really becoming something special.OverallAt it's current state and price, Starbound is worth it. It's a fun adventure game that combines the magic of discovering something new, with the enjoyment of progressing through a variety of worlds with unique weapons and items. Build, kill, do whatever. The galaxy is yours in Starbound. Buy it, preferably with friends (It even has the four pack option!).Hope to see more players bound for the stars.See you space cowboy.EDIT1: Fixed an obvious contradiction."
,Not Recommended,211820,24587019,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,deornt,"to your left, lore labeled ""outdated"" lined up against a wall with guns pointed at themto your right, fans applauding every decision Chucklefish makesstraight ahead, you see nothing--what you hear can only be described as laughter and the counting of money"
,Recommended,211820,22114727,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Shrimp Spy,This game is cool.It's about space.They need space beefalo.#Iwantmorebeefalo
,Not Recommended,211820,24586278,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,z3roram,Not at all what I thought it would be in 1.0
76561198150500551,Not Recommended,211820,35384939,Posted: 1 October,all,Cyber Von Cyberus,"Starbound a game that is as large as an ocean yet as shallow as a puddle.Starbound is a 2D sandbox exploration game in which you... well do stuff like exploring, digging and building I guess...Allright enough of this description let's just speak about the diffrent aspects of this game.Gameplay:Honestly this is one of the biggest problem of this game, there are many things you can do, yet everything is so shallow.You could explore, but once you've seen the dozen of biomes and palnets you've seen it all.You could work as a bounty hunter, yet the quests given to you  by villagers are always the same boring crap.You could build a colony with tenants in them, but the NPCs always say the same one sentence making them boring.You could try to make the best mech, but the mechs in this game are so impractical you won't use them most of the time.You could try to play through the story missions, but they are just a sequence of going to scan random objects then doing a small jog in a dungeon with a stupidly easy boss at the end.In the end there are a lot of features in this game yet they are jsut way too simple and boring, and the worst part is even though this game has a workshop too many mechanics are hardcoded into the game making it impossible to make truly unique mods.Graphics:Pixel art, it's allright/10 I don't usually care too much about graphics anyways.Musics:Good, there are a few musics in the game that are very enjoyable to hear, too bad they sometimes are on planets which you never go toMultiplayer:The muliplayer system is really awkard to use, there is no server browser and you can't create your own server without 3rd party programsModding:There is no proper editing programm to make your mods and way too many mechanics are hardcodded into the game making it impossible to modify them.Story:very bad. A tentacle monster (I'm not joking) destroys earth, a psycho lady makes a cult about it and you save the universe JUST BY YOURSELF WITH NO HELP FROM ANYONE because you are a protagonist then a you die because your ship's AI doesn't want to beam you out of an exploding planet then god revives you because you are a good guy.Conclusion:I really wanted to give this game a chance but it's just too bare bones, the devs add new features yet never stop to improve them leaving us with stale mechanics that can't be modded due to engine limitations or hardcodding, this game has a lot of potential but again it' just too shallow. I'm not saying you can't have fun, but you will get bored very fast.Like someone once said, seeing someone with hundreds of hours leave a negative review is like watching the aftermath of a bad breakup.Only buy this game on sale."
,Not Recommended,211820,16878169,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Chairman Dong,This game is why i will never get an early access game ever again
,Recommended,211820,13974480,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Hardmodebot,"Here's a short review regarding current gameplay (+unstable build).If you've played Terraria, this game will rock your socks. Don't be underwhelmed by the current state of the story (Which is actually becoming quite good), as a lot of RPGesque elements are still being developed and integrated to flesh out the game beyond it's current sandbox feel. Despite this, keep in mind that it is still in development, and will be for a little while longer. At the moment, building planetside is a bit underdeveloped, and almost unneccesary, but Chucklefish has expressed that plans are set to flesh out the adventure mode fully, then implementing a more base-building emphasis with thier next big updates.On the even brighter side, this game is fantastic for multiplayer. Exploring the vast cosmos and building your own structures to strip mine, fashion armaments, and construct outstanding structures makes this game a gem on it's own.I know I've fan-boi'd quite a bit, but really this game is on a solid path towards becoming a Steam platinum hit in my book."
76561198118216096,Recommended,211820,18592492,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Nrc0611,Starbound is basically The Better version of Terraria. I think its quiet good and adds more to a terraria like game.
,Not Recommended,211820,10249139,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Hastule,They took the money and now they're running. This game is perma-alpha.
,Not Recommended,211820,31152122,Posted: 15 April,all,Rah'Nak,"I wanted to love this game the way I love Terraria ever since I saw it in early access. Finally bought it and while the game itself seems good from the little I've played, it's plagued by horrible performance issues. The constant frame drops and stutters completely ruin the experience.Can't recommend anyone buy this game until they fix this."
76561198306308984,Recommended,211820,23490277,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,ninja_nate19,EpIc
76561198352644245,Not Recommended,211820,35187414,Posted: 24 September,all,lilbunnis,"Starbound seemed pretty cool when I first bought it. I wanted it just to be like Terraria in terms of freedom and exploration, however, after a few hours of gameplay, I didn't like it.I found the story quest thing not very innovative and enjoyable. Starbound just... lacked the freedom and beauty of Terraria. I hated the ugly spaceship, and the fact that every time I died, I dropped all of my items and had to go all the way down to get them. One time I ended losing my items completely in the endgame lava.So no - if you want to get another version of Terraria, this is not the one. The music isn't that memorable and I just didn't find it heartwarming :(PS I would recommend Stardew Valley for a relaxing social virtual world :)"
76561198043446747,Recommended,211820,21277531,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Gråsäl,"it's pretty ironic that people are complaining about the game never being finished, when in fact this is one of the few early-access games whose devs are actually working hard. updates don't ""NEVER"" come out, updates are released WHEN THEY'RE STABLE, and if you're eager to test all the new stuff, there's the unstable mode, that is updated more often, and the nightly build mode, which is updated pretty much all the time while being the least stable. starbound has come a long way since 2014, and according to me, it's changed for the better. i started playing this when the old hunger system was still intact, which was a while back. and i haven't been disappointed, because this game isn't inactive. they're putting the hunger system back in the next update, among other things. this game is worth the 14€."
,Not Recommended,211820,32112810,Posted: 1 June,all,Imp,"It was good before the story update. Before the update, the game got a lot more difficult the further away in the galaxy you got. After the update, the story led you to way too good items too early, and the difficulty stops scaling REALLY early.I can't reccomend the game until they increase the difficulty scaling and cap."
76561198083838209,Not Recommended,211820,17046562,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,PICKLE RIIIIICK,really hard to understand. doesnt give you any cleu whatsoever on what the purpose of the game actually is.i recemond terraria way more then this sry guys
76561198111661946,Recommended,211820,10330528,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Enzo,"Starbound is a great game that is all about adventure and exploration. Despite it being in Beta at the time of this, it does have many things to do and explore, so don't let that make you discouraged to buy it."
,Recommended,211820,24536401,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Rick Sanchez [D-99],"From my perspective, its a great game because there is no limits when it comes to this game, everything is possible tbut the gameplay is one of the best ive seen because ive spent 33 hours in it doing alot of things wich is doing missions, defeatng bosses,wasting 1 week of holidays trying to find the full set of hasmat armour with no internet and just making a civilisation and being silly with turrets.I also enjoyed the fact that you can do whatever once you have defeated the first boss (well,almsot anything)i mostly spent time looking for crap literaly feces at a desert home and then placing it anywere i wantedThe thing that i enjoyed most about this is that the bosses that they have a really cool.PROS:1.good gameplay2.good missions3.good weapons4.good NPC scripting5.great ways to start colonies6.funny misc items7.good building tools8.good fpsCONS1.eithier its hard or im just a complete idiot i cant seem to join a server (i think im just to stupid to realise)NOTE:Dont make the mistake i did if ur on holidays and your reading this, dont waste time finding something on a game just go outside and do whatever. dont be a holiday waster like me. coz i can tell you now, i ruined my holidays due to playing games. go outside and socialise. NOT on a phone lelANOTHER note:lel 10/10 would find poop and put it on a house again."
76561198030901086,Recommended,211820,10413394,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Jabajabajebejebe,Hid in a house all night from a bird that had eight eyes and vomitted out blood.
,Recommended,211820,25855167,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Logicbomb,"Great game with lots of fun to be had. If you enjoy building and exploring with some decent boss fights thrown in, I would jump on this without question."
,Recommended,211820,28358048,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,🌸shawty🌸,made me hard lol
,Not Recommended,211820,24579332,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Jedzenie,"Horrible game, stay far, far away.THE WORST handling of early access ever, and an embarrassing ""finished"" product. I am a day one purchaser.No direction from management, no skill at the development level, and in the end a lifecycle that's been dragged out forever. Now the team has desperately slashed and burned features to release a garbage 1.0 product, after pushing back ""final release for sure"" for 2-3 years. Core mechanics are fundamentally different, and the team STILL doesn't know what they want the game to be.Skeezy company run by a skeezy owner. Complete waste of money to buy...although I guess it's not as bad as the $5+ million♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥away by Tiy as he flailed around building new offices and failing to hire competent people.With the 1.0 label slapped on their empty shell of a game you really notice that barely half the features promised during their messy, convoluted release process actually work. Don't be fooled by screenshots, that's how the team raised a lot of their money was non-functioning placeholders and smoke and mirrors to make players believe this game would be good. Instead you're slowly running around the same dull biomes and fighting the same few enemies, before quitting and playing the numerous better clones of Terraria.Heck the game doesn't even launch for half the community, classic testing and low quality development. And the devs haven't even responded or handled the issue, because you can clearly tell they're burned out and equally unhappy with their awful game.You can expect maybe half a dozen patches and then this game will be abandoned, because it's terrible and the devs clearly don't care or have any passion left for it. I'm probably more passionately MAD about how bad this game is. As part of the botched 1.0 release the devs added Workshop mod support because they clearly expect the community to fix this disaster.Hopefully everyone remembers the Starbound debacle well and avoids any future projects after Tiy and these devs jump ship.Amazingly enough the game was so broken and mis-representing with false advertising that I was able to get a refund from Steam, so I never have to grimace or cringe through Starbound again."
,Recommended,211820,13976722,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Lalup,"Starbounds HistoryStarbound is a game that is hated and loved by its community. At the moment the Devs are very active towards posting stuff on their starbound website. I fully understand people’s frustration with the Dev’s (Chucklefish) and how they shaped the game. The game has gone through many updates that remove core mechanics and add new mechanics, altogether the where slowing down their goal to finish the game by changing what they had already built and not focusing on what to do next with the players experience.“They were just fixing stuff that did not need fixing”At the start of starbounds early access release I bought four copies for my mates so that we could all play on my local server. We had tones of fun exploiting bosses and endlessly reading throughout the wiki for answers. We finished the game when we hit the max rank tier. From there I played again, I started experimenting on how long the game was if you only cared about getting the highest tier armour set. But the game had exciting news “Nightly build”I knew that the nightly build would delete my character so I saved him. But when I entered the nightly/unstable build I saw what the Dev’s opinions were on their old stable build. They wanted to remake the tiers, they wanted to remake how you got through the game by adding quests, and overall they were controlling how you levelled through the game and scraping their old work which increased development time.- But they added a huge improvement to the rest of the game (weather, weapons etc).Starbound now has a better story and realism to what your character is doing but you don’t get the feeling of playing like you used in the old build.The game itselfStarbound starts off with you choosing your character. After you have chosen you character and spent ten minutes customizing him/her to be perfect. You end up in your ship which is broken and ruined, you are then forced to go to the planet below and mine resources to fix your ship. You continue through the story crafting tiers of crafting tables to get the “next best thing” and completing quests. Throughout your adventure you will kill unique bosses and listen to startbounds Fantastic soundtrack!ConclusionI would suggest you to look at the games state (Current build and community) and think, is this game for me?-	Do I like adventure through space and finding better weapons and resources?-	Do I like following quests and helping NPCS be lazy-	Do I like pimping my house so I can show off to my friends.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4Sz2zr3pZEoThis video is about the recent winter unstable update."
76561198200115717,Recommended,211820,23175395,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Greatness...,"Although it may on first glance seem like a terraria rip-off Starbound is not a game to pass up. Here are some pros and cons on why this game is awesomePROS:~ AMAZING MUSIC most of the tracks are incredible~ lots of adventure to go around with a seemingly limitless galaxy and planets with tons of biomes, villages, and dungeons~ Tons of customization, you can decorate everyhing from your space-ship, to your character, to the colonies you can build,  anything you have you can customize with the countless numbers of weapons and items~ You can do anything! You could become a farmer, an intergalactic landlord, a destroyer of villages, you can even create the galaxy's largest drum collection!~ Cool art style~ Lots of quests and a good number of bosses~ MultiplayerCONS:~ VERY slow start in the beginning you are forced to dig to a planet's core to unlock planet to planet travel which takes at least an hour or two, then do several quests until you get to a boss allowing galaxy to galaxy travel with your FTL drive BUT before you do that you need a level 3 matter manipulator (your pickaxe equivalent) to collect the fuel needed for your FTL drive~ Gets grindy at the end~ laggy in NPC heavy areas if on a weaker computer"
,Recommended,211820,23675145,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,DarkDork,"It's a wonderful game with caring developers, a must have for anyone who knows what genre they're getting into.Great work guys! Hope you keep updating after 1.0."
76561197972232265,Not Recommended,211820,12860865,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Smike,man this game hasnet got any updates its been so many months. think the devs ♥♥♥♥ed off with the money and just left the game. dont waste your money on this junk......buy something better.nothing new has been added..........
,Not Recommended,211820,28304443,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DNA,The gameplay is amusing as are many other aspects of the game but the story is just way too short for it to be enjoyable.
,Recommended,211820,23559827,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Enderborn1301,"I love the game. I just started, but (from the wiki i have seen) I know it will be a great game,from stuck on a planet, to exploring space. There is one thing i request, however. A creative mode. I have been trying so hard to find core parts, but i can't. i just want a creative where you can spawn things in, mine faster, and have infinite health. It would be nice. Other words, a great game. Keep up the good work!"
76561198080203092,Not Recommended,211820,31045106,Posted: 9 April,all,Didier,"Linear story that after the first mission gets extremely repetitive, bosses aren't fun to fight, all side quests are tedious and boring, and after each update since it was released it just seemed to bet getting worse and worse.Had a lot of potential but sadly, as I said before, after every update it just got worse and worse."
,Not Recommended,211820,28090088,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,pikg!,"Starbound is an inventory and user interface disaster - it is not intuitive and there are too many steps to do the most simple action - to do basically ANY action. The various numbered left and right click options cannot properly be assigned to different actions which essentially gives the user only 6 slots to work with - so there is a ton of assigning and reassigning of each item you want to use. Also, in what I believe are game breaking bugs, certain actions won't work at all (or perhaps simply lack an explaination of why they can't be used - just as bad). As a veteran of Terraria - with many enjoyable hours played. This later and somewhat similar game is stunningly and unexpectedly difficult for the player to use. Somehow Terraria managed to allow the user to access just as many items - and use them in very similar ways - without any problem or excessive agony. Also the ""e"" button to initiate an action is utterly extraneous and puzzling. It is certainly NOT user friendly. I think that well implimented and intuitive mouse interactions, along with less keyboard commands, would greatly improve usability. The devs could learn a lot from Terraria, a game that not only works properly, but is also user friendly with reasonable and uncomplicated controls. Obviously, I didn't expect Starbound to be exactly like Terraria, hopefully that goes without saying. I also understand that every game takes some getting use to. But this is - in it's current state - a broken, sad, and clunky mess. I'm extremely disappointed and intend to request a refund. Hopefully the devs will fix it. It seems somewhat promising and certainly some people seem to like it. These people are extraordinarily patient and longsuffering. I greatly admire them."
76561198171699347,Not Recommended,211820,30665198,Posted: 22 March,all,Yomas,"I used to like this game, it was a great game. I was there for a while, watching the new updates come in before the full release, and for a while, I really enjoyed the game without the story. I loved the soundtrack, and I enjoyed colonising planets, building star bases, going up against my friends for a competition on who can get the best stuff first, and more.However, when the game was fully released, I did not feel like this was not the Starbound I once knew. I felt like the story was far too narrow and generic. I did not feel immersed in the gameplay as much as I did with games like Oneshot and Terraria. The former having a good story and the latter allowing you to do whatever you wanted. With Starbound however, you always had to go around and scan things in order to progress, which got very boring and tedious over time. You do not see any villian so anything significant, and everything about the story seemed very forced. For me, one of the many parts of this seemingly rushed story was the human artifact in the master manipulator. Esther just seems to pull it out of nowhere without it even being hinted about in the entire story, making the player know nothing about it until the end of the game. Literally nothing. She just pulls the master manipulator out which conveniently happens to be the human artifact. I hated that.I did not feel like it introduced enough newer content, such as having tiers beyond that of Aegisalt, Violium and Ferozium. I hoped that there were going to be a bunch new bosses, but there were only a minority of new bosses introduced, those being 'The Ruin', 'Big Ape' and 'Kluex Avatar'. The rest of the bosses were recycled. All these bosses share somethings in common, they are not challenging, and they are no threat in the entire story. Where is everything during the story? All of the bosses sort of just show up, without very much backstory to them. They just show up and die by the players hand.When I play a game, I expect to be immersed in the story or being able to shape my own story, not having some bland, narrow story. I expect to feel emotion, and I expect a large amount of content if it does not do that. With Starbound, my friends and I were able to rush through the game very quickly. We could beat it in about 5-7 hours each playthrough. For people like me who spend large portions of their time to gaming, this is simply not enough.I do not feel like that this is a game I would recommend to a friend who just got Steam, nor would I consider it a good game in general. I would put it around the 'Ok' mark. If you like the game, then thats fine. You have the right to disagree. However, my opinion will stand. There is one thing that most of us can agree on though:It's better than No Mans Sky."
76561198073321878,Recommended,211820,26726918,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Clebberlang,"Awesome game, so much exploration, customisation and combat. Quite possibly one the greatest games ever made."
76561198033721398,Not Recommended,211820,24512973,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,☢ Albert Wesker ☣,i cant even play the game now great release nice job WOOHOO
76561198013090083,Not Recommended,211820,35068072,Posted: 19 September,all,Not Flaccid,"Haven't really played since before 1.0 so I thought I would give it another play through.Initial thoughts are how it's progressed but also how things are missing as well like all the procedural monsters and weapons.The mini biomes that repeat and crop up a lot, most of which are lifeless and don't get me started on the lava and water worlds. Everything seems so dumbed down now and the story line is held back by the ""scanning"" you have to do to unlock the next tier.By far a long way off from the Dev's previous views of progressing through the game however you want to.After 22ish hours it's less fun with more time-sinks than previous iterations and I probably wouldn't recommend it in its current state unless you can easily roll it back a good few versions."
,Not Recommended,211820,14216229,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,JudgeDredd[RH],"Waste of early access potential, was just a money grab for this company. I'm avoiding their other games going forward as this way too long of an early access title is just bad customer experience and kills the program in general. I will now wait for launch titles only and after reviews."
,Not Recommended,211820,16903431,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,deawna,"Imagine someone offers to build you a home and decorate it for 15 dollars promising it being done in 2013. You get all the pictures of what it should look like and it looks great and you're very excited. As soon as your home is liveable you move in expecting it to be done in a few months. And then they spend a biiiit longer than intended working on your home but you're okay with it because it still looks really nice so far and you have faith in the project.So far the house is looking great and you're in love with it. You make a lot of good memories in it and you're so excited, and then one day you wake up and find that theyve taken all the things you actually enjoyed about the home so far and incinerated them and it doesn't exist anymore so they could replace it with something better and all you can ask yourself is why did they even put the first stuff in to begin with. You feel betrayal and loss like you never have before.But then, you paid 15 dollars for this, it was your choice and now you have to live with it. So you try to adjust to all the new things and get your money's worth from it but you can't. You try to sit on the new couch and it isn't comfortable no matter what you do. Your old couch was ALWAYS comfortable no matter what, but now it's gone forever and this is what you get.And despite all this, the house STILL isn't finished yet.11/10 for best disappointment simulator of all time"
76561198255162453,Recommended,211820,18593757,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Ancalagon,"I literally just started, and so I wanted to give my first impression.I've played a lot of Minecraft, and it does have some similarities, which I enjoyed. So far I really like the resource-gathering and mob-fighting. It's fairly easy to start out. I have died several times, but I attribute that to my slow reflexes rather than the game.I like the two-dimensional aspect. A lot. The questing is probably my favorite feature so far. Fulfilling a quest fills me with such a sense of accomplishment, I just take a moment to breathe. . . because a moment later, another accomplishment pops up. There's always a goal to strive for. So far, it's invigorating because the goals are pretty darn easy. I assume they'll get harder, and I look forward to it.Tl;dr This game was pretty epic when I started. I haven't been much into space-themed games, but exploring different worlds caught my attention. I'd highly recommend this to anyone, especially if they've played Minecraft before."
,Not Recommended,211820,16644317,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,Lazy Devs.
,Not Recommended,211820,13166568,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,mondozappa,another early access scam
,Not Recommended,211820,34758021,Posted: 5 September,all,Dielf,"So many good ideas poorly executed. If you have a real itch for an exploration and resource gatherer I guess you can try this but only if you're desperate.The art is a big negative for me in both style and execution. Style is subjective but it looks really childish, but it's more than that. Hitboxes simply don't match up with your character which makes judging jumps and moving around in general feel bad.The combat is rather clunky but it's not awful, not nearly as fun as Terraria. I think it was a poor decision to not counts clicks on terrain as weapon uses, to explain, if you are in a tunnel and click too high you won't use whatever is in your  hands. This makes combat an act in frustration.I found the spece travel UI to be un-intuitive and frustrating, it's functional but, again, it feels off. If there is a point to building structures I haven't found one, if you want to build things in a 2D environment Terraria blows Starbound out of the water, not even close.The progression is a highlight for me and I wish the gameplay was compelling enough to keep me engaged. It's pretty basic, gather this resource tier until you advance to the next tier and complete that and so on and so on. What I liked about the progression is the missions. In games like Terraria and Minecraft I can find myself bored once I run out of higher level resources to pursue and the building is considerably worse than the Terraria or Minecraft.All of the hours I've put into the game were spent trying to force myself to like it. If I'm bored with all my other games I'll install this and try it again but I never get very far. It sucks because in theory I should really like this game but, as I've said before in this review, it just feels bad to play.EDIT: At one point in an early build there was a launcher that counted as the game being played if it was up, that's why I have such a high amount of hours in the game. Writing this review I assumed I had MAYBE 20 hours of attempts, but 215 is mostly from idling on the launcher with the game closed."
,Recommended,211820,8677855,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Tatsur0,The game is fantastic looking with quite a bit of depth and an incredible amount of potential. I love what I see right now and expect greater things!
,Not Recommended,211820,17093469,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Disa,"So I put a lot of time into this, but in the end I don't feel the game is as good as I once thought. Keep in mind I will be drawing comparisons to Terraria.For one thing I realized that Less is More, in Starbound you have a crazy amount of planets to explore that all literally look and feel exactly the same. Terraria had a randomly generated world which was big, but not infinitely big. Honestly if anything this game proves a flaw with the procedurally generated structure games. That sure, you'll get a large number of places, but it will generate samey structures, samey biomes, and samey enemies. Sadly this game does have a crazy amount of potential, it could literally be a terraria killer but it won't at this stage and I don't see it being one any time later.The best thing they could have done with starbound is limit it to around 4-6 Fixed planets to explore, that way the devs can put there love of their game in each planet rather than having it just generate itself which makes the game feel souless."
76561197971331535,Not Recommended,211820,24750029,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,gcmorrison,"Released verson still does not Released version still does not dependably support full screen.Boss monster quest system still seems like an afterthought, tacked on and detracts from the explore and build vibe the pre-release version had. Another Steam Greenlight game that became worse as development progressed."
76561198110146617,Not Recommended,211820,17309448,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,McSwerve,"Uuuuuugh, it's just....just SO BORING! Couldn't even get past the first few missions, takes too long to do anything. Just, just don't get this game."
,Recommended,211820,23896065,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Aerenwe,This game has come a long way and i'm super glad the developer's are very active in updates definitely an awesome game.
76561198085596256,Recommended,211820,8778915,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Walduric,Much likeSo spaceVery varietyWowThumbs up
,Not Recommended,211820,17109921,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,QuinaEats,"Terraria in space.. Err.. I mean Starbound is a game that will never reach its full potential. They will never finish this game, and it will eventually become un supported vapor ware. It is in the same state it has been in since 2013 minus a few cosmetic changes. Even though it got good reviews when it came out, if anyone came back to this to review the changes, they would not recommend based on the lack of support and content. Another Early Access failure."
76561198042355572,Not Recommended,211820,16368605,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Levi!,"Would i recommend this game? Right now no because, I was given terraria for free from a friend. After enjoying Terraria i thought that i would happily spend 10 dollars, get frequent updates and new content. Sadly not as many patches as i would like. So as of now i do not recommend this game."
,Recommended,211820,13004427,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,CapitalistNick,"This game is just amazing!Starbound is about a game of exploring, crafting, and survival.  When I first bought Starbound one year ago I fell in love with it right away.  Starbound is great awesome graphics style, astonishing soundtrack, and just great gameplay.  If the game did not have the soundtrack it would still be fun but not the full expirence.  I recently started playing this game and I got addicted again!! Mechanics in this game are nice and easy, and the Optimization is good.  Now to the gameplay stuff.  Starbound has infinite number random generated planets you can go to,  thats a huge plus to the game.  There is 7 playable species, including...ApexAvianFloranGlitchHumanHylotlNovakidThere is also NPS races and people ranges from bandits to traders to guilds and towns.Over all this game is 10/10 for me that's just my opinon!Questions ask below.Thanks for reading-Shawn Spencer."
,Not Recommended,211820,31349297,Posted: 24 April,all,Jhon_Dafish,"Before we begin, I'm going to say that Starbound IS NOT a bad game. My review is not negative on the grounds that I hate it, I actually used to find it incredibly enjoyable and it sometimes still is in the rare occasions that I play it. BUT... This game changes too frequently for me to keep up with or even bother trying to learn the new mechanics.I've been playing Starbound since it was brought to my attention via the Yogscast when they played it back in December 2013. I loved every minute that I spent exploring and crafting and mining. Hell I even loved when a giant meteor smashed into my base and destroyed 90% of it. It was new and it was awsome.Then with Starbound-Create a new character and get into the game immediatelyUse coal to power your ship and fly between planets freelyTiers of pickaxes similar to Minecraft will different durabilities and mining speedsComplete freedom. Do whatever you want anywhere.Cave systems full of loot chests and gearStructures and villages full of NPCsFast forward about 3 years later and 1.0 finally launches. It was my first time back playing it since my laptop died in 2014. So many new features were added in the mean time and hell yeah that sounded fantastic. Then I loaded up the game. It started with an unskippable story for my race (#GlitchForLife) Which wasn't so bad at first to be honest, but it's there everytime you make a new character. I was locked out of the cockpit for my ship, the ship now had an AI unit, and now there were quest objectives on the surface of my planet. In theory it sounds like a great game. That is where it started to lose me. The core gameplay was almost entirely different and I was faced with the choice of story narrative or sandbox.Starbound now-Story narrative, different intro depending on your raceForced questlinesDungeons and bossesMore gearIf you're a newcomer to the series then PLEASE give it a chance. I was forced to forget everything that I had learned in the time that I had been playing and that pretty much killed the game for me."
,Recommended,211820,22869652,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,KaShoot,I have been playing this game for the best part of a day with 2 friends and it has been so fun this is a must buy 10/10
,Not Recommended,211820,14061433,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Capsa,Chuckefish lacks the skills necessary to develop games.
76561198036315001,Not Recommended,211820,17578882,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Crispin Glover,released dec 2013 and still early access.
,Not Recommended,211820,14201456,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,M A W I L E,"This game is in early access, so I don't know if this review will always apply, but at the moment it's quite disappointing. I acknowledge that this game is not finished, but the rate of updates has been abysmal with little to no improvements to performance. In my experience, this game stuggles even on decent computers, even more so in multiplayer with the framerate frequently plummetting below 10 and appearing consistently to be in slow motion. I tried to power through it despite the performance issues, but the objectives of advancing from one system to another by collecting resources and occasionally fighting a boss was boring to me, though I did often enjoy exploring some of the ""dungeon"" environments that spawn naturally on some worlds. You can build stuff, but there is no point as you can teleport to the safety of your ship at almost any time.This game has the potential to be good, but right now is lacking. You've heard it over and over, but the fact of the matter is that this game is pretty disappointing so far. I'd like to see some better objectives, improved performance, and more frequent updates among many other things so that this game can ascend to something beyond mediocre."
76561198027924979,Recommended,211820,22222234,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Tairizo,Id have to recommend this. Devs have communicated non stop with community gotten input and implented it. Was it a long early access but worth it. I only have one beef with it and I think its my computer not the game. This is one of the few early access games I still support or are happy with.9/10
,Recommended,211820,29407796,Posted: 21 January,all,fox,Best game ever.
,Recommended,211820,12954028,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,SpeedClaw,"Overall, Satarbound is a fabulous game. From the amazing features, such as randomly generated creatures and villages, to the constant flow of updates, there is something for everyone. It's almost an RPG, but at the same time it's a sandbox-exploration game. If you want to explore the universe, explore the universe, if you want to build a giant castle, build a giant castle. You can do literally anything. My rating 9 of 10. It's one of the best sandbox-exploration games out there, but there are still a few glitches, as you should expect from an early access game. Starbound is one of my favorite games and I hope to see many more stars in the future."
,Not Recommended,211820,31599374,Posted: 7 May,all,Weiss Schnee,"If you are a fan of the 2D, side-scrolling adventure games, Starbound does provide a slight sense of space voyage with a hint of base building. The main story is overall lackluster, and the planets tend to get very repetitive. The main thing it does provide is mod support for some serious decoration for spaceship and homeworlds alike. I will not say Starbound is a bad game, a lot of potential is there, but it is a bad purchase for the current state of the game."
76561198073327531,Recommended,211820,13055280,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,El_Tatta,Fun to Co-op
,Recommended,211820,19657057,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,TGC | Dr.Phazon,"So it's still not Terraria.  HOWEVER, I truly believe Chucklefish has made this game into something more than what people consider a Terraria ripoff. It's now it's own game, and  has become a damn good one at that.Thanks for coming through Chucklefish, we knew you would <3"
,Recommended,211820,16485270,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,N4liSt3,"For the lovers of Adventures, Action and Sandbox , this is your Game , i love the Races system and the idea of adding History to the game is Amazing! You will need some time to repare your ship , but is Worth It.If you love Terraria and the Space , this is your game!(Sorry for my bad English)"
,Recommended,211820,17562393,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,insanejester,"One of the best sandbox building/exploration games I have ever seen. The quests are a little bit boring but some of them are quite rewarding, this game has many possibilities and potential no matter what anyone else says. Also the first mission is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to complete."
76561198045357900,Not Recommended,211820,13937166,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rebe83,"Being a dedicated Terraria fan who was active on the forums back in the day, I spent a lot of time playing. (260 hours, intrest had died after my world saves wer deleted by a reocurring bug) So of couse when starbound was revealed, I was excited. A few month later I bought into the beta, played for a while, and absolutely didn't get it. The orld was empty, and I tried playing it like I would Terraria or minecrat- make a base, make a crating table, put the fire down, etc. But when I got to the quest of ""Make a beacon"" or some such, I got stuck. I couldn't find ore, and crafting is also based on how much money you have, as wel as reources. I tried grinding for cash by killing monsters, but it was so slow, I just put it away.More recently I tried again to ifigure out the game, and I saw no progress. The NPCs were pointless other than having cool styled items and free chests, and the underground was depressingy barren compared to Terraria's.In short, I'll summarize my experience as:Good- very appealing environments, good variety of monsters, cool character races and customization, and (sometimes) satisfying combat.Bad- clunky inventory and menu design mean a lot of clicking around to find what you want, random difficulty because of variety of monsters, VERY slow harvesting speeds, slow and boring travel, combat makes you feel very weak and is unrewarding, very material-needy crafting, slow gameplay pace, and many things aren't explained.Of course, I could just be stupid and am playing the game totally wrong, or t gets better after building the satellite. But if just playing the first world you spawn in is this repelling and tedious, is it really worth playing more?All in all, I think this game would be better if it cleaned up the menus, made resources more available, got rid of the ""pixels in crafting"" idea altogether, and made ombat and finding resources more gratifying,and made the pace faster and less grindy.I might try again later, just because it makes me upset to think that all the pars f a fun game are here, but not done quite well enough."
76561198051953945,Not Recommended,211820,13265491,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Dark Bum,"I've played countless hours on Starbound when the game first came out... Needless to say it was breathtaking for a 2-D scrolling game.  It made me want to adventure and experience everything once I got the hang of the controls.Although a dark shadow follows this game; once you ""beat the game"" (get the best armor, unlock all planets, beat all the bosses) you feel really incomplete.  The game never gets updated and the Dev's make us feel like they just quit on this potentially beautiful game.  I'm not going to write a detailed description, but overall this game was originally 9.5/10 quality, but now I'm giving it a 6.5/10.  No replay value."
,Not Recommended,211820,13277765,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Ben Garrison,"People will still defend this garbage and call it a ""good game"" their most recent ""Major Update"" was a bouncing potion that allowed you to jump around the map and take no fall damage, something a modder would easily implement in the game.Is the concept great? Yes, it felt like a great game on release, but it was never finished, those sweet promises about the major update was a disgusting lie. if you want to be an idiot and waste your money on this failure of a game, Go ahead, it was fun when all the hype was surrounding this game, but nope, they just abandoned their game, instead of actually working on any update, they decided to split their team to make more crappy games instead of focusing on what we paid them to focus on.Oh and just a sidenote, the intense amount of time I wasted on this game wasn't because I was playing, I was wasting my time modding the entire game so that it won't look as terrible as the vanilla version."
76561198066268034,Recommended,211820,13007202,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Calvinic,"Pros:-Nice pixel artstyle that is pleasing to the eye.-Enviroments are varied and creative.-Awsome soundtrack.-Cool character races and lore behind them.-Unique survival mechanics such as maintaining warmth in cold enviorments and at night. (Debatable, I know. But I haven't seen many survival games that tried this.)-Random generation of planets and enviroments to keep things fresh while playing and when starting a new game.-Fairly generous on older hardware. (Though there are problems with occasional lag with even the beefiest of computers so I'm told.)-Pretty good lighting system.Cons:-In it's current state, the game doesn't really do much of anything different in comparison to other survival titles.  (Minecraft and Terriria come to mind) It does the typical forumla of farm, mine, build, hunt, eat, sleep, fight and explore that has been seen already. But, according to the devs, this game will be much more fleshed out.-On the topic of added content, frequent updates for the game seemed to have slowed down quite siginifcantly. I heard several reasons as to why, but it seems that this game is still being worked on, just at a slower pace. So if you're the type of gamer that hates waiting. Don't buy this until it is finished.-Combat feels rather flat and boring after a while.-Not really much of a challenge in trying to survive, espically when you spawn right near a city and don't have to work for much. (Though you could argue thats really the fault of survival games in general.)Things I can't comment on:MuliplayerModdingOverall, Starbound isn't bad, it's quite good for where it is right now.  But it's not going to keep you entertained for long periods of time. It's the kind of game that you'll come back to if you're bored or looking to play a game to scratch that survival itch."
,Not Recommended,211820,13203797,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Satrim,i got this game almost a year ago and no updates huge let down i loved terraria i put 1000 hours+ into the game using mods. if your intrested in this game and you dont have terraria get terraria terraria goes on sale alot and already cheaper
76561197966003977,Not Recommended,211820,13702054,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,XP-Lionheart,"WASD only? What is this, the 80's?"
76561198083077494,Not Recommended,211820,13257585,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,conrob123,This Game gets really grindy when you start bought this 4 months ago and I have only played it 2 hours. I did not enjoy it at all. The best part for me was pushing the quit button
,Not Recommended,211820,13227586,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Calvinster,"I've bought well over 100 games on Steam, some of them early access, but Starbound is the only one I really wish I could get a refund for. Just a total disappointment. Looks fun and expansive for the first hour or two, then the realisation starts to set in that the game is astoundingly empty. Terraria kept me entertained for over 250 hours. Starbound bored me after 3. Waiting months upon months for updates that were supposed to come 'thick and fast' is fun too. And don't forget the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers who do everything they can to remove criticism, blame the playerbase for their own failings, and generally s*** on the people who gave them money for their unfinished game with the ludicrous expectation that they would ever finish it.Ruined my faith in early access entirely. Don't buy."
76561197985052033,Not Recommended,211820,13208212,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Eevee,"Don't buy it. Its in development limbo with no real chance of it getting done in any real timeframe. Just go play Terraria instead. Even without mods, you'll get a far more interesting and promising experience than with Starbound.Save your money. Fund something worth it.Edit: Broken nightly builds that are buggy all to hell do not constitute ""updates"" in the way that a stable build would. 8 months since the last stable reflects very poorly on their ability to progress with development."
,Not Recommended,211820,13219471,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ongorobotaborotaanabor,"This game is nothing but a bunch of broken promises. Like many others who have posted a review, Starbound offers a great concept, with a pitiful execution.There's not much to do in this game other than landing on some planets and collecting resources. The only redeeming quality this game has is the music.If you're looking for a great exploration/survival game, do yourself a favor and look into Terarria. It has a ridiculous amount of content and you'll undoubtedly get more hours than what you've paid for.Starbound is absolutely dead in terms of devlopment. Chucklefish hasn't made any significant improvements to the game since I've made the purchase a little over a year ago."
,Recommended,211820,15704704,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Hotline Bans™,I love how many types of planets there are to deforest.
76561197977869228,Not Recommended,211820,13710455,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[AYBABTU] BC,"Great potential and they -seem- to be working hard on it. However, they have promised a lot of things that they have no delivered on including content and deadlines. This is enough to justify some caution when dealing with this company. I'd suggest waiting for the full release before you dive into this one. They have more than enough money to finish this game so they don't need yours. Hell, they have enough money that they decided to publish several other games instead of finishing this one. That -also- is cause for alarm. Like I said, wait this one out.EDIT : I'm changing my review to a CAUTIOUS reccomendation. This game is basically ""finished"" and it is fun enough to play. Some things are slight dissapointments. Some features were underdeliverd but overall I would say it's a -good- game. Not amazing. Just a solid good. Let's be real. This game is competing with Terraria which I own and love. In order for this game to really compete it's going to need to have at least a decent stream of updates. Based on how they've been updating the game so far, I wouldn't be too optimistic about future content. So, with that in mind, if you're going to buy this game then buy it for what it IS not for what it -MIGHT- be. It's a decently made Terraria-like with a more sci-fi/multiworld focus and not much more."
76561197996886971,Not Recommended,211820,14115299,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kevlar,"My experience with the game goes like this:Find ore to make armor and a weapon, kill the boss to unlock the next tier of armor and weapons.Find the ore to make the next tier of  armor and weapons, kill the boss, unlock the next tier of armor and weapons. ect ect.....I found myself doing this step by step untill I quickly had best armor and weapon I could make in the game.Most people are right there is no motivation to stay on any single planet and settle a base. All you do is collect fuel for the ship and search for ore to make the next tier armor and weapons wich all you have to do is land on planet and walk the ground and collect ores untill you reach the same spot you started in, because even the rare ores areeasy to find just laying on the surface of the planet, the dungions are so repettitve.I wanted to like this game but it is lacking emmersion...."
,Not Recommended,211820,14215985,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Tipped YAMATE,"A game built upon and funded by broken promises. It's pretty ironic how in the ""Why Early Access?"" section of this page the developer Chucklefish states ""we decided to release the game in beta through early access to ensure the community has a chance to help us shape the game"" when they have since acted so hostile to any criticism from their community. Read any other negative review to get an idea of how the game itself was bad, but I completely regret giving such unproffessional and mean-spirited people my $15, and that comes before I consider how boring the game itself is.I'm currently reinstalling the game to try out the Winter Update, although I wouldn't be suprised if my ""53.2 hrs on record"" doesn't increase by that much by the time I get around to updating this review and I certainly am not holding out hope the game will magically be good. It's only morbid curiosity that's fueling me now.Bottom line: Starbound is not fun, do not buy this game, do not support devs who don't care and do not waste your time playing a boring game like I have when you could instead play something fun."
,Recommended,211820,8265614,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,luca,good
76561198031388512,Recommended,211820,8051232,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Spice_Daddy,Best game ever.
76561197969058651,Recommended,211820,8064521,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,BealMan,"Some fellas and I were exploring the vast space that is  ""Starbound"".We came across one epic weapon in a randomly generated chest.""The Poop Tickler""I have since bought 7 copies of the game for various friends.Enough said."
,Recommended,211820,8227175,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Suicide Wank,great game! this is actualy a terraria with space traveling and other awersome stuff! i like it.
,Recommended,211820,8758883,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,NightTrain3,Good fun little game.
,Recommended,211820,8373664,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Colotol,Buy.It
,Recommended,211820,8599742,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,{KAMO}Pieyum,♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,8824254,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Oculus Spliff,"Starbound, The new Game from the Creators of Terraria! It's a tiny bit Similar to that of Terraria but a bit more Complex. I get Killed so Fastly by the Enemys and Building on the Game is pretty Neat! I do recommend this Game for all who enjoy Terraria!"
76561198009912290,Recommended,211820,8848111,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,User3rr0r,"Several hours into the game; very few bugs. These are the guys who stopped updating Terraria to start working on this game which is like Terraria on steroids. Want to start a new map? No need to save and exit your current map and start a new game. Just beam to your starship and go find another planet! Also, there's of course multiplayer where you and your friends can team up on a server and watch each other's back while delving deep caverns to find treasure and valuable resources you need to craft essential items. There are dungeons, bosses, spaceships, and both real life and virtual companions can accompany you on your epic adventures."
,Recommended,211820,8865488,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Aenimafilter,A great sandbox/adventure game with already great polish!
76561198032699475,Recommended,211820,8893802,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,penguin drummer,"This is like the best, better than terraria and still in early beta.The only thing that bothers me is the random number genorator is not random enough."
,Recommended,211820,8967939,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,WAKEUPITSGAMEDAYSBOYS,"Starbound is Terraria 2. Better gameplay, more exploration and creatures along with many races and classes to play as makes this game amazing. If you have played Terraria, just get this already."
76561198049193011,Recommended,211820,8988852,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Wonka,"This is a great game if you like adventure, and endless fun with the different generated areas, and planets."
,Recommended,211820,9219363,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Noob 5,i highly recommend this game because it may be evolved because of its gameplay
,Recommended,211820,8861471,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Ypenguin,This game feels like endless worlds and stars that no two are the same. You build what ever you want and fight what every you want with what ever you want. A out of the park game!
,Recommended,211820,8783155,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,pmanpwns,"I love Terraria, I love Minecraft. when I play this game, It completes the holy trinity of sandbox games"
,Recommended,211820,9537855,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,n0.skill,"Great game, highly recommend it to friends."
,Recommended,211820,23745785,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,*insert king joke here*,"I absolutely loved this game. It has just enough sandbox and progression to it that you can let your imagination run free, but also just enough story and purpose that it isn't totally boring. And hell, if you don't want to know the story, you don't have to. The game looks beautiful, using the pixelated style wonderfully. Though it does tend to lag when there are a LOT of entities on screen, like in a town, or surrounded by enemies, it overall runs quite smoothly. I would thoroughly recommend this game to anyone who likes sandbox or RPG games, because it has several elements from each. Overall, 9/10."
,Recommended,211820,24866177,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Solemace,"Starbound is a good game and dispite my relitivly recent purchase I have poured hour into it. The game is fun and charming in almost everyway. From the item flavor text to the overall game I have had nothing but fun. The steamworkshop and the idea that this game can be modded adds so much more to my enjoyment of the game as a whole. I love the settlement feature and I can't wait to build a large settlement.On the otherhand there are some issues with the game that im sure will come to be fixed in later patches. One of my characters crew was compleatly duplicated and the result was an npc lag machine. For the most part it is possible to fix this, but you cannot get rid of tailors because they dont show up in your crew directory after you talk to them. This happened to me on a server when the clients game froze for a small amout of time and now I have two extra tailors on my ship that are kind of an eye sore. Most of the issues lie in multiplayer from what I can tell but this seems to be mostly minor issues that can be remidied by beaming back to your ship.If you enjoy sandbox games I strongly reccomend this game for you and your friends there is so much to do and find. Simply putI love this game"
,Recommended,211820,7965611,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,reysad,"Really good game, super similar to terraria. Can take some time to understand the differences if you've played Terraria alot. Extremely good music and awesome graphics!"
,Recommended,211820,9966997,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,onion,Literally one of the best games I've evr played. Like Terraria in space but better. You can fly through a freaking unlimited galaxy while fighting off monsters and building structures on the smaller plantets. One word to describe this game : AWESOMESo yah go buy it now and stuff. Oh and it is still in beta so it will get much much better.
,Recommended,211820,7959657,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,theblackcloud,If you haven't bought this you should.
76561198066782431,Recommended,211820,9103117,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ZarysZ シ,super gra
,Recommended,211820,10135493,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Lucky Luke,"This game is so good you don't even know. The possibilities are infinite, the conept is amazing and multiplayer is a beast. You do not create a world, you only create a character and the worlds are planets. Therefore, in multiplayer, you can join your buddy's server without you two losing your own worlds! It's like a universe with planets for each player, and even more planets to explore. On top of that, the dev team is amazing. They don't give updates everyday, but when they do, it's something major. I, personally, enjoy this more than Terraria, but I kinda love Terraria more since it was the first game that came with this sidescroller survival (I think).Short: BUY IT , IT'S AWESOME."
,Recommended,211820,30597793,Posted: 18 March,all,jeffslayer82,"Harder than Dark Souls, and more rewarding."
76561198069656056,Recommended,211820,29506311,Posted: 26 January,all,Divine Reaper,if u enjoy being able to build stuff like in mine craft and intergalactic travel from planet to planet u will enjoy this game. Not gonna lie itis a little slo but when u put in a couple hours and build tools it starts getting quite interesting. the story line from what little bit i have broke in to it is good as well. So if u like to adventure for ever then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,211820,8969407,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,ChristosX,Holy crap this game is awesome! Ive been playing it all day and keep finding new and interesting things to explore. There are some problems with the crafting mechanics and some items dont have descriptions though I am pleasantly suprised grated that it is in alpha. I havent tried it on multiplayer yet though.
76561198111357970,Recommended,211820,8172120,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Le Fromage,Its so awesome that i just want to play it now.
,Recommended,211820,29789079,Posted: 8 February,all,W€NDYS Frosty Lul,Amazing Game!! I Love Chuclefsh Games I Always Stay Up To Date With It.Its Like Terrarias Better Space Brother!! Hyped For Spellbound!!!
,Recommended,211820,7990796,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Pink,yes
,Recommended,211820,17496777,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Scool of Shrimp,"ive played a lot of this game its up there with my top 3 favorites some people just say ""its just terraria in space"" and if your one of those people you can look at the amount of time they have in this game and know that they dont know what there talking about but that said if you like terraria then youl definetly like this game its gameplay is very simalar but i try not to compare the two"
,Recommended,211820,29080232,Posted: 6 January,all,Torch,"BIRDS.SO MANY BIRDS.THEY GO ""COO""GAME MAKES ME FEEL GOOD AND WARM INSIDE"
76561198019448113,Recommended,211820,7938051,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Chippy,"Much like Terraria, this game also made me ejaculate in such an uncontrollable and violent manner that I blacked out, waking up two weeks later with my house robbed and my body stripped bare.  The only thing that remains was my computer, so quite obviously I dragged my crusty naked body over to it and started Starbound again."
76561198084815362,Recommended,211820,9442843,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,FuckMe,BEST GAME EVA. PLS BUY SUPORT PUBLISHERS.THEY ARE GREAT. GREAT BUY.APPROVED BY READING RAINBOW
,Recommended,211820,8405793,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Colombian Prison Experience,So much better than Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,9329519,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,^5roonies,Wrecks Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8051894,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Khal,Play This !!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,9748375,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Asithmus,"Multiplayer, and single player i suggest this kind of MMO, or such as,""Cartoon"", you can do almost anything on here."
76561198054645521,Recommended,211820,7988624,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,skateereer,Fantastic Game that everyone who has ever played video games should buy and have at 700+ hours on :)
,Recommended,211820,7957885,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,[Ph.D]Dr.Dez,I love it already.
76561198117014528,Recommended,211820,24939071,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Pr0xy,This gameis honestlyway to good to pass upi thought it would be a time killerbut holy ♥♥♥♥this game is amazingbuy buy buy buy
,Recommended,211820,8470688,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,comfysafe,Great game with lots of potential. I'm coming back to this one over and over! The world in this game is endless and I am loving the random everything! :)
,Not Recommended,211820,24506209,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,The Green Cazzafà,"perfect, after the neew update it only opens one time on 10 and it deleted my old saves, soooo good job developers"
76561198111867409,Recommended,211820,17487739,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Inc_ndesc_nt,"Okay, we indie people all know about starbound. I've read quite a few of these reviews, and, call me a fanboy, but I can't really say I haven't enjoyed this game. I mean, if you look at the playtimes, even with the NEGATIVE reviews, it's usually near the hundreds in hours. These people play this game, a whole freaking lot. and then they say it's terrible. See what I'm getting at? I've really enjoyed this game, my whole group of friends loves this game, and honestly, I don't see why I shouldn't recommend this game.If you want the details of the pros and cons of this game, look at the other 40'000+ positive reviews. There are 4'000 or so negative reviews for this game. It's still 'very postive' with 90% postivity. And honestly, I think that's where it will stay.Don't listen to people who say just because it's early access, it's crap. This is a relaxing, fun, and sometimes extremely  tense and exciting game. If you like games like Terraria and Minecraft, or if you like sandbox games in general, buy this game.And for all those who say it's abandoned, look at the developer blog. It's not dead. Do your research."
,Recommended,211820,8599175,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Big_Lope,so at first your probably thinking oh look another terraria rip BUT YOU ARE AN IDIOT IF YOU SAY THAT this game has on of the best sound tracks ever its a bit difficult at the beginning but this is nothing like terraria you can go to other planets you have infinte arrows you have guns and you have the choice between different species from robots to humans. this will be probably be the best $15 that you  will spend
,Recommended,211820,9242426,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,ReduX,"PART TWO, coming back to the game in v. Spirited Giraffe.So, I put down Starbound for a long time, since at the time I was playing it, I got frustrated due to the low pixel (currency) drop rate and other things that just made the game feel incomplete (this was, of course, after I wrote my initial review seen below). With this new update that came out 4/24, I decided to pick the game up once again, several versions after I lfet it.Boy, is this game phenomenal now. They've improved so much, and it's really feeling like a complete game (still in beta, though)! Improved Every. Last. Mechanic. And. Everything. In the whole game, and it is very polished-feeling now.Starbound is interesting in the way that it is really calming and relaxed, digging around and exploring and unearthing each new planet's content, but at the same time you're tense and ready to face danger at a moments notice, kite around crazy jumping beasts while desperately slashing/stabbing/shooting for your life.Very solid game, can't wait for what's to come. 7.5/8 m8~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~PART ONE: written in one of the first versions (Angry Koala)The reason I didn't write a review for this game a while ago was, I didn't know what to write. I love this game, but it's hard to put how interesting it is into words.Starbound is NOT a ripoff of Terraria, though often that is one of the first impressions people get. Like Terraria, it is an Indie Sandbox game with crafting, bosses, etc. However, there are some major differences. Starbound has a huge array of different enemies, put together from a few sprites to make random and sometimes funny-looking enemies. In Starbound, it is a little bit more on the surviving and exploration side, with LOADS of structures and strange blocks to fin, and strong enemies. Ores are more scarce. Starbound has many races to play as, each with their own pros and cons. There's too much more to talk about...For an early access game, Starbound is amazing. AMAZING. I agree with the devs: ""Starbound is already extremely playable and contains a vast amount of content"". For an example, take the sheer amount of different planets. Here's the rundown:5 sectors (galaxies)A LOT of star systemsEach star system has 1 - 8(?) planet clustersEach planet cluster has 1 - 4 different planets/asteroids to land onThere's so much content. I would highly reccomend this game to people who enjoy games with the option, but are not totally created around the ability, to build cool stuff. People who enjoy games that have the RPG feel of ""I need to get better! I need the best stuff! To defeat all the bosses!"" will enjoy this game.20/10PS: It has hats. And shirts. AND PANTS."
,Recommended,211820,25349649,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,iggychris1,"First off, this is the first game I have ever reviewed on Steam. And that fact is actually an important part of this review. It's the first game thus far that has made me WANT to go and write a review. And that is a good thing.Second, I had just finished a 50-60 hour long playthrough of No Man's Sky on PS4, and let me say, I enjoyed that game quite a bit. Yes it has it's problems, and yes they basically released the Beta, but I stand behind the beleif that Sean Murray and the rest of Hello Games will update the game to its full potential...eventually.However, Starbound is what no mans sky was supposed to be (at least for me). It is more of a survial, crafting, trading, and exploring game than NMS could ever be. And it presents one of the best OST's ive ever heard while doing so. This game is, at first, a clone of Terraria. But after a few hours it becomes its own game. It becomes its own AMAZING game. I highly recomend.Now the only reason I actually purchased this game is because I am a HUGE fan of Stardew Valley, and I wanted to support Chucklefish, as well as the indie dev industry as a whole. But I turned out really liking this game, and I bet you would too"
,Recommended,211820,26057362,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Rikuu The Werewolf Riolu,Game is goodbut it just feelsempty. i mean like its not empty but tis all the same stuff. get mods and stuff youll feel better
76561198070613223,Recommended,211820,9013173,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,lordofgor,"Holy mother of god this game. THIS GAME!This game blows Terraria out of the water with the sheer amount of content packed into it and the huge amount of fun to be had. Not only a very visually appealing game but also one that has a wonder soundtrack (much better than the mediocore Terraria soundtrack) And keep in mind that this is an BETA! They aren't even close to done with this thing and it's ALREADY better than Terraria, a game that has been in development much longer than Starbound.Another thing I need to mention are the worlds, mostly the structures that will appear on them. There are a wide vairtey of buildings and people you can find on the thousands of planets (with even more structures and people being planned for the future) From sprawiling cities, medeival castles, and robotic fortresses the wonders of Starbound never cease to astonish me.For anyone who likes games like Minecraft, Terraria, or any other game like these, this is a must have in your collection. This game is so good already, even in a beta stage, and for only 15 dollars you get to tag along for the ride and see as they add the content to an already expansive and incredible game."
,Recommended,211820,17418311,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Robert,"i read the reviews about this game having no soul, or being pointless, but i dont understand what they are talking about. this game is similar to terraria, but different, and in a few ways better.just like terraria, you spawn in your world and set out to collect resources, find loot chests, and random hidden dungeons. but instead, there are multiple worlds inside one universe, all with different landscapes, monsters and loot.i know it is in early access, but it already has a ton of content and is, in my opinion, far better than terraria."
,Recommended,211820,17500334,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Dame_DaRosa,"The gameplay is pretty good. It is in a lot of ways similar to Terraria, but it has its own special quality that makes it unique and enjoyable to play. I personally think there should be race-specific abilities to help increase the development of the characters (ex. Novakids have bioluminescence, Hylotls swim faster, etc) but I heard that may come out in future updates. The collection of feul is painfully time consuming in my opinion, but I guess that at least it isn't too difficult to find, considering there is always a moon in the nearby solar system to resupply. Good game, two thumbs up!"
,Recommended,211820,23713141,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Thyrekz,The music is amazing 100/10
,Recommended,211820,9784081,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,BioHazard,"After watching the trailer, I thought it was going to be another version of terraria. But after playing it... I was wowed by the uniqeness of planets, the creatures, and the races. I would definitly recomend this game to anyone who likes games like terraria, because in my opinion, this game is already better than terraria, and its only in beta, I cant wait to see what the game can offer in the months to come. I already have 9 hours into the game. And I just bought it around 11 hours ago!8.7/10"
76561198040508489,Recommended,211820,8575324,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MrIHaveASword,"This is a pretty really good game, slow to start, but once you are past that initial hurdle... it is like terraria meets minecraft meets every space exploration game."
,Recommended,211820,23709461,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,duckywizard,This is an awesome game but it's been in early access forever!
,Recommended,211820,24609610,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,YatoGodOfAll,"♥♥♥♥♥ my crew keeps duplicating, why, plz help"
,Recommended,211820,28579944,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,StingingRodgerM8,I thought that there was  an action packed game that is more enjoyable played with friends.
76561197995868338,Recommended,211820,7973476,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Azrial M.,"It's easy to call this game a lot of things on first glance - and a lot of them would be right.  But what's not right is to think that's all there is to it based on what it looks like.Starbound has a lot of elements of other sandbox build-and-explore games, but it has a lot of unique traits and elements of its own.  A lot of the tedium of placing and moving single blocks to build structures has been streamlined substantially with their system of 'click-and-slide' block placement.  The worlds and their different biomes may look similar, but the number and types of monsters and items to cultivate vary wildly based on atmosphere, biome type or just sheer dumb luck.The cultures and backgrounds of the individual races have a lot of thought and effort put into them, so it's very easy to get a feel for each different society's origins when you see their remnants scattered amongst the stars.  The combat is intense (to the point of being unfair at times) and the weapons are varied and interesting with lots of different properties and applications.  Survival being based not just on finding food but keeping warm to avoid hypothermia -- which sets in faster based on the biome atmospheres, or even requires a whole set of craftable clothing to avoid near-instant frigid death -- deepens the gameplay beyond just chipping up blocks.Would I recommend it?  Yes.Is it bound to change as the beta progresses?  Absolutely.Will I say the same things that I have now once some changes roll out?  Probably.What I've seen so far has enough charm to call me back, even if they've said there will be periodic and sporadic character wipes throughout the beta.  Though that might be a showstopper for some people, they do announce well in advance when one will occur on the Starbound forums - and stated so clearly before the beta started - so they don't come out of the blue.  But, really, I see that as an opportunity to taste and try a lot of things.  It's beta, after all - things are bound to change."
,Recommended,211820,8612907,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Alexalmighty502,Why are you looking at the reviews? Get this game!
,Recommended,211820,16355954,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Plex,7.8/10 too much space
,Recommended,211820,7968162,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,WalkerJetBat,"Skybound is 2D RPG platform game. It takes place in unknown universe. Our character's World has been destroyed so we need a new place to live. We have a spaceship to move but it needs fuel.There are races to choose. (Robots, humans etc.) Also each race has their base on a planet. (For example I have seen a robot   base under a planet.)Different biomes in different planets make game enjoying. If you liked Terraria, you should buy this game!"
,Recommended,211820,25383742,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,PureCrispyBacon,>Picks Human bc Master Race>Gets gray cat in ship>Wants orange cat>Creates new human>Orange cat>awwyiss.jpg>plays through story>cult called oculus>literally nazis for the humans>wants to join oculus>doesnt let me join oculus>heil human>new race>hylotyl>openly racicst toward florans (plant race)10/10 would be racist to a plant againHeil OculusThis is a really good game actually. Its like terraria and no mans sky exept it works
,Recommended,211820,8475724,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,KILLZONEUAE,One of The Best Game Ever !!!
,Recommended,211820,21633876,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Lil' Goggles,"I recommend this game if you aren't extremely harsh on wiped saves in major updates or features being temporarily taken away for fixing or changing. Everyone seems to give negative reviews because of these things, but honestly the real fun in a sandbox is explore and build your dream creations. This game has just that. It has so much to create with and so much to do. You can create a band, you can make your own items, you can create a home, a town, or even a defense bunker. People look down on it for being a Terraria clone, but it's not. It may have the same sort of look, but it's very unique. How many times in Terraria do you make a band, upgrade your tech, fly hoverbikes, and kill things in mechs? I recommend this game especially if you have alot of ideas for things to build. You have everything you need, with still more to come."
,Recommended,211820,9175887,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Hamster Daddy,It's like Skyrim with space.
,Recommended,211820,7932290,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ThePjPenguin,"This game from the outside basically looks like a copy or Terraria, I assure you it is so much more than that. Within 5 minutes of starting up my game i was treated to a choice between 6 races. 6! you usually only get that sort of choice when playing an elder scrolls game.I was then plopped down into my ship (as a rather dashing robot with a rather nice gold coat of paint i might add) and instructed to get fuel from the planet below, i went down expecting a blank map with random enimies all the usual stuff you'd find in an avarage game of terraria, but lo and behold withing a 10 second walk (and the slicing up of a few beasties) i came across not just a town but a metropolis inhabeted by a sentient avian race who to my suprise did not try to kill me.It has been a very fun game and i have only played it for less than an hour, it has set up in a way that i can see entertaining me for hours on end and i would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,7921387,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,XSSTEEL,This is a Great and beautiful game
,Recommended,211820,23739654,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Kat,"Going right to my opinion on this game, it has a ton of potential, but it is kinda boring. It's not a bad game, but it is a little lifeless at the moment, the quests are eithor boring, always seemingly tutorialish, or a boss quest, which it seems the tutorialish quests are of more importence than the boss ones, but the boss ones are needed for you to progress to harder planets.I say this game has potential because, quite frankly, this game feels extreamly empty and with a bunch of more meaningful, creative quests, I think it could really help make this game be enjoyable and memorable. It supposedly has a survival system being worked on (hunger/thirst, etc.) but the lack of drives this game to feel combat-only oriented. And while killing mobs is a expected chore you need to do anyway, it gets very boring and repetitive as you're prettymuch eithor mineing everything, or building stuff. If you rush to do all the bos fights, you're left with a gient universe full of planets and no real reason to play, and that is my major issue with this game.Updates are slow for this game, but there are many community mods which help keep you distracted during these update times, and if you look you can find multipler servers that can really help make the game much more entertaining, but if you play this on your own, don't expect to be enthralled with amzingness, you end up with quests that feel more like jobs and little reason to really make expansive bases. Still, it is a good game, specialy with friends."
76561197975295047,Recommended,211820,8256183,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Major Legend,"Amazing Game! If you grew up dreaming of traveling through space , fighting enemies, discovering hidden secrets, collecting treasures with your friend, this is the ultimate game for that dream. Even better if you like Chrono Trigger, Final Fantasy, this game takes inspiration from all classic science and fantasy. The soundtrack is similiarly breathtaking. This game ticks so many boxes and is so addictive, especially when you travel with other friends, an its only in first stage beta!"
76561198021701951,Recommended,211820,7999351,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,vinnyboom123,buy it
,Recommended,211820,8407410,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Coathanger,I recommend this♥♥♥♥♥♥like its sex.
,Recommended,211820,8115374,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,cradboard,"Most people will say: ""Just a better and beefed up version of Terraria."" I beg to differ, this game has a similar platform to Terraria but it's an entirely different game, it has goals, suprises, and rewards. While keeping it's survival and resourceful aspects. So far... I love the game, but it's better with a friend. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8418186,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Retsim,Best game ever
,Recommended,211820,8408233,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Robbert,"Very VERY fun game, highly recommended. Especially if you're into Terraria/Minecraft."
76561198055648496,Recommended,211820,8011396,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ScareCrow,a super awesome game i love it so much and i cant believe its still not finished yet if you love it as much as i do you will love it a lot more when they update it
,Recommended,211820,7934519,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rawsome83,"Terraria on steroids! It's everything it was, but also everything it was lacking. Sweet retro graphics, amazing music and an amazing depth to the tech-tree and progression. If you're a fan of Minecraft or Terraria, check it out. 90% chance you'll love it."
,Recommended,211820,7932412,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ImaCorgi,"If you loved Terraria and you like other things. You will definately like this. Wonderful soundtrack, visuals are appealing, game is good. buy it♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198263993590,Not Recommended,211820,24920167,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,breadstick7572,"I paid hard earned money for this (Gift card for birthday), my 2nd buy on steam (1st was Terraria, great game) and I see this wonderful game, it looks amazing, love the graphics and design for it, so i buy it (not knowing how terrible it was in terms of lag). I run it (took a LONG time to figure out) and when i finally 'play' the game, it runs terribly. I'm getting around 2-3 (4 if lucky) frames per second, so I can barely do anything, when it finally responds to my actions, it took a good 6-7 minutes for it to warp me to the surface, then i get rekt by the 1st creature i see, because when i shoot it it was already in another spot but showing it in another, so i try again, and again, until i give up. So i quit, and accidentally leave my computer on (I shut the screen off) overnight, so it counts it as i played the game for 11 hours, when i was only on it for 30mins at most. So i finally get a refund request to work (I couldn't find the option to do so) and i wait the 5-7 business days, and no refund. That was in December. December, now LONG gone, (It is currently August) and, NO REFUND. so now i am forcing all you other Starbound haters to read my comment. You are welcome. Now give me my money. P.S., i didn't even buy the game when it was on sale so steam should give me 15$ back."
,Recommended,211820,24870310,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Chef,cheaper no mans sky
76561198068664164,Recommended,211820,27064309,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,PuN1SHeR,Terraria in Space.Nuff said.
,Recommended,211820,19321178,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,punani armani,this game is of top notch quality
,Recommended,211820,25406460,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,puppetstabber,"First.I don't own a console. I have a cheap hand me down laptop. Sure, it runs slow at times, but hey, it runs Hearthstone well, Factorio well, and this game decently.Second.I work alot, so it's not like I have a lot of time to play, but....This game has totally captivated me. The music is calming, the graphics are gorgeous for being 2D. I remember the days of old on Atari 2600 and NES. Those graphics were literally .... (tangent... back on topic)Third.I highly recommend this game to anyone who has a few hours and just feels like getting lost in a massive world where you can create what you wish. There's loot. Enemies. Friends. Just ALOT to do.Fourth.Seeing as how I mentioned earlier of the golden age of gaming (Atari NES days) let's continue on to SNES days.This game in a nutshell....If I had to place it in a top 10 with the SNES games I love here's how it would go down.1. Chrono Trigger.2. Starbound.3. Secret of Mana.4. Legend of Zelda: Link to the Past5. Lufia 26. Breath of Fire 27. Secret of Evermore8. Final Fantasy (The one with the snow at the beginning. My memory sucks)9. Super Mario RPG10. Zombies Ate My Neighbors.Now. Seeing my Top 10. It's number 2. Yes. It has entertained me more than Secret of Mana and I absolutely LOVE that game.Buy it. Play it. Enjoy it. Share it's existence with EVERYONE."
76561198179899637,Recommended,211820,19951184,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Tetsuyagi,
76561198106953264,Recommended,211820,19952020,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,EMB3RW0LF,When I first bought this game I became addicted and loved playing it. On the flipside it had a ton of bugs and wiped my saves a lot but things like that are to be expected and from an early access game. Even still it was a really fun game and still had a ton of potential which got me even more excited. Even today there is still a lot of things to come in the future so if u have not bought the game yet I recommend u get it.
,Recommended,211820,30984248,Posted: 6 April,all,nahu1002,good
,Recommended,211820,20464826,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,bluevoid,terraria in space
76561197983813364,Recommended,211820,19250751,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Bloodninja,"Great idea and decent exicution makes up for the extremely slow development. The updates rarely disappoint, but are agonizingly infrequent.Be prepared for long periods to build up stuff then having tons of changes implimented suddenly that alter early game.That second and third re-start still manages to be fun, but I'm dying waiting for 1.0.Games this good cannot develop fast enough, really."
,Recommended,211820,19775601,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Wolf™,The best space exploration game ive ever had.. and i have alot of space exploration games.. or games with space exploring mods.. so.. 11/10
,Recommended,211820,19244182,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,deadass,"This is a beautifully put together game overall. The music is beautiful, the graphics are great, and the gameplay and exploration systems are amazing. All of this together shapes the mold for a perfect mixture of calm and exciting tones this kind of game needs, and Starbound pulls it all off amazingly. Plus, it's not even close to being finished! There is plenty to look forward to in this game."
76561198026876478,Not Recommended,211820,20964187,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Jayofthedamned,"If you have Windows 10 and want this game. Think again. This game is actually dangerous towards any and all Windows 10 users.If you enter the Outpost or a challenge room the game can not only crash, but crash your entire computer completely and force it to restart. I legitimately felt a lump in my throat once it occured. No game should ever do this and I am in awe that the developers are incapable of fixing it. This is a well known problem in the community that for some reason isn't well known. Please, let it be known that this is a possible system killer.0/10, Nearly killed my PC."
,Recommended,211820,20872237,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Pie Duck,"I had to find a secret relic for one of the quests.... It was a little Golden Duckie.It was then i had to make the hardest decision of my life. To give him up to the person who asked for it... Or keep it for myself.We had been through so much together. We had ran through caves , flew through serveral solar systems , walked dangerous planets and even built a house together. It was too much. I couldn't let him go.So i enable admin commands and spawned in another duckie to give to the peasant and keep the original.Then the ship crashed and i had to flee.Legend has it that the duck still wonders the crash site , looking for my body...10/10 This game is amazing. There is so much to do and recently they added vehicles to drive around with friends inside so thats good. The bosses are pretty difficult too. So far i have only built one house because i have been so concentrated in the questline which i completed recently.Also : dont leave your stuff and crafting tables in a house on a planet because you'll have to keep flying between that planet and other , so my advice is to keep all your things on your ship. ( Your ship starts small but you can expand it as you progress into the story. )Edit : Because Starbound 1.0 is releasing on the 22nd , make sure you reset your universe and make a new character so you can get all the goodies that have been added !"
,Recommended,211820,25027334,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,[LiS] Recoil Rick,"Way to much fun, would highly reccomend for fans of terraria and other games that are super awesome!!!"
,Recommended,211820,23486564,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Grim Reaper Exe,"Very fun, but glitchy at times"
76561198071429626,Recommended,211820,23319991,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Angel,"Although it may on first glance seem like a terraria rip-off Starbound is not a game to pass up. Here are some pros and cons on why this game is awesomePROS:~ AMAZING MUSIC most of the tracks are incredible~ lots of adventure to go around with a seemingly limitless galaxy and planets with tons of biomes, villages, and dungeons~ Tons of customization, you can decorate everyhing from your space-ship, to your character, to the colonies you can build, anything you have you can customize with the countless numbers of weapons and items~ You can do anything! You could become a farmer, an intergalactic landlord, a destroyer of villages, you can even create the galaxy\'s largest drum collection!~ Cool art style~ Lots of quests and a good number of bosses~ MultiplayerCONS:~ VERY slow start in the beginning you are forced to dig to a planet\'s core to unlock planet to planet travel which takes at least an hour or two, then do several quests until you get to a boss allowing galaxy to galaxy travel with your FTL drive BUT before you do that you need a level 3 matter manipulator (your pickaxe equivalent) to collect the fuel needed for your FTL drive~ Gets grindy at the end~ laggy in NPC heavy areas if on a weaker computer"
,Recommended,211820,21932641,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,»TobyDaCorn«,"This game is mostly for you it cost $10 for me in the Christmas sale.But the 1.0 update is fantastic.The gameplay is like a upgrade version for Terarria but both games are pretty well detailed an alot ofreferences.But the Starbound sevrers are a bit laggy,Reason:when you join theres a 50% to restart the game again50% change of breaking your ship."
,Recommended,211820,25759969,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,BTDubs,derp
76561198161594774,Recommended,211820,25811161,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Zbro24,Fun but takes a while to get the hang of. Can't figure out how to do many things in the game so i have to search on the internet.
,Recommended,211820,24471232,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Frnkln421,wow
,Recommended,211820,14718370,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mar T3E,Great game if you love adventure.
,Recommended,211820,14969987,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,King Cheg,"Oh Starbound. My love. We have had a rocky relationship, haven't we?I liked starbound back before the major winter update and I still like it. I think it is a great game with great gameplay, art direction, etc. It is honestly one of my favorite games.And I really don't why some people have issues against it. The game has a lot to offer and is extremely fun, especially with friends. Many people like to think of it as terrario 2.0 in space but I believe there is more to this game.Some of the best aspects of this game include:-The Races (+ their ships, armors, weapons, etc)-The scale of the universe-The random encounters on planets with settlements, prison camps, labs, etc-The combatAnd much more.But no game is without its flaws.One of the biggest issues, in my opinion, is the fact that a lot of the planets are uninteresting. They all have some form of a random encounter as you explore but more often than not, you will be seeing the same ones over again. Something that would really help this is making some special planets that are more interesting like the various race's homeworlds for example.Also the ship upgrades are really hard to get and aren't that interesting seeing as the races have the same quests. The all are pretty much fetch quests (some of which are extremely specific things that are hard to come by naturally so most of the time you'll have google ready) with the occasional dungeon map with a boss at the end. If they could find a way to have more variety in the quests based off what you do and which race you are, it would make the experience that much more enjoyable and give players reason to try the different races.And, for me at least, the worst part is the fact that they changed needing to eat to it being a buff. This completely negates a huge chunk of content, being farming and cooking. Sometimes it was annoying to need to find food to survive but that was part of the fun. In these games you start with nothing and build yourself up to have everything. What's next? Being able to spawn in finished buildings and to have a button to give you everything? I want them to bring this back so badly because I really miss having a reason to farm [Insert saddest face you can imagine here].Now you might be saying ""Razu, why do you go over the good stuff so quickly and talk so much about the bad?""Its because what they did great is already great and the devs only have to focus on what needs improvement to make Starbound the best it could possibly be. And I honestly believe Starbound can be great and I really want to see it too."
,Recommended,211820,20748956,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Grimtongues,"Starbound takes everything I loved about Terraria and massively improves it.  The worlds are varied and wonderous, and there is an ever-present, beautiful ambience that comes from all of the little details.  The soundtrack is absolutely perfect for this type of game, inspiring a sense of wonder and the thrill that comes with exploration.The core concepts of mining, crafting, and building are all here, but without the frustrations of inventory management that plagues other similar games.  Unlike Terraria's ""house"" building for NPCs, Starbound features full-size colony building and a more robust quest system.  There is also your ship, which you can decorate and expand.Starbound also has legitimate dungeons - you cannot simply place or break blocks to avoid the obstacles.  Bosses are also geniunely challenging because you can't simply build a ""boss arena"" the way you could in Terraria or Minecraft.  The combat update just further improves everything."
,Recommended,211820,9753907,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Arya,"I love starbound, a ton of idiots say its just terraria with a spaceship. No, its not at all actully. The tier system of armour etc. is similar to terraria but they are completely different games. This one, is definately my preferred one. So if you have never played starbound, and hate it; Congrats, your a dumbass!"
,Recommended,211820,16316381,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Makky,10/10
,Recommended,211820,26798592,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Melon?,Terraria + No Man's Sky + Stardew Valley. Completely awsome with a lot of content.You should really check it if you like Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8323624,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HawiianHobo,♥♥♥♥ YEAH YOU SHOULD BUY THSISISISISIISSI
,Recommended,211820,9034837,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,MaikeL Childish,Awesome game!
,Recommended,211820,10437764,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Batnat123,"Starbound is a really good game. I'll admit that it lacks a little polish right now, but it has a lot of potential. At $15, there's no reason why you shouldn't get it."
76561198081031737,Recommended,211820,9186979,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Hamsor,"this game oh boy i hate this game but i will say this, if you have patience and/or like Terraria then you will like this game but i lack patience so i dont like it but i do recommend it  7/10... oh wait this game has mutiplayer so yea you can play with friends and stuff ... and well thats why i like Terraria but i really haven't tried it becuase i have no idea what to do but mutiplayer was fun in Terraria and im guessing its fun in starbound .....one more this i have to say one of the major down side to this is its  Terraria but cost more so if you want this game but don't have the money buy Terraria it cost less and honsetly im hope it goes to be different than just Terraria in space so yea 7/10 recommend it but i dont like it so yea"
76561198037659157,Recommended,211820,14363788,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Nathrol,"Very exciting, surprising and adventurous, this game is recommended by me to players who like exploring games, and like to find most things out by gameplay."
,Recommended,211820,8811625,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,ShadowFlame365,THIS IS THE BEST GAME OF ALL TIMEGO BUY IT OR ILL EAT UR FACE OFFNOMNOMNOM
,Recommended,211820,8000435,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,More Koalafied,Everyone of my Needs to buy this ♥♥♥♥ing its bad i love the dam chuckle fish at the beginning everytime when you game doesent feel like loading YAY but its good when it loads
,Recommended,211820,16906474,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,LightForce,"Love this game so bloody much!! Great gameplay and most importantly, the soundtrack. Everything about this game is beautifully crafted even though it's still in Early Access."
76561198054877767,Recommended,211820,8803292,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Paladin,Starbound one of the most fun I have had in a while. And its still in betaThis game dosent have many pointers of what to do but if you adventres and you like that this is you game!Contact me and we can play starbound togther
76561198278846648,Recommended,211820,30829814,Posted: 30 March,all,Tsunami!,"This game is fantasic,thats all i'm gonna say."
76561198068086028,Recommended,211820,7935172,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Orange in Spanish,yes very good
,Recommended,211820,30416408,Posted: 9 March,all,LTHC,I honestly love this game ... the story is short but it's good :)
,Recommended,211820,24681957,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,you know i had to do it to em,"PROS :-Amazing community-Amazing game-Fun in ""grinding"" ;)-Really fun with friends-Good concept-Best OST that i've listened to-Custom music-Musical instrumentsCONS :-Grindy in some places-Can get boring (usually end-game)-Not alot of content atm"
76561198106701603,Recommended,211820,26479236,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Flower Power,11/10Would eat nothing but candy bars for 11 in game weeks straight again.
76561198089808794,Recommended,211820,18549554,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,xpali2,"A while ago I was angry that they deleted all challenge and survival elements of starbound. They are finaly listening to the old alpha community and this can become the best game ever again. After they add hard survival and make sure you can run out of fuel instead of always being able to buy more there is no reason to not buy this game anymore.I've been playing for a long time. I cannot believe how far they have gotten. The team has just put all that they've got into starbound. Great job guys. And thank you for finally listening to the oldest community and their concerns about the survival disappearing.I hope you won't let us down with adding the survival back in. Because that is what starbound is a Survival game with story, not a story with survival ;)Maybe add more customization? Customizing ships, vehicles, instruments?And ofcourse space combat with or without ships maybe make the possibility of landing your ship on  a planet. More reason for customization then.What ever happened too randomly created animals?"
,Recommended,211820,29381557,Posted: 20 January,all,Ark,Really awesome game. Enjoying the feel of an upgraded Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,29952241,Posted: 15 February,all,Flashstep cs.money,"-Pros--Easy to learn-Fun, but not too involved story line-Randomly generated planets-88+ Hours spent in-game-Woth the Money I spent-Cons--Planets arent very diverse, and get boring after a while-Everything attacks you-Monsters don't take fall damage even though you do"
76561198092009221,Recommended,211820,8895346,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Barry Manilow,Omg I Cant Belive This Its A Star But THere Are Not EvEn THat MAnY STarras
,Recommended,211820,7987575,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lethal Failure,game
,Recommended,211820,8062655,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Azianpwnage | UH,"Like Terraria with infinite worlds, weapons, constant updates, and customization."
76561197980431053,Recommended,211820,8021773,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,virtualDragon,"This is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awesome, mustplay"
,Recommended,211820,24589203,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,❄Cr1tikal❄,this is one great game
76561198035800551,Recommended,211820,7993791,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,♔Koenk♔,poo
76561198135094403,Recommended,211820,24535473,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Unsung Volpine,You don't need any mods. It's a very beautiful game. I recommend this game if you like a better version of Terraria
76561198122001388,Recommended,211820,8849174,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Dougmun,"This game has soo much potential just by the single player but it has been shamed by the multiplayer, it need to be like a basic game where you start a game and it gives you the options for a <invite only> or <public> instead of having to pay a monly fee of £10.45 for a baisc sever. They need to improve thier act and not try to find ways of getting more money out of people who possibly cant afford to pay these exsessive fee's."
76561198017609618,Recommended,211820,8074461,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Thump,"Absolutely amazing, very unique.. A wide range of challenges that await your undisturbed attention. Powerful mobs to challenge your each and every move. galaxies upon galaxies to fill your curiousity. and entertain your soul.Nothing but truely amazing gaming. Similarities to terraria and FTL. but completely unique in it's own way.Although, being beta and all it's still a little rough. not the easiest. the tutorial is only about 4 quests. then you're completely on your own to figure it all out. but well worth the frustration/struggle"
76561198285278587,Recommended,211820,30564085,Posted: 16 March,all,mofer,"starbound is an exelent game about travelling, befreinding and killing"
,Recommended,211820,7989544,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Fade,BEST GAME EVER. NOTHING LIKE TERRARIA. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8395958,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Nikola,"Be careful, this game causes addiction!"
,Recommended,211820,24472182,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,I Remnant·Sword I Snow I,A very good game
,Recommended,211820,8816932,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Mr. Smiles,"What is a ""Terraria"" and why does it need ""syfy""?"
76561198118666574,Recommended,211820,10103031,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Raymond,"Great Game. Similar to Terraria except with a space theme. Near infinite amount of worlds to explore. Explorable places include Moons, Astroid fields, and Planets. Best part a huge modding community with the game built to easily accept them."
76561198123807898,Recommended,211820,25976762,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Brayden,It was awesome before but now with this new update it has increased to a new level of awesomeness because we get to learn more about the story the colony system is better and overall it is improved
,Recommended,211820,8337669,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,A Squirrel With Nuts,Starbound is a great game. It mixes space travel with building and fighting all in a 2D environment.
,Recommended,211820,8036775,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Geek,"So the game just rleased today 1.0 I have  followed and played through the entire development and all I can say is buy it. You can make colony's on any planet you want. They will pay you rent, give you quests and they will build the towns bigger by having you bring there friends there :) I have spent many hours new worlds new characters. This game is nothing like Terarria it has alot more content. I mean come on whats better than rocking out to some cstom tracks with a group playing different instruments. Ill be in starbound after my modpack is finished :) BUY THE GAME!"
,Recommended,211820,8633166,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,TOXICADE,It's a briliant game full of fun and adventure. Plus you can play with your freinds in multiplayer! There's so much to do in this action-packed game!  It's absolutley amazing!
76561198060282341,Recommended,211820,9075210,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,TepTep,#TerrariaSpace
76561198066828731,Not Recommended,211820,29970334,Posted: 16 February,all,mehmet,Lacks content.
,Recommended,211820,9036210,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheGiggityBunny,"Well, I've only played for like 24 hours now. 24 hours isn't that much time to review the game on. I can't say so much about it except that it's one of the most entertaining games I've ever played. And the graphics are really smooth and funny textured. Also I love the dynamic lightning system they have added.As I wrote I has only played 24 hours and it cept me entertained for every minute!I love the multiplayer and also the power-ups like the mech-transform or what it's called. It's a really awesome game that servs what it promises. And for a good price.Get it now!"
76561198159849014,Recommended,211820,29666904,Posted: 3 February,all,ArgoniteAxe,Simply amazing. The only thing negative is my fps is a bit unstable sometimes.
,Recommended,211820,25496853,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,A Silver Falcon,"Gameplay: 9/10Graphics: 9/10Lore: 10/10Story: 6/10Modding community: 11/10Unexplainable love for the game: 100/10This game burrowed its way into my heart and isn't leaving any time soon, I love every bit about it.Easily in my top 5."
,Recommended,211820,25502626,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,cabostein1™ 🆅🅰🅻🆅🅴,"If you need a game to spend time, buy this game, like right now"
,Recommended,211820,25504943,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,yuilynne,It's very addicting and very fun to play with friends!I like how big planets and places you can explore!11/10 would recommend.
76561198141468229,Recommended,211820,22322673,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Obscurity,"To me, this is a better version of Terraira.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,29828090,Posted: 10 February,all,Stef_15,Its a very fun game very the same as terraria i like it!
76561198292910480,Recommended,211820,23718467,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,UltimateLemon_,"This game is the best game ive ever played on my pc. Firstly because it runs smoothly on my unmodded pc. Secondly i have  huge intrest in games that makes you explore and build but minecraft or terraria is nothing to the complexity of Starbound. Lastly i recomend Starbound to all people that like exploration, building and creating."
,Recommended,211820,7924354,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,King Baddabing,Its the terraria you actually wanted.
76561198132761007,Recommended,211820,16147164,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,PotatoBigFella,"I have spent many hours on this and i have had it for merely 2-3 weeks. Every day I would come home and go straight to my computer and play this for hours upon hours-and I still do xD! This game has EXTREME amounts of funny, rage-inducing, serious, and sad moments. There are TONS of weapons and armor and items to find and fight with! So, don't use your 15 dollars on unboxing for CS:GO or TF2, buy Starbound! :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDD"
,Recommended,211820,8415939,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,sexyloe,"This game is really awesome how it already is, and it's only in Beta. You can just watch it grow and develop to be one of the most brilliant games ever!"
76561197972391867,Recommended,211820,8021458,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Providence-Kek Vult,"Very fun game. Although it is only in early beta, it still runs well and has a lot to do. It is the game I was waiting for and I am very satisfied with it. Definitely worth the small price of 14.99."
76561198066106266,Recommended,211820,7990713,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Natha,"This game is amazing. It has an endless amount of content to be discover. The gameplay is very smooth and is not hard at all once you learn the basics. It's very exciting when you jump into different planets because you never know what you're ever going to encounter. Setting up a server for you and your friends has never been easier! Simply click on 'launch server' when the client opens up and it'll do its thing. Just make sure you have the appropriate ports opened. Playing with friends makes this game much more fun also. This game will offer you endless days of fun. This game is going to be huge! I would definitely reccomend, best $15 bucks I've spent on Steam so far."
,Recommended,211820,25416841,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,MaxDDF,Amazing!
76561198171303107,Recommended,211820,24540025,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Brian_Da_Lion,The Best With All Of The Things that happened It Blew My Mind!
76561198115984025,Recommended,211820,24466108,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Axie,"Finally its in 1.0 i almost gave up hope, time to sink 100s of hours into it :D"
,Recommended,211820,24466279,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Enderking8888,"This game has gotten really far from what it was 3 years ago, and this update is unimaginable from that time,but given 3 years and a good team, this update became imaginable with loads of things like; every planet you explore has its own adventure, almost every weapon in a chest is really unique from its abilities, colors, damage, and more, every boss fight you go through is epic and challenging and can reward you with even more weapons which are insanely overpowered, the battle system in this game is incomparable to any other game (screw you Minecraft 1.9, called ""The Battle Update""), the NPC's and colonists you can find all have unique personalities and actually feel like they're alive and can experience emotions (unlike squidward npcs in Minecraft), and I can go on about the monsters, the diversity of planets, quests, upgrades to your ship and tools, multiplayer system, and much, much more in this extremely well done game that has hours upon days or even weeks of exploration, if you haven't bought this game yet, you need to without any second thoughts, every second I've played this game is priceless compared to how much I paid for it. Thank you so much Chucklefish for making the best game of all time.Also I have over 86 hours into this game because of Unstable's hours don't show up in here"
,Recommended,211820,24466303,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kinotsu,Can't believe this game is finally out of Early Access! I've been waiting so many years for them to finally release the completed version of the game before I started getting really into it and I can't wait to start playing! Congrats to the developers for all your hard work! <3If you're a fan of retro futuristic sidescrollers with 16-bit pixel art goodness and lots of crafting and building with RPG elements then you won't regret it!
,Recommended,211820,24469148,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zabdi,"Great game! The only thing that I found wrong with it is entirely my fault. I finished every aspect of the game besides creativity. I finished the quests, but I had not even begun to think about making a city. To thoroughly enjoy this game take the quests slowly, in my opinion.~Zabdi"
,Recommended,211820,24474696,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Muscovite Peasant (sic!),"The game is VERY complicated, but I advise everyone to play!Because the game is really well-made and has a lot of possibilities ( as it was said in the trailer ), mainly. The surviving is pretty interesting ( although you would probably die a lot if you,ve just started to play ) , and the game has wonderful graphics and really cool design. BUT it has A LOT of things to understand while you play, so I advise at first to use wiki.P.S. The final boss is really hard, so prepare well."
,Recommended,211820,24487285,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Dragon Snout,"Hot damn, this game was great when i got it back in 2014 i think, and now that its in 1.0 the improvements are amazing, I reccomend buying especially since its only 15$ at full price and it also goes on sale quite often. (may i just add that alot of songs in the ost never get old)"
,Recommended,211820,24604908,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,A Rather Spooky Christmas,You should buy multiple copies of this game and give it to people who look sad
76561197973204232,Recommended,211820,24798784,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Tesh,"Starbound is a good mix of proceduraly generated worlds, with some hand crafted content.The crafting is meaningful and the worlds are varied and interesting enough to hold your attention for a while.There's a few storyline quests with ""dungeons"" and bosses, mixed up with some generated quests. The universe and characters all have a goofy sort of charm to them which somewhat makes up for the lack of varied missions.Despite the Lo-Fi aesthetics, it does have some really cool lighting effects, the water and soft body physics are also a pretty cool and surprising bit of tech in this game."
76561198080321678,Recommended,211820,7946164,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Eduard Laser,AWESOME GAME !! Starbound is like Minecraft 2D meets Borderlands !
,Not Recommended,211820,24641267,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Metal Tails,its NOT ok.Still crashes on load.I want my money back.
,Recommended,211820,12748353,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Lord Blaident,Don't buy this yet. At this point it's way to underdeveloped. Sure it's fun but don't expect terraria or minecraft level of quality. This is one game I can say I regret buying.I was wrong.Ver very very wrong. The newest update has added a bunch of more content and I have been playing it none stop as of late. The game is going to be fantastic once it's done and I can fully recommend it.
76561198025670310,Recommended,211820,10234750,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,KaiserDoom,Yesh buy dis game and adventa with meh across deh stars. Yeah buy it its great and terrific in exploration.
76561198137678312,Recommended,211820,10238197,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Plexatron,"Although this game is still in beta, it is an enjoyable experience. It's great to be able to land on a random planet and explore, loot dungeons, fight monsters, and destroy an npc's property (for now). What it lacks will likely be fixed as it is updated, so although it doesn't feel like a complete game whatsoever, I feel it's worth the fifteen bucks. And if you check out the forums, a lot of the things that are looking to be implemented are pretty cool! It will just keep getting better and better."
,Recommended,211820,10421845,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,ODEX,This game looks like an even bigger trip then terraria.It has planets.SOVIET SNAIL APPROVES!
,Recommended,211820,10210053,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,misha be back dec2017,♥♥♥♥♥ 7/10
,Recommended,211820,10223790,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Edgy Teen,This game is the definition of White Power
76561198043874517,Recommended,211820,10728825,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Interrobang,"I'm very excited for the future updates of this game! It has a great side-scrolling adventure feel, but the ability to build and shape your surroundings and travel to other planets makes it so much more. Still in dev, but very playable and very enjoyable right now.Definitely worth more than the price and it isn't even done yet."
76561198044972340,Recommended,211820,19973860,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Necropolis,"Yeah, It's kind of a Terraria ripoff. But it's an awesome one."
76561198010021421,Recommended,211820,30114154,Posted: 22 February,all,eniTTy,"This game had all it needed for me to enjoy it. I keep seeing people complain about the combat and boss fights, i honestly love the combat in this game. To be fair, it seems to me that the people hating on this game just didn't spend enough time, or didn't really get into the core features of the game. It is what it is, and i really liked this game. I might add that i have hundreds of hours in Terraria as well, so in comparison, they are both great in their own ways."
76561198285136947,Recommended,211820,24465127,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Figgy2341,Awesome!
76561198126625647,Recommended,211820,14908916,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Waifutacular!,"this game is amazing especialy in its current update, but i am having a game-breaking bug that doesnt let the game start up. watch out for that."
76561198094054194,Recommended,211820,15007506,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jp,So many thing to go and if you fiensh it once go back and do it with another race you can go forvere there are more galaxies than particals on our earth soo much fun
76561197968427479,Recommended,211820,15249280,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,AlexFili,This is a lot more than just a Terraria clone. It feels like a huge expansive world filled with many things to explore. Each planet feels different and the crafting system seems to be varied enough to keep players coming back. The races look and feel distinctive and the tutorial quest is a big improvement over the previous one. Mining using the manipulator is a great way to start out and torches are of course highly important to a good questing experience. I'm looking forward to what new features are added over time.
,Recommended,211820,14261808,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sirrockyqo,"You know that thing called patience?Did you know that this patience has been payed off?Stop reading, wait no, I need to tell you to buy the game first.Okay, now stop reading."
76561198157158607,Recommended,211820,14442136,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Mac Milla,"I have only played a little of this game but from what i have played i can tell you that this is well worth the money. The content in this game is amazing and the little details are very cool. I personally have played alot of the game with friends and thats where i think it is most fun. Exploring planets, taking down missions and mining is much better with friends to talk to. Overall i think this game has a lot of content and well worth the money.Back to the game!"
76561198056634278,Recommended,211820,14485835,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Donif #Phleenha,Lolcats suk my♥♥♥♥♥
76561198053749505,Recommended,211820,14495458,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Slothbear Panty Bandito,"I have waited forever to enjoy this gem. The lag was too much to bear at launch, but even on a low end laptop I can run Starbound smoothly and enjoy all the lovely facets of it. Just as I intended months ago. Ha!Thanks devs!"
,Recommended,211820,14516369,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,HHDk,After the legend of terraria this sucessor seems to be an important game of survival history. Though there arerumors and haters already. For upbeat giraffe: this update shows starbound needs to focus on more quests. Still an egg starting to crack. We'll wait and see the end of theirs story.
76561198033419948,Recommended,211820,14542096,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dr3n0x,nice Game
76561197976015137,Recommended,211820,14553589,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,TrajedyRaines - Twitch.tv,"Please help i keep getting BSOD while playing and it deletes all my progress. I have started from scratch 5 times now due to various errors, please keep bug fixing so i can hopefully play without fear of losing everything, perhaps a steam cloud sync for saves?"
76561198061835156,Recommended,211820,14704621,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Portal In Time,"This is honestly one of the best games I've got.It has beautiful graphics, smooth gameplay, the controls feel natural, and the game itself feels almost limitless. The absolutely beautiful music makes this game extremely immersive, and the lore, found in the codex (and can be added on with more findable stories) although not yet finished, is more than enough to give you the right feel about the starbound universe. The fanbase and community are just lovely, treating this game like it's a classic.10/10, I've supported this game every way I can, from merch to buying the soundtrack."
,Recommended,211820,14717066,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,VonVoulf,"The game's newest update made the game a lot more complex and fun. The addition of more quests and the editing of how you're able to progress through the universe makes it more likely that you'll be well equipped for the next tier of worlds. This Indie game has surpassed any expectations I would generally place on any others through its AI systems, AI buildings (villages, spaceports, or stand alones), the way you can navigate, lack of bugs, and the equipment you're able to obtain and upgrade. I was expecting a space-y Terraria when I purchased this but it was and has evoloved to be so, so much more. The only thing that I could ask for that's more from the makers would be to make creating a simpler to use multiplayer setup so that you can play with your friends without a large hassle. Other than that, the game is beautiful and I can't wait to see what the future holds for it."
,Recommended,211820,14721136,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,k e r m i t t,terraria in space while  having more species and monsters this is really an amazing game.
,Recommended,211820,14885750,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Doublestrand,"When I first brought this game I thought it was a good game, plenty of content to keep me ocupied for at least 50 hours. Now as the game has progressed in its beta stages it contiues to please me with its new stuff expanding its already bulging at the seams universe. Has my love, I can't wait to see it coming out of Beta if it is fun already."
76561198140757221,Recommended,211820,14956352,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Echoes,"It's a very 2d game which is one of my faviort games,its fun,amazing,lots of weapons to get or craft,fun missions,cool pets,ship upgrades,and ETC. I think people should buy this game even if it's in BETA it's still very fun and enjoyable.So i hope people will buy this game like i did :D."
76561198095731947,Recommended,211820,14971999,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,no,"An amazing game! I love the graphics and how it can be played almost like Minecraft (You can join online servers when connected to Wi-fi and you can still play when you don't have Wi-fi, just you cant play on a server without Wi-fi). If you're into pixelated survivor free-realm platformers, then this is a perfect game for you!"
,Recommended,211820,15224880,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,CowPow79,This is a great multiplayer game! I'm writing this review so I can save my home coordinates which are: -330339472 -387846138 Gamma Marsin Minoris IV a
,Recommended,211820,15237912,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,TRIGGERED ALBINO,"An amazingly crafted game. Think Terraria with a quest system and space exploration along with many planets instead of being confined into one world. The graphic style looks awesome and no matter if it's pixelated or not, this game is beautiful. There so much content that you will almost ever get bored and even if you get everything the updates currently are frequent. I would give this game a 9.3/10."
,Recommended,211820,15245514,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Dustymellon,Rob should get it and ill pay him later
,Recommended,211820,15180303,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Homer (Sterling Archer),"Very similar to Terraria.  Even more fun with friends.Requires access to an internet browser for recipes and what not, similar to Terraria and Minecraft.And just like Minecraft and Terraria, after a while it gets boring, but still a fun game."
,Recommended,211820,29141651,Posted: 9 January,all,🎃HAUNTED CRYSTAL🎃,Pretty neat.
76561198047847138,Recommended,211820,8097683,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Sloth,Travel the stars and paint your mark across the universe :D Limitless planets has me staying up nights exploring.
,Recommended,211820,24888197,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,[RIP] Comrade Pusheen,Great Game
76561198058949093,Recommended,211820,29148009,Posted: 9 January,all,speedball57,"While you can build stuff in a lot of games, this is one of the few that makes it feel like *exploration* is happening as well. There's dozens of biomes or dungeon types to discover across your universe. I found a place made of eyeballs with a chest in it with blueprints to make furniture of eyeballs. Seriously.Everyone else will tell you that the mechanics are okay, but what this game has that so many others lack is atmosphere and personality. All the different NPCs you find enhance the gameplay by just that little amount.I highly reccomend this game based on all sorts of things I can't even get into yet. It'll be well worth your time, though."
76561198081073126,Recommended,211820,24471645,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mugglewump,"A really great game! c:A must have- spent tons of time on this game. Keeps me entertained for a very long time, if you are hesitant, you have my full approval. Hard to get bored in this game as you can join servers and import custom items and mods etc. I am confident you will like this game. (you can always refund if you don't lmao)(All my were characters reset on the 1.0 update ;u;Though I am exited to start afresh c:)"
,Recommended,211820,13819163,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Mr. Chicken nipples,"In S̶t̶a̶r̶b̶o̶u̶n̶d̶ Terraria, you take on the role of a character who's just fled from their h̶o̶m̶e̶ ̶p̶l̶a̶n̶e̶t̶ spawn, only to c̶r̶a̶s̶h̶-̶l̶a̶n̶d̶ walk on another. From there you'll embark on a quest to survive, discover, explore and fight your way across an i̶n̶f̶i̶n̶i̶t̶e̶ ̶u̶n̶i̶v̶e̶r̶s̶e̶ limited world!"
76561198073802793,Recommended,211820,29146995,Posted: 9 January,all,Juppe,I haven't played this much yet but im enjoying it more than terraria.
,Recommended,211820,24887652,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MysteriousDoge RBLX,This game is amazing I love the pixel art in the game and Its space based survival I recommend buying this!
76561198128164712,Recommended,211820,10300466,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,BloodWulf,u can wear a horse head all u need to know
76561197978063007,Recommended,211820,27989427,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Gameghis Khan,"Great game, but seriously...the music is top notch."
76561198090821026,Recommended,211820,9805670,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/Kaydabeast,very cool game and very different
,Recommended,211820,27000272,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Les,"This is an absolutely great game, and even without the mods its pretty amazing. I usually get an inventory and storage extender mod, but I absolutely love it. I began playing when it was in beta, and then I picked it back up in alpha and now that it is in final release I couldnt be happier with it. Its a game that I could sit down and play consecutively for hours on end."
76561198079363861,Recommended,211820,8864680,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Killerrookie56,If you like terraria and minecraft this is the game for you. Travel through an endless galaxy. Gear up to the teeth or Start a new civil planet to start a village. Play with friends anything you want to do this is the game. Fight Bosses and creatures. GET IT NOW
,Recommended,211820,8193183,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cyvirus11,Has anyone heard the saying terraria is minecraft but 2D well basic say that about this but this has an awsomeamised upgrade to it from terraria it has more features like space travel and many more i highly recomend this game to all
,Recommended,211820,8027184,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BoganHogboon,"Starbound is great, on the first few seconds of playing i got hooked, now my whole social lfe has died"
,Recommended,211820,8017512,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,JohnMallard,"I know everyone says ""oh look at the terraria rip off"" and honestly it's on a different level. This game has much more to do, it's way more creative and fun and for 15$ it's great."
,Recommended,211820,25589857,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,HAPPY HOLIDAYS,"Incredible game, although it does suffer a little bit from No Man's Sky syndrome. It does have a lot more stuff though, and a great soundtrack.Also you can play virtually any song in this game so 10/10"
76561198057115476,Recommended,211820,9009563,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,BigWeeb2017,this game is amazing for the first time i sort of knew what to expect but i didn't  but what i didnt expect was instuments techs and guns i recently bought it for my friend and he likes it  there is multiplayer if you didnt know and theres a huge amount of mods which are extremely easy to install also when i mentioned that there were musical instuments you can add your own songs. this game is survival game based like terraria and minecraft which i have and i reccomend it to all players.
76561198040183385,Not Recommended,211820,24678321,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,veritas135,"This release is trash, friends.  Please notice my hours played and trust me here.Early release had amazing potential.  I truly loved it, far more than similar games.  Sadly, full release has none of the universe-sized sandbox charm of the development versions.  I am so unhappy with how this game has turned out, I am actually embarrassed to have talked it up so much in social media.  Chucklefish clearly lost all sight of this project over the years."
,Recommended,211820,24641681,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Wilo,"I dropped this game mid 2015 because it had changed so much since I had first tried it in 2014. I thought the game was permanently changed from what I wanted, But I picked it back up the summer of 2016 and had the most fun i've had in the game in just 4 hours. This is the only good example I can see of a company fixing their game to what the player wants x)"
,Recommended,211820,24641837,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Super Salami,"played since beta love this gzme and now with the modding community going nuts on this game gives it 1,000 more hours of play time. 20 stars"
,Recommended,211820,24641858,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Thetimetravler,Now that this game has a story and many more thing to do it really drags you in to a cool new world that almost never ends with moons and plants with different monsters for each one
76561198094709093,Recommended,211820,24641939,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,coRnflake,Honestly one of my favorite games. GET IT ITS SO WORTH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Oh and aso the soundtrack is great.
,Recommended,211820,24476912,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,-=ج.س.ث=-,This game has gotten so much better over the years I've played it I started back in the early beta and it has changed SO MUCH and is so much better 10/10
,Recommended,211820,10205518,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,OGPolarBear,This game is way better then terraria and is so fun!!
76561198087467381,Recommended,211820,25106127,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Fefe the prog,"I am not going to point out all the awesome features, cons and pros of this game because that is already pointed out much better than I can do, but when I play this game, my heart is like ""Why you touch me man? Y u do dis??""Play this game if you like these types of games, you wont regret it."
76561198073952326,Recommended,211820,8008737,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Loookouttt,Great game kinda like terraria but you have a space ship and a never ending universe. Fun to play even more fun with friends! Hope more people will get this amazing game lots of weapons armor minerals worlds monsters! Cant wait to play some more with the rest of my friends! :D PS apple
,Not Recommended,211820,24953619,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Gordoth,"I have played the game for a while and I concluded there was a need for a review. Sadly, the game doesn't achieve what it has seemingly aimed to achieve.Part of the reason I got this game was due to the tag ""RPG"" in the game's tags. However, the ""RPG"" elements of Starbound are so pathetic it's saddening. There is no player choice what-so-ever.First: I encountered many villages of sentient beings and even if i were to be roleplaying, I wouldn't be able to kill these sentient creatures due to the fact there is no way to kill them, therefore I cannot roleplay as an evil character.Second: I had a few NPCS forced upon me by the game, even though there is always a text message from said NPCs that they will join me. And I have no say in the matter.Third: The Apex race has a funny twist to it - it is inspired by the novel 1984, but that is the only funny thing about it. There is nothing I could do when the game forced me to side with the rebels and fight the equivalent of the Big Brother, the ""Big Ape"". Why couldn't I side WITH the Big Ape and fight the rebels? Because the game isn't good.There are more problems with the game, mainly concerning the fact you can just fall off the world when you dig down in a barren planet, and you still lose your things. What? This concept makes no sense.The fact you cannot derive information from the UI. I do not know how much health I have unless I look at my inventory screen - the red line in the UI is practically telling me I have health, nothing more. I require precise numbers, not pretty pictures. Same applies for the Energy and hunger stats - I learn a little about them from my inventory screen, but there is, so far, no way to view the current value of my hunger, health of energy stat.The fact that the amount of damage things do to your character is insane in the later stages of the game, and even with the best armor available to me, I still die in 2 hits, each dealing 70+ damage to me, which is unrealistically unbalanced. I supposedly have armor which is made out of the rarest metal in the universe, which also means this metal is TOUGH. But apparently every mob can do whatever it wants to me.Let us not mention the uselessness of the armor stat, which is just sitting there for decoration and nothing more.Other than that, read a few of the positive reviews and you will see why the game is ""good"". I wouldn't say that, but I do not deny it has a certain charm."
,Recommended,211820,10293899,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Lewd Kouhai,Updated everyday for the first week. Now it doesn't update at all. GG developers and your brand new early access only model. It plays good however and is an overall ok game. 7/一些数
,Recommended,211820,30829601,Posted: 30 March,all,Spooky Takayu,"2D sidescrolling Minecraft with Terraria's mechanics, except way more futuristic.Pros:+Literally an infinite universe to explore. The original (and most likely better) No Man's Sky.+You can get a crew for your ship. At least your ingame self won't be lonely.+Also, penguins. As your crew.+You can get an eyeball that shoots lasers and grenades as a weapon. Why haven't you gotten this game yet?+You can build (almost) anywhere, be it a planet where the sun never rises to hone your edge skills or a magma-covered planet because...uh...I don't even know why you'd want to live in such a place. You can also get tenants who are actually crazy enough to want to live in those houses you built on lava! And they pay you for it! And the pay becomes higher, the more hostile the environment is! Damn crazy masochists.+The modding possibilities for this game are infinite.+Background music is pretty catchy.+Even without mods, your attention will be taken for awhile with how big the game is. Or if you're like me, you'll attempt to get a reading and search every furniture, block, tree or ore just to see what your character has to say about it.Cons:-Dreadwing-You get a cool spaceship with turrets and all, but no space wars? Booooo.-Dreadwing-Even with an infinite universe to explore, every planet will eventually get repetitive since the only difference you'll notice for most planets are the structures and whatever biome it is.-A bit confusing for first time players. The game just throws everything at you all at once and expects you to survive.-The story is straightforward and meh, but that's not really supposed to be the focus of this game anyways.-Dreadwing-Seriously, screw Dreadwing. You don't know how many bandages I wasted just to bring his UFO-riding butt to the ground....Dreadwing hate aside, I recommend it if you want to get lost in a surprisingly large game with so much to do. For being such a simple 2D sidescroller, it brings a lot of creativity and imagination into the table."
76561198116424865,Recommended,211820,15186172,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Zord,Would be great if they could make the launcher a little bit smaller.
,Recommended,211820,16538556,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,VinniHp,"Thought I'd give my two cents about this little gem.I was pretty sketchy to buy this game, to me it was terraria with a different look... well it is... in a sense, but holy ♥♥♥♥, I did not anticipate the fun I'd get from this, really, and I'm not even that into survival-like games, like minecraft, terraria, etc, this game nails everything, from soundtrack to custom decoration items, it's so fun, I'd say it's a pretty solid 8/10, it's just... so fun man... so fun...ᶳᵒ ᶠᵘᶰ"
,Recommended,211820,15780541,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Maccaroni,*writes a long and descripive review*everyone dislikes itwtf srsly
,Recommended,211820,15791279,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,McClarran,"I've seen a great many reviews already pointing out everything I would have, so I'll point to them. Did you like Terraria? You'll like this. Do you like the idea of soaring around the galaxy in a spaceship and adventuring through procedurally generated worlds? You'll like this.I'm going to touch on two features that I'd say really, really make this game shine: Modding Support, and Plans to Come.Modding support. It exists, guys. And it's beautiful. Starbound, by itself, is a wonderful game, but it becomes something exceptional when you dip into the modding community. Want to do some science? Frackin' Universe has a lab coat and quest trees for you. Just want to build? There's a Creative Mode mod out there! The library of cool mods is only getting bigger, and as the game progresses, even more cool features will no doubt be added (Which the mod makers will immediately pounce on and make beautiful things with).Plans to Come. As of this review, I can't really say I know their plans. But I can see it forming. The groundwork for colonization has already been laid, there's a spooky semi-Lovecraftian ruin that hints at an ancient evil, and the Outpost is definitely just begging for even more stuff to be done to it. There's hints everywhere of an even bigger universe, just dying for its story to be told, and for you to become a main character in it.So, should you buy Starbound? Floransss think you would be sssilly not to. Grab some friendsss, and hunt!"
76561198041024763,Recommended,211820,17683555,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TCT | Resonat,"I have played this game a lot more as of late, and honestly, it's just gotten a lot more fun. Take into account the mods available, you have a lot of replayability. Another thing that must be brought up is the music; it is nowhere near chiptune, it is more along the lines of beautiful orchestral songs that are somber, happy, awesome, or even all at once. All in all, if you like terraria, you'll like this game!"
76561198137388169,Recommended,211820,17564038,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,SamTheCow,"If Space Engineers and Terraria had a child together, this is what you'd get.  Build anything anywhere is this proceedural universe packed with fun and adventure!"
,Not Recommended,211820,17761657,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Sir Blackbear,Getting multiplayer setup is probably the longest process every. It really isn't even worth it beyond that point.
,Recommended,211820,14711606,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,slipper ass cheeks,As soon as I joined this game I got killed by a lizard. 10/10 would get killed again
76561198042741610,Recommended,211820,7986051,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Alexmhi,You see that buy button click it.... why didn't you click it yet?
,Recommended,211820,9313841,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,MrWetToast,Its pretty fun worth the money
76561198063567779,Recommended,211820,19695530,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Atlas,"This game is beautiful. It doesnt have the action that Terraria has (I recommend Terraria over this), but it's so relaxing that I    would give this 8/10."
,Recommended,211820,7932995,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Negroid,pretty FUN
,Recommended,211820,18006831,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Dlohaloco,"If you liked Terraria, you will like this sci-fi version. Turns Terraria into a space survival game and is really fun when you play with friends. Explore galaxies and different kinds of planets for sick loot."
,Recommended,211820,17458683,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,LoonkU,"Everything about this game is absolutely beautiful, the music, the infinte unvierse, the mission, the lore, just everything about this game still continues to amaze me. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone, it's just a fantastic game and well worth the price.Enjoy :D"
76561198257008877,Recommended,211820,25415271,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Yanniert,I recommend this game. Clearly this is the space exploration game that should of been hyped. I told a friend about this since he has been tricked with No man's lie and the day after I tell him to play Starbound he came to me and thanked me.But in all honesty the only ones who should be thanked are the devs.Thanks for the amazing game.
,Recommended,211820,24469360,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,hype af for skyline,"Very good game, Besides the fact you can't make your character a cat or dog, great game, Fun with friends."
,Recommended,211820,17950738,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Xan,"TL;DR - Starbound = Terraria + Crouching + Items + Space + Planets + Ships + RacesStarbound is a 8/10 on my personal scale (Which is judged by my personal enjoyment and the atmosphere the game is throwing at me)This game is a lot of fun. So what are my favorite things?• The soundtrack is absolutely beautiful. It's very nice and all feels cohesive to the gameplay (Especially if you do what I do and RP on Starbound)• Modding! Modding in this game isSUPER FREAKING EASY. I managed to get my 9 year old sister to learn how to mod. She had NO IDEA how to code before. (She made a .. weird .. hat)• Gameplay - This game is most certainly unique from other games like this, and the fact that it's pretty much original is nice.There's more I can go over, but I find it hard to explain. Istronglyrecommend you purchase this game."
,Recommended,211820,7959737,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Belgar,"Good graphics, Good gameplay, AWESOME soundtrack... no words to explain! just buy it, worth every cent!"
,Recommended,211820,32298694,Posted: 9 June,all,woodeline,"This game is one of my favorite video games of all time. I have only had it for a few months but I can Imagine that I will spend hundreds of hours playing this game in the future. I highly reccomend this game to anyone who likes open world, adventure, pixel, survival, or multiplayer games."
,Recommended,211820,24864970,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,The Best Nerd,"List of questions you should ask yourself before buying this game:Insanely disappointed by No Man's Sky?Wish Terraria was in space?Want a relaxing stay on a small planet in your wooden cabin?Want more blocks than you know what to do with?Want to be chased by a spooky moon ghost?Want to shoot up mutants that were created by a sentient crystal?Want to mod EVERYTHING?Want to fill a space ship with a ton of chickens?Want to die by acid rain?Want to die in a pit of tar?Want to die in a blaze of death?Want to die in the extreme frost?Want to die by the wings of a penguin piloting a spaceship?Want to die by the hands, tentacles, and other appendages of other insane bosses?Want to go through the dumbest quest system of all time in order to get to those bosses?"
,Recommended,211820,17927667,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Sencored,Find human RV park looking place. See dog. Love dog. See bird. Hate bird. Bird kills dog. Kill bird. Vow to kill every bird. Find Avian village. All birds. See red. Steal all of their stuff. They begin to attack. I wipe out the whole village one by one. Killing many unarmed innocent citizens.10/10 Would commit genocide to avenge a random dog again.
,Recommended,211820,9211002,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Tsuken,"I know what you're thinking. This is just Terraria. Right? No, it's way more complicated than that. It's Terraria in the same vein that games like Titanfall are Call of Duty, or even how Fallout 3 is just Fallout with new graphics.It plays a LOT like Terraria in the beginning. You're scrounging for ore on some world, and coal, and making torches and hopefully making bases so you can keep all your hard-earned stuff safe. That's sort of where the similarities end, however. Terraria itself has a tendency to get bland based on the fact that you're seeing the same stuff over and over again. In Starbound, you're able to build your base on afreakin' spaceship. And you can use that spaceship to go to new worlds. Initially you're limited to a single sector, but as you progress, you gain access to new items, and unlock new sectors with harder enemies and higher frequency of better ores. Aside from just the gameplay, the sense of discovery is extremely strong, the soundtrack is excellent, and while the combat could use some polish, that's more or less the only detractor. This isn't a game about fighting monsters. It's a game about building cool stuff, and finding cool stuff. It's all about discovery.All in all it's a great game that you could play for hours without realizing it. And this is coming from someone who played a good amount of Terraria. It's just better in every way."
76561198119607743,Recommended,211820,27381102,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Foryx,not bad
76561197990770147,Recommended,211820,26832641,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Tanku,"A great experience, especially with friends.Depth of the game can be quite amazing and exploring never feels repetitive (unlike OTHER games).10/10, would blow up a penguin again!"
,Recommended,211820,28174332,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Kristovski,Awesome Game
76561198034935991,Recommended,211820,24966266,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Tsunnen,"To put it short, Starbound is a Terraria-like game where you are the sole survivor from a planet wide catastrophe and must save the universe from a deadly menace. To put it even shorter, it's everything that No Man's Sky should have delivered, in 2D pixelart graphics.It's random generated, so you will have a huge universe with a lot of stars to explore, mine resources, craft tools and equipment, hunt monsters to aquire food, build a house/bunker/shelter/headquarters... the usual stuff we do in this kind of game plus RPG mechanics.The game features a random generated side quests, to further expand the game though it gets boring fast due to how simple these quests are. Even the main quest becomes tiring fast because you will be doing the same iteration of actions over and over again:talk to the old lady, travel to a certain type of planet, craft the life support required to survive in that environment, scan stuff, talk to the old hag again and complete a mission. It lacks variety and this is unacceptable in a game like this. Aside the main quest, there's not much else to do (just a fossil gathering minigame and buidling a colony to have people moving in) and I hope the devs expand the endgame soon, because even after 53 hours I still didn't have enough of Starbound.The game is addicting to the point you just can't stop playing. Gathering resources and exploring the planet becomes an obsession. There are many different biomes and structures hidden underground and it is so rewarding to beam up back to the ship with your inventory full of resources that's really difficult to know when to stop. And believe me, you will have to die and lose ALL of your loot to acknowledge that you should have beamed up hours ago.There's no leveing up in this game, you have to craft weapons and armor to become stronger and able to survive the more aggressive fauna present in some planets. With greater risks comes greater rewards, so obviously you will want to explore more dangerous planets. The variety of weapons and armors are worth mentioning and I am sure that every player will find just the gear more suited to his playstyle. The customization is beautiful as well. You can choose your race, your gender, customize the visuals and there's plenty of clothing items to find out there in the game. Each race have its own story and lore, accessible reading books and articles hidden throughout the universe.Technically, Starbound needs some serious optimization. The game crashed often, it was a pain to set it to run fullscreen (the options menu just didn't work at all) and there's some AWFUL stuttering, even though I'm running the game on a fairly powerful rig. When there's much stuff going on the framerate drops and I had to deal with the input lag and enemies appearing in your face.Despite having the permakill featured Hardcore difficulty, I wish the game were more difficult. The AI is terrible, the enemies just charge towards you, making the combat fairly easy and disappointing. Your allies and crew members can't even notice they are standing in a pool of poison taking damage, for crying out loud.The game is amazing but I feel forced to give it a 8/10 score, because of the technical issues and lack of quest variety and endgame content. Give us more Starbound to enjoy, Chucklefish!"
,Recommended,211820,33262650,Posted: 4 July,all,Silvex,Like Terraria but better
,Recommended,211820,9300409,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,kent,"Really good game, if you dont with to buy because you believe it is a terraria clone, do not think of it like that! Think of it as a sort of expansion!"
76561198057852155,Recommended,211820,25402967,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,MorganLily,Starbound is great.Enough said really. But for those that are looking at the game after not playing for a while since beta. One tip. Crafting is no longer instant.
76561198032711297,Recommended,211820,17495330,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,deagan.ryan,This game is nice but eventually is just mineing and the bosses become impossible!
76561198153490863,Recommended,211820,32870015,Posted: 27 June,all,J E T S P E E D,It's similar to Terraria but still very different and totally unique. You can create and customize your character and choose a race and you can follow the story or free-play. You can travel to many planets and fly around in space on a hoverbike or in a mech suit. The story is simple but also pretty cool and not cliche. You can customize your spaceship or make a spacestation and that's amazing. You can form a crew for your ship and space travels. Multiplayer is fun and always great. There are many planet biomes and each planet is big and has a variety of structures and quests. You can also explore dungeons and fight mini-bosses and bosses and get loot
,Recommended,211820,9167478,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Neil smoke Degrass Tyson,420 XD
76561198066011604,Recommended,211820,9144671,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Makaroshka,This game is awsome but it does have its ups and downs like lack of content and lack of ''excitement'' since later on it gets repetetive but thats how I felt during playing it. But beyond that Starbound is one of my favorite games and in my opinion better than terraria. I recommend people to buy it if your looking for a sandbox survival adventure game! The dungeons are realy awsome and exciting!
,Recommended,211820,24638062,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Chillah,"Of every computer game I've ever played in my life, none have ever been as addicting and fun as Starbound, with a couple of exceptions. Starbound is like an infinite universe with its expansive and abundant worlds. The whole concept of space travel is new, and let's not forget the beautiful graphics, either. The soundtrack is unforgettable, too.Fair warning, by the way. There will be some spoilers.Graphics9.5/10The graphics are absolutely wonderful; pleasing to the eyes and show texture well. All I can really complain about are the graphics for the stuff like the characters. Other than that, everything looks amazing, and I especially love all of the detail focused on the small things like the HUD icons. The graphics of Starbound are one of the biggest components of why I love it so much.Soundtrack/Music8/10The soundtrack is really nice. I feel like some of the music could've used some more variety, since about 80% of them have that ""On the Beach"" feel to it. Other than that, though, the music is really good and really does set the mood and atmosphere. It adds adrenaline especially in caves, boss fights, and the such.Combat7/10Ah, combat. This is the most common reason for negative reviews. I don't think the combat is as horrendous and fungus-infested everyone says it is. I think the combat is just fine. If we can include all the weapons with combat, then I'd give it at least a 7/10. There is so much variety to the combat. There are so many weapons and nothing feels unoriginal. I have no issue with how the fighting works, and, although there's room for improvement, it's not bad at all.Storyline6.5/10Not everything about this game could have been perfect, and the storyline/main quests and such are what makes this game repetitive after you complete the story. All of the bosses are rather easy just as long as you have the right tier armor and a lot of healing items. Some bosses like Asra Nox are incredibly easy because they all have patterns, and Asra's fights can just be avoided by spike sphering to the ceiling.Another point I would like to make is that there is no endgame to Starbound. If you complete all the rather easy main quests, you beat each of the bosses which aren't very hard, and then Starbound is just the same as it was before. Chucklefish, you are far from done with this storyline!So, this wraps it up. Overall, I think Starbound deserves a positive from me- a very positive if I could. The only things I dislike about this game are the bugs. Nothing else. Starbound is a great game and I highly recommend it to anyone who's willing to take a long-term and fun adventure Also, a pro-tip: bring some friends with you. This game isn't exactly easy, and it's not the easiest to figure out, either."
,Recommended,211820,15771352,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Muzzy (DinoHub),Starbound Starbound Starbound i could say that all dayStarbound is an open world game which means there is much more to the planets/systems/galaxy E T C....Then you think the gameplay is wonderful it has bosses and of course its a pixel game so its got that little spark of minecraft in it and who doesnt like minecraft! Weapons Crafting Survival Adventure Quests Open world Explorationand PETS! All of them are cute no really there are pets Starbound is just an amazing game it has everything you would expect from a Sandbox/Adventure game also its like terraria ( go check out terraria too its a great game )
76561198112459509,Not Recommended,211820,16520415,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,AGAS01L,no
,Recommended,211820,24483215,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,XxX_BananaPOWER_XxX,FINALY...RELEASE
76561198150115205,Recommended,211820,31066006,Posted: 10 April,all,PROTOTYPEthe1st,Best game ever!!!!! ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
,Recommended,211820,10101928,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Affliction,This game isn't even bad.
,Recommended,211820,10290983,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,yalld,Very gud.
,Recommended,211820,10768825,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,The Hentai Librarian,Fun as hell.
76561198072746515,Recommended,211820,14305861,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Apple...,Yes. Do buy this game. Before The Winter Update this was a: Maybe buy this game. Now it is a buy this game.Pros.Beutiful soundtrackLong play time (Lots to do... Now)Good quest systemEasy serversDifferent types of plannetsDifferent types of solar systemsRace specaltiesCharacter customizationBoss fightsFun to play with friendsFun to play aloneNotes.Needs system to warp from friends ship directly to yours.Cons.First mission boss WAY to hard (In my oppinion)(Not too far in so not sure but for now) Needs more techsMight want armor (Class specific) to cost more materialsAll in all I would rate the game 9/10
76561198102147862,Recommended,211820,14542117,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Normie,"I simply love this game litraly everything the music the combat style even the endless grindig will give you big suprises that makes you think what the backstories of each race are,like how the apex are stuck in the 80's. And the Novakid (my favorite) are in the west. But anyway this game is awsome"
,Recommended,211820,16277688,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,K4RMA,Really Nice Game :P
,Recommended,211820,7985653,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,[Coldwave Overdose],"Mam look, a new terraria in space."
,Recommended,211820,30210381,Posted: 26 February,all,EpicRigys,"It's ""Space Terraria"".Dat it.10/10 would rate again."
76561198083891550,Recommended,211820,30195490,Posted: 26 February,all,Tiny,This game is good for Roleplaying not gonna lie. The music fits perfectly. The Whole Universe to explore. Just All Roleplaying around the Whole world. +rep
76561198027522239,Recommended,211820,10090482,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Zagger,"If there ever was a game that combined survival with space,  (My 2 favourite things in games) It would be Starbound. Similar to Terraria, but in no way the same! You can travel to different solar systems, different planet clusters IN the solar system and different planets IN the cluster! The confines of space are INFINITE in Starbound! Combat is enjoyable, crafting is simple and not too complex, and the exploring is the main point of the game. Each planet has different wildlife, grass colour, innhabitants, trees, weather and so much more. And even in Beta this game has so much content already, and the updates usually come very fast!If I was to rate this game: I'd give it a 10/10.DEFINITLY worth buying Starbound!"
,Recommended,211820,30116238,Posted: 23 February,all,[FP] Thesilkengamer,"Exploring space with friends have never been so much fun! Welcome to Starbound a sidescrolling space exploration game developed by Chucklefish, and exploration is where this game excels, exploring space feels natural with a multitude of different planets of different tiers to explore and minibiomes unique to each one it definitely feels like exploring space. The combat is nothing special but its fine, it fits the game to the letter and is simple... which I think is for the best, the music is phenomenal ranging from a magnificent orchestral classical style all the way to a techno funky style. The character creation is simple and but makes it feel you are unique to compared the NPCs and each race is distinct each with its own culture inspired by real life cultures like Aztec, Feudal Japan (and modern), Tribal, Middle Ages, Authoritarian High Tech Sci-FI, Uh Human? I don't really know what the collective name for all of future humankinds culture is... (okay I looked it up the offical Starbound wiki lists it as ""Modern""), and the Wild West! The GUI is not doing the game any favors but its simplestic design and easy use kind of makes up for it. But this game does not just inhale air and fart out rainbows and daisys, Starting with survival mode which makes you drop items on death, but only some of them you drop food, crafting supplies, and healing items, this would not be a pain for the first two but droping healing items and anything that makes it more of a pain to get back to said items in the first place is not something I would consider a good idea (this problem increases ten-fold when you die underground when monsters spawn on your way down and you get screwed cause you can't heal and you end up dead again), and a particularly fun storyline is masked behind pain in the♥♥♥♥♥scaning ""barriers"" which are missions where you have to scan objects from one of the races until you scan enough ""importent"" objects so you can finally gain access your kick♥♥♥♥♥dungeon and even more amazing boss fight. Going solo is a fun experience once and a while but the game really shines in multiplayer when you load in and all of your fellow universal explorers team up to take on the many worlds. Starbound is a fairly solid experience that is best played with friends alongside you, so get going! Team up and take on the universe!"
76561198043934603,Recommended,211820,8136040,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,tommycortex,"OMG, this game is AMAZING."
,Recommended,211820,17292315,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,damo,starbound is one of dem sandbox games but it also has the touch of adventure. ive been playing for 38 hours  and i really do love playing this game can still get a bit boaring but u should buy dis game.
76561198088124058,Recommended,211820,17474272,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Magolor_bro,"this is a good game and all but one thing thats anoying... THE STUPID QUEST'S THAT FOR ONE THING I WAS LOOKING FOR A SIGN TO HAVE SOME ONE NOT FORGET WHERE HE CAME FROM AND THE ANOYING F###ING JOKE FISH AND THE F###ING ""lost"" GAG NOSE THATS IN HIS F###ING POCKIT FOR GOD F### I LOOKED IN EVERY F### BOX AND CAN FOR IT AND ON PLANETS GOD F### GIVE PLAYERS A HINT ON IT FOR GETING IT COMPLITED IS A F###ING ORANGE A ORANGE FOR F### SAKE THAT IS WHAT THE LAST THING I SASHPED GOD F###ING S### WHY A ORANGEI SAY #F### ORANGES"
,Recommended,211820,8557190,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,I smarter than you,I <3 this game and i hope that more people join and play the game
76561198097567706,Recommended,211820,30204031,Posted: 26 February,all,SOMETHINGSTRANGE | Vap3Squad.xyz,good
76561198218658643,Recommended,211820,28532615,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,DeadElf224,"10/10RPG Terraria, enough said."
76561198012446521,Recommended,211820,29778004,Posted: 8 February,all,AGC | Dataspell,"I have been playing starbound since early access and while there are a lot of things I miss about the beta (including some wicked mods) starbound is a fun challenge for anyone who likes sandbox games and it keeps me coming back for more. Im currently working on a hardcore character run and am about halfway through the game and enjoying every second of it. Its definitely more fun with friends but what sandbox game isnt? mods are also comparitively easy to make and there are a bunch of them available so even if you find the content lacking theres plenty to suppliment it. Over all this game is like a 2d minecraft in space, if you like space and sandbox building survival games you will love this. Ignore people comparing it to terraria, its an entirely different experience."
,Recommended,211820,27985184,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Blunnerz,It's good with friends. And something you can sink alot of hours into
,Recommended,211820,28191461,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Bigbuck01,Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It Get It
,Recommended,211820,29019733,Posted: 4 January,all,alorathine,the child of no mans sky.
,Recommended,211820,25216191,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Nato,"Very Enjoyable. Lots of stuff to do, I guarantee you won't be bored, unless you're some kind of an elitist prick."
,Recommended,211820,25252978,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,floofles,got killed by a man riding a bone dragon while my friend was playing the entertainer on his ocarina10/SPAAAAACE
,Recommended,211820,26990012,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bonnett88,"Eh, I guess it is a little fun."
,Not Recommended,211820,28548190,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Trip,"Boldly tries to innovate on the Terraria genre, but comes up short and boring.   The joy of Terraria is the well-defined progression (Starbound is just more of the same with increasing stat points), and developing your world to be well-explored and easy to traverse (Starbound is endless new worlds none of which you're incentivized to perfect).  Starbound got boring and never filled me with amazement as Terraria did repeatedly."
,Recommended,211820,29790419,Posted: 8 February,all,[SiN]Doc Omally(Pylon),"""can be boring to play alone"" is the only bad thing I can think to say about this game becuase there are too many good things to say"
76561198001194174,Recommended,211820,29772824,Posted: 7 February,all,Balgore,"This is an excellent game.  I played it a bit in beta, and experienced it in a few different phases.  I would say that this release phase is by far the most enjoyable, and has the most content.  There are minor details that could be nit-picked, but overall this is a very excellent indie game and at this price point is very hard to find a competitor to compare it to.  I would say Terraria is the better game, but this is easily in my top 10 indie game picks of all time.Anyone with 100+ hours rating this down, ask yourself if 100+ hours is worth the $10, and then I think you'll realize the value."
,Recommended,211820,29772402,Posted: 7 February,all,brad,"Quite a thrillAfter a few years of waiting on this game I finally caved and bought it this past Christmas. While I can't say I would've ever recommended this in Early Access, I will now in its full release.It's a great game. This is coming from someone, who by all accounts and purposes is a JRPG and FPS first fan. I tend to skip indie games and be wary of early access or crowdfunded games as it sets a very bad precedent in marketing and business models, and working in the creative industry you quite often see whimsical and far reaching promises that fail to deliver, especially when you have to deal with issues such as cross functionality between different teams, i.e: marketing and engineering, or scope-creep from outsiders.Starbound is not that. It's a great game. Building off of Terraria's formula, this 8bit sandbox adventure game really does shine with its loads of content.I've already sunk almost 50 hours into it and I'm just getting to the final mission (with no rush in beating it and minimal exploring, mostly base building)That being said there are tons of items, procedural quests, biomes, worlds and stuff to explore.It's a more grounded minecraft with a semi-functional plot and loads of fun to have in co-op modes with friends. I bought No Man's Sky on my PS4 thinking it would be fun after minimal interest or digging into that game, but, mostly on a whim to play with friends college who now live in different states. That game sucked♥♥♥♥♥ and its hilarious yet also ironic that a game a 1/3rd of the original MSRP of NMS put more time, money, effort, dedication and heart into delivering a wonderfully enjoyable game.It's definitely not for everyone. A lot of people can get bored or find themselves feeling like its a chore/grind to do stuff, but part of the fun of this game is playing with close friends in a closed universe (or open to whomever) and adding a little bit of roleplay on your own. Explore worlds, feel like space pirates etc etc.PROS:procedural items with ability to upgrade and craftcoopgreat diversity in races, items, worlds, and general stuff to doprocedural queststons of upgradesterraforming abilitiesdid I mention its a third of the price of No Man's Sky?CONS:Limited variety in quests that are generated procedurallyHunger can be painstakingly annoying. My dude shouldnt eat a whole chicken and a ribeye and feel hugry. Is everyone a diabetic and obese in this universe?Lacking the ability to craft (as of 2/07/17 5:51PM MST) Green Fireworks for upgrading, since they're item ID is bound to an event crafting stationThere aren't many cons, honestly, and if I look back I struggle to find anything that severely pisses me off, besides the unger aspect.I can't recommend this game enough. I'm someone who can put 400+ hours into Battlefield 4, I put over 1500+ hours into 1.6/CZ/Source/DoDS/ and the like of those games before they started tracking hours played, and someone who has recently put in hundreds of hours into Bloodborne and hard action RPGs as such. Yet, with this indie game, Chucklefish Games has found a happy player and a new fan of their development team.What's not to like a bout a sincere team that's focused on bringing a community funded game with real promises? Especially with good backlog and dev note updates, and enthusiasm that shows they see the importance and fun in making this game even better with more updates and content.I paid $7.99 for this on sale and it's been one of the my best steam purchases in the past few years.As an avid first person shooter, JRPG/western RPG, third person action and mainly PS4/PC player, get this game. It's a great load of fun if you can ignore the occasional slowdowns from server connections and the lack of crafting.Solid 8.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8254647,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rago,"The better version of terraria, because its for mac"
,Recommended,211820,23959025,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,nobody,This game is good. You should check it out m8.its good trust me
,Not Recommended,211820,24491043,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ZSNO,Took too long to finally be done and it's still terrible.
76561197963122192,Recommended,211820,29218133,Posted: 12 January,all,Blacksock,fun gameplay yet the ship mechanic promotes solo play rather then groups
76561198281288596,Recommended,211820,32540092,Posted: 18 June,all,Gelatinous Boy,good game
,Recommended,211820,9326145,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,sleepyhaze,Amazing.
76561198116400643,Recommended,211820,32401631,Posted: 13 June,all,nlhunter,this game is really fun worked for me for 1 YEAR then i just crashes now... please fix
76561198172826505,Recommended,211820,32331334,Posted: 10 June,all,krojr,im having problems running the game
76561198039152461,Recommended,211820,32332363,Posted: 10 June,all,Crix,Bring this game to the Swtich!! :D
,Recommended,211820,8041894,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,(◣ _ ◢ )AARONELLERZ,"This is the game you want... You will love it, If you like sandboxing... This is the one with the most to bost about!Pick it up TODAY!"
76561198044222148,Recommended,211820,24581025,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Volkryn,"Pretty good game. I wouldnt say its an AMAZING game, but it is decently fun. However, do NOT buy this game if you dont like re-doing things, or farming for better items. Also, i wouldnt reccommend that you buy this game for the full price. I would say, buy it when its atleast 30-40% off. Its not worth the full price, but if its around 10$ then definitely buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,24918097,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Primal,"After 3ish years of waiting, I've finally got my hands on the 1.0 version of Starbound. After playing through the story, getting to the endgame, and playing the game to it's fullest, I think I can finally write a solid review.Pros+ Great potential for building structures+ bajillions of decorations and blocks to use+ Combat is good, with duel-wielding and various weapon classes+ Randomly generated weapons, planets, and creatures for huge replayability+Massive amount of vanity items and character customization options+Colony system, where you can build houses (or smallprisonsboxes) to attract tenants that will pay you rent and give you quests+You can capture creatures you find later in the game and become a Pokemon trainerCons-Progression is dull, go to x planet, get x ore, make x thing that lets you go to the next planet-story is meh; hero against evil thing with no twists or anything-Everything is super easy, the only real danger in the end game is fall damage-Developers are kinda iffy, they take out features and put them back in at randomConclusionOverall, I think this is a really good game that is absolutely worth $15. For those who liked building in Terraria, this game is a great buy. The combat and difficulty is hopefully something that will be looked at in the future, but until then mods are a great alternative.8/10 mastapeece"
,Recommended,211820,25055606,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,MissJoFai,"Have waited for this game to be fully released for 4 years - and it was worth the wait!! This game is amazing, great gameplay and simply stunning. Ive played everyday since the release day and i havent even touched the surface on what you can do in game. Well done to the devs on a great game."
,Recommended,211820,24917325,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,ya boi,dont play on survival kids
76561198048401379,Recommended,211820,24678065,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,robertbiele1122,"This game is amazing! ive logged over 50 hours in the first few days of playing it. i highly recommend it to anyone who enjoys survival, pixel, rpg, and adventure games. it even has a main story line and side missions! they update frequently and try and solve any issue that occurs. there are still a few bugs that have to be worked on, but the starbound team is hard at work fixing them. if you are on the fence still, give it a try. i garuntee you will enjoy this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,14305824,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,yaya,baller status achieved when playing.
,Recommended,211820,14305104,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,NeonShadow,this game is like spaghetti in space 12/10
76561198073796579,Recommended,211820,9298214,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,z1w33crt,s'ok
,Recommended,211820,9615622,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Trafficjam,"Highly reccomend this game, its amazing so many things and its so fun to play with friends. buy it."
,Recommended,211820,9776888,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Furza,"Great Game,really fun to play if bored!"
76561198060040061,Recommended,211820,9959888,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,kaishoonta,fun game as far as a beta is concerned hven't any issues
,Recommended,211820,8107205,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Trips,"Amazing game, reminds you of Teraria, but, you know, better."
,Recommended,211820,8143507,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,⊂((・▽・))⊃,"I just bought this game yesterday, and already played 11 hours of it. Its one of the best pixelated and sandbox games.You can travel to alooot (alot alot alot alot alot) of planets and will come across lots of goals. (Like getting fuel for your ship) This game is very fun and addictive.The storyline, bosses, minibosses, mobs, NPCs are just SUPERB. Not only that, there's loads of weapons, ores and stuff. This is just the beta version, and its better than Terraria. So better is getting better and to the best.I rate it 120/100. ExcellentBest purchase i ever made."
,Recommended,211820,8146011,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Skrall,"This game is well worth the money, many hours of fun, if you like any type of game like terraria you will love this. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8113625,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Reinveil von Megabee,"An endlessly charming sandbox game that learned its lessons well from Terraria, avoiding many of that game's shortcomings and building upon its strengths.  It also manages to establish an identity of its own with its sci-fi setting, galaxy-spanning size and multiple playable races.Starbound is already a steal at $15 even in its beta state.  If the final game delivers on the developer's promises, it will be the stuff of legends."
,Recommended,211820,8064471,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Gizmo,"An amazing game, if you loved Terraria. You'll love Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,8064747,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,SickBubblegum_,"Fantastic game, a lot of fun 9/10"
76561198094875469,Recommended,211820,8051775,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Fightwithfire1,"This game is absolutly fantastic, it may seem like terraria in the trailer but its more than that this is a Beautiful and amazing game. I mau not have played much of this game but I still have much to come it is a game I would rate this 9.5/10 This game beats most games I have played in my life. I highly recommend this game to any terraria lovers or just anyone in perticular!Have fun stars! (So cheesy)"
76561198085906813,Recommended,211820,8040561,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Jessica Katie,AWESOME
,Recommended,211820,8040628,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,cart-dog,"One of the best most addictive games ever, for £12 it's totaly worth it"
76561198046339462,Recommended,211820,8025599,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Perrin James Smith,gg starbound gg
,Recommended,211820,8763192,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,chef,Space adventures. Yes.
76561198066321658,Recommended,211820,8754742,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,ShayDra,Awsome game much like terraria realy fun
,Recommended,211820,8758596,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,FireBrand,Cool game!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,8441842,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,rip cyrex,i got wrecked by a meteor shower10/10
,Recommended,211820,8638608,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Ruby1121,"I enjoyed this game, quite different to their original terraria. I found it actual quite better in that with terraria, everything is there for you. This game actually feels like exploration in the unknown :o"
,Recommended,211820,8355061,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Make Anime Great Again,This plays like Terraria in space.  It's so freaking awesome I love it.  When more content is released its gonna be ubersauce awesomeness god-tier.  Yeah.
,Recommended,211820,8968424,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Hank Wankerman,This game is slowly taking over my life.  Please help me.20/10
76561198069162065,Recommended,211820,8896224,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,luckcod,"its a fun game tho im still having probelms with multiplayer. my friend and i, try to play together on our own server using Hamachi. 1 day it works the next day, it doesnt. its still in the beta stages tho so im hoping it will soon be fixed."
76561197972321908,Recommended,211820,17879823,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,zyl0x,"This game is a lot of fun.If you've played Terraria, then you pretty much know what you're getting into. It's basically Terraria in space. If you haven't played Terraria, then it's like a 2D, side-scrolling Minecraft in space.You can travel between different planets with different environments and features, build teleporters to travel between them quickly, and with the latest patch, add colonists to your player-created structures to give your creations life. Your ship expands as you progress through the quests, and you can customize each section and decorate them as you please. You can even add NPCs to your crew and collect all kinds of procedurally-generated pets from different planets.Now, the game has come a long way, but still has some distance to go. There are only a few boss fights, and the story and progression fizzles out rather quickly, but if you're looking for a nice, 2D sandbox game, and are into the whole sci-fi/space scene, then you should give this game a go. If you sign up for the nightly or unstable branches, you'll get even more content much faster, though you have to sacrifice some stability.Overall, a fun sandboxer with some really cute looking sprite graphics."
,Recommended,211820,27994751,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,I Wear Hats,"A fun game that does what it says. Imagine Terraria but on a galactic scale. The art style is fun, and the combat is tough."
,Recommended,211820,17904629,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,★MasterSalt★ hellcase.com,This a awesome game would play all day everyday if i had the time. I seriously would recomend this game to anyone out there and if anyone is finding things difficult ask me and ill help.
,Recommended,211820,16986290,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,.wav,im in love
,Recommended,211820,15775927,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Pudoru,"This game is like Terraria, but better. The only thing I would like for change is some sort of quality butcher so I can play it on my potato of a computer. It can get laggy at times. But it is very nicely done, complicated and lots to do, with a little humor to the side. The combat system isn't as flawed as I thought it would be."
76561198093271918,Recommended,211820,24873595,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,DSCO,"I have watched Starbound evolve over the last 2-3 years, i have see so much that has been added to the game, and im so happy for the fact that its out of early access. The world generation is repetitive but i can look past that, ii love how vast it all feels, some space games *Cough* No Mans Sky *Cough* don't normally have working multiplayer, but in this i love how its implemented.The game overall did a pretty good job developing and I give it my seal of approval.9/10"
,Recommended,211820,24872853,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ItzVozf,"WARNING: CONTAINS SPOILING CONTENT AND MAY MAKE A FEW HATERS BUTTHURT! YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED!______________________________________________________________I am one to say that I have logged over 120 hours on this game. I'm still not as expierienced as the people who have logged more than 300 or even 500. I have seen people with 800 hours logged, but thats not the point. The point is the review. I do recommend and NOT recommend this game. It has pros off the charts and cons sky high. No one can say every pro or every con, because no one has expierienced the game as much as that. Lets continue on.The game ""Terraria"" is nothing like starbound. They both have many DIFFERENT characteristics that the other does not have. Starbound is a game where if you have a colony, you can CHOOSE for people to live in the houses rather than having a random npc drop in and say, ""Hey, ima live here now, fetch me some items and sell 'em to me and I might just reward you with a few copper coins!"" Starbound does a ton of things that terraria doesn't, and terraria does things that starbound doesn't. The building in starbound COMPLETELY surpasses terraria and other games (Minecraft, Cubeworld, Trove, etc.) in my opinion. There are thousands of different block types, and an infinite number of weapons, most of which, are procedurely generated. Time for the pros and consPROS_____1. Almost near infinite amount of (almost) procedurely generated planets.2. Weapons and blocks galore.3. Decoration has a new name, cabinets.4. Modding.5. The storyline is quite good (in my opinion).6. ♥♥♥♥ SHOOTING A SLIME WHEN YOU CAN SHOOT A GIANT BONE DRAGON!7. Pokemon capture pods...8. Quests. (Also on the con side)CONS_____1. AI IS♥♥♥♥♥♥2. Crew members are idiots and very bad.3. Ship pets?4. Quests. (Also on the pro side)5. Same look on planets over and over again.6. Youtubers/Developers can be a bit misleading.7. Bosses can be really OP.8. Regular enemies can be really OP.Thats my review. Don't like it? Go suck a fat one."
,Recommended,211820,9116432,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mr. Cuddles,Starbound.... Starbound. Yep that's pretty much all i have to say. It's entirely different to that other game with one planet and not in space at all.
76561198115688587,Recommended,211820,31320873,Posted: 23 April,all,MaveRick,PRETTY GOOD. terraria on steroids.
,Recommended,211820,16513269,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mem,"This game is fun, but it would be loads better if it had more content.The whole storyline could be more original and lengthy.The bosses could be a lot more challenging. The bosses for me were really easy the first time I fought them. Also, the fact that you can just spam healing items just makes fights too easy. Maybe add a cooldown for healing items and stuff?Also, add more content for each specific race. The experience isn't very different besides the different dialogues and ship/armor appearances.The AI of villagers and recruits can be pretty stupid, too. I got a quest from one, he told me to go west. I went west, and literally the next house over was where the guy I needed to 'pick up' was.Energy javelins need an immediate nerf.Although there's a lot of things this game could have to make it even better, remember it did just come into version 1.0. Expect a lot more content to be added. (As of now)Wait, I forgot to mention something to the achievement hunters:In this game, there's an achievement called ""Not in front of the children!""I thought you had to run around the Outpost without any clothes on.It's not."
76561198139810362,Recommended,211820,24882366,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Maou,"Its one of those secretly placed gem at the bottom of a chest type of game, no one really knows about it and its their lost.Its worth the buy, its moddable too so content is pretty diverese, from player made races to mech mods.Might take sometime getting used to but hey its part of the game."
76561198120631520,Recommended,211820,24969540,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Thorbalistic,this game was hard to follow at the start but was still fun and as you get into it gets harder but also better its easy to progress espesialy when you know what your doing but it is funner to go into it blind and to have wonderful experiences throughout the game. even though ive only played it for a few days it by far my most recomended 2d sandbox game other than terraria.
76561198236667108,Recommended,211820,24973547,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,GingerPop CSGO-SKINS.COM,Multiplayer Laggggggggggggggggggg
,Recommended,211820,25005562,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Madzi,The better No Man's Sky.
76561198143183845,Recommended,211820,24973449,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Ranzadet,"First off I would like to state that this is my first review, that's how good of a game it is. Now, into the real review: When I first bought Starbound it was as an early access game that I bought in 2013. It has come a long way since then what with adding new races and missions and finally, after all these years, they announced the release date for 1.0. Before 1.0 Starbound had 4 bosses, and now it has 12 that each come with a long and interesting proccess and story to get to them. Starbound is an overall great game that is best when played with friends (mostly because you can drop lava over their head even if your on a team) although it is still very enjoyable playing by yourself. Starbound is basically Terraria but with spaceships that you can fly, upgrade, and build in along with some better looking graphics. I would highly reccomend Starbound to anyone who likes games that are anything at all like Minecraft or Terraria. Starbound is just an amazing game and I hope Chucklefish plans to continue giving Starbound many more updates. If you don't already have this game, than stop looking through reviews and buy it! I hope this review was helpful, but seriously go buy starbound, it is definitely worth the 15 dollars."
76561198059388479,Recommended,211820,15239543,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Savagepotato45,like terraria in spaceif you dont have this game you have been living under a rockstarbound= Awsome
,Recommended,211820,8997622,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Mozilla Firefox,"ReLogic fans my be asking""WTF IT'S EXACTLY LIKE TERRARIA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T I'M GONNA REPORT THIS!!!!""Well you see that's where you are wrong it's Terraria if Terraria took place about 500 years from when it did.Its like a pixelated version of Star Trek in 2DSo yah Buy it I really enjoy it so far"
,Recommended,211820,8620815,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Anal Grippage,This game is one of my favorite side-scrolling sandbox games. The world has infinite generation and infinite fun! Pun intended... Chode
76561198054597822,Recommended,211820,9237109,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Nice hat brother,"Amazing game.  Even if its still in an early beta there's so much content.  It can be a little bit slow in the begining but after maybe 3o minutes it speeds up.It may look like a knock-off of terraria... well it sort of is, but at the same time its completely diferent.  9/10"
76561198092150009,Recommended,211820,9167135,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Bubbles,Starbound in my opinion is an amazing game and I have actually never seen something like this before.  Its very creative and I strongly recommend it if you have ever played terraria and enjoyed that too.  :D
76561198090010715,Recommended,211820,8278362,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Hillary for Auschwitz,this game is worth more than $15
,Recommended,211820,8844414,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Rich Whigga,"Very, very, very fun game. Although this game is still in early beta it is worth the fifteen dollars."
76561198070755540,Recommended,211820,8835680,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Mikomi,"Was doubtful at first, but I caved in and bought it, and I don't regret it one bit. This is coming from someone who didn't get into terraria and is not a massive minecraft fan, but I've played this game a bit now and I absolutely love it.The scale of this game is incredible, and the general feel of the game is excellent.Highly reccomended"
76561198065677958,Recommended,211820,8884089,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,pajeet,Its one of those games you say that you will never play. 20 hours later you can tell it is only down hill from here.
,Recommended,211820,8828924,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Captain Orgasmo,"The Sky's the limit, i suppose,I have never played Terraria and as such i cannot make a reliable comparison, but Starbound kept me playing for hours at a time, never wanting to leave the game.Try it yourself, you might just fall in love."
76561198074685904,Recommended,211820,8784325,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Niglactus,"This is the best game I have ever played, you should play it now, it dosen't even lag."
,Recommended,211820,7955358,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ericcolons,"Imagine Terraria in space, but about 90% more amazing."
,Not Recommended,211820,26342959,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Emisamark,"Really good game, but after the last update the game got laggy and impossible to play, please, PLEASE fix this chucklefish"
,Recommended,211820,20351744,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,ｘａｆ,"Has mods/moding (workshop would be nice tho)03.04.16""Steam WorkshopAlongside Steam matchmaking we’re intending to make use of the steam workshop to support mod sharing and subscribing."" -http://playstarbound.com/final-approach-to-1-0/GOD BLESS"
,Recommended,211820,23674072,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,ΛMΞTHYST,"This game is great for being in early access currently, there's lots to do! Lots to explore, fight, collect, it's well worth the money. >v>"
76561198256875301,Recommended,211820,20425970,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DANMAN1204,this game is a good action packed game full of monsters and lots of ores and gems :P
76561198051713987,Recommended,211820,23678532,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Cherry Jello,"Will last you longer than Fallout 4/10Especially if you have friends.BRING FRIENDS! (and mods if you like those)Also, the instruments are the single greatest things in this game and I've probably spent a third of my time in Starbound playing songs."
,Recommended,211820,23692364,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,The Punisher,I really recommend this game is so cool and has so much to explore.Is a true adventure!
76561198063925677,Recommended,211820,23692870,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,ty.hawkins,this is a great game i love it it has a lot of bugs but it is still in beta but even then it is a very fun game to play with friends and the gear with all it's attachments and varients make it so much fun
,Recommended,211820,20433493,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Tough Kid,I like it...
,Recommended,211820,20461303,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,GoldBacon,This is an amazingly thought out sci-fi fantasy universe
,Recommended,211820,20421996,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,𝓐𝓻𝓳𝓪𝓷𝓥𝓚,I have never spend this many hours on a game before it was released.
,Recommended,211820,23686651,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,(WiRD) nep nep,It was impossible to write a review about this game that could explain what i love about This masterpieceChoose from a load of races:Boring humanstechnologically advanced birdsDonkey kongPrimitive plantsAsian Amphibian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥srich robots that think they are better than youand Star cowboyswith loads of placesyour shipworldsspacean outpostruinswith many different questsbring me thisand now the real reviewthis game is one of my favorite gamespros:amazing musicgood jokesnice looking stuffcons:crappy quest rewardsboring combathard to create own serversometimes quests don't startboring monsters8.3/10 my opinionand here is one suggestion before i end this reviewplease fix the extreme lag people get because of moontants during the erchius mining facility missionpick this up if you want a nice calming game with an amazing atmosphere
,Recommended,211820,8444084,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Khorps,"Do you like flying around space, collecting resources, going on adventures or 2D games?Then this game is for you :DMy rate 11/10"
76561198026979906,Recommended,211820,7985779,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,ack28,"If you enjoyed Terraria, there is a pretty good chance you're going to love this. And of course you probably already know that."
,Recommended,211820,20303250,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Yabbers,"The game's in early access, but don't let that fool you. Regardless, it's a massive game, and the developers are constantly in conctact with the community to update the game. Almost every time there's a new update I find myself spending 10 hours creating a new character and playing through it again. It's incredibly fun and satisfying to complete things in this game, whether that be upgrading your ship fully, building a huge base on a new planet, or exploring and finding new cool planets and uprading your gear, whatever you want to do is entirely up to you!All in all a 9/10 where it currently stands, while I do thoroughly enjoy the game, once you complete everything (all quests, ship upgrades, armor upgrades, build a few bases etc.) it loses a lot of its enjoyability. Though this is hardly a problem, as I've said before, the devs are constantly updating it, making each update a new opportunity to explore and create. I highly reccomend picking up this game."
,Recommended,211820,28911340,Posted: 1 January,all,Burger King,"♥♥♥♥ing Space, enough said.9.8/10"
76561198050561512,Recommended,211820,29100088,Posted: 7 January,all,Cimm,"A walk on the wild sidea review by Cimm----------------------------------------------------------------------------------This game offers a burst of life to the dying sidescrolling survival genre. Upon release I was worried that it was going to be another Terraria clone, but boy was I pleasantly surprised. This game is a breath of fresh air, with crafting, great upgrade mechanics, interstellar travel, and now with the addition of scripted events it feels more solid then ever before. The feeling of maneuvering my ship through the uncharted galaxy made this 65 year old squeal. That's not to say that there aren't a few gripes I have with the game. The major one being the replay value, I find myself only coming back to the game after there has been an update, and after completing the new content I have no intention to start again.  This cycle of riding the new releases is annoying, although it is a early access game still so you have to give the developers time. Other then that there are a few things that make this game a spectacular buy. Like the looting system, allowing you to customize your star adventurer with thousands of rare pieces of armor throughout the game.  or the dungeons, scripted missions that are a blast to play with friends. To sum it all up, this game is a masterpiece in its own right. When you compare it to minecraft, some contention arises. Minecraft has done everything that this game has done but BETTER. I played minecraft after having played 60 hours of starbound and the adrenaline rush I got from the vastly superior gameplay that Minecraft offers made me repeatedly slam my head into the dry wall until the pain  from my bludgeoned skull was only matched from the agony I was feeling on behalf of my throbbing manhood.Minecraft: 10/10Starcitizen: 4/10"
76561198006618426,Not Recommended,211820,28988089,Posted: 3 January,all,Sariour,"I beat the game in 45 hours, first 30 of which i spent building a cool base never to visit again. The only seemingly redeeming quality is slightly more interesting exploration then in similar titles, but it gets stale pretty fast considering after visiting about 6 planets i started seeing often repeats of assets (whole buildings/cavern layouts exactly copied). Everything else, especially bossfights were inferior versions of Terraria. If I played this before Terraria maybe it would have been ok, but comparison between the two shows that Starbound simply offers less for more money."
,Recommended,211820,9862317,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Chlolula,10/10totes amaze
76561198023016957,Recommended,211820,26423800,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,DougMan,This gamr addictive and lots of fun.
,Recommended,211820,24470081,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MrP00P1E,"Fun, I just wanted to upvote the game really."
76561198319232907,Recommended,211820,26021102,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Aetherplaysgames,Starbound is the best game
,Recommended,211820,26190335,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Vanicko,Best game 2016
,Recommended,211820,26005773,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,sloth,yes
76561198315850172,Recommended,211820,31623254,Posted: 8 May,all,EnderKnight708,This is o0ne of the best games on steam.
,Recommended,211820,14453940,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Mahooty,New update added a ton of new content and really changed how the game progresses. Feels a lot more fleshed out and is really fun to play with friends.
,Recommended,211820,9416741,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,beaw,"I bought this game so I could play it with my friends. Didn't work. Didn't even bother single player, my doctor called me and said that my appointment for sexual therapy had changed to right then and there so he became a latina phone sex line and talked dirty to me just like grandma used to do."
,Recommended,211820,32506341,Posted: 17 June,all,Keeweiner,Fun but could use some pirates in it
,Recommended,211820,9355194,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,George Min,Even in the beta this is a very fun game. It is like terraria and Minecraft mashed in to one.
76561198153380235,Recommended,211820,15270681,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Chip Skylark,Terraria but in space. 10/10
76561198141837483,Recommended,211820,32331837,Posted: 10 June,all,Cryno,GOOD AF FAM IT B LIT
,Recommended,211820,8002548,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,SpeZiFiScH®,"Awesome game. Already had a lot of fun with it. It's like Terraria with everything you missed and with a lot of think you didn't miss, but you'll like. Only Con is the character wipe after the updates, but it's still early beta."
76561198097147531,Not Recommended,211820,17727507,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Skeletons.png,"It was a terrible mistake when I bought this back in 2013. Please don't this get game, there are other early access games that have much more content and updates than this game."
76561198306890117,Recommended,211820,26066217,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Wiselemon007,Great game well worth the money
76561198053238218,Recommended,211820,9025791,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,CptnTightPants,"Great game, can't wait to see more updates"
,Not Recommended,211820,26751369,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,rafbot1998,"I like this game. But it doesn't work on fullscreen and coincidentally there is no way to fix it. I've tried absolutely everything that people have recommended in the forums and on google. I have a 4k monitor, and the resolution says it's at 1920 x 1080. For whatever reason I can't move my mouse to any of the menu buttons. This generally wouldn't have stopped me from not reccomending a game, but it's 2016 multiple people shouldn't be having this issue with the game, and if they are then there should be a readily available fix somewhere, but there isn't so yeah don't buy it if you like fullscreen because that's exactly what you might not get. Again this might not happen to you, but it did to me and now I just have a 15 dollar game sitting there in my library that I can't play."
,Recommended,211820,28159859,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,flopadoops,good stuff good stuff
,Recommended,211820,26890426,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,*[BCU]*theempire37,I'ts gotten pretty good by now.
,Recommended,211820,24524374,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Arvideo_Retro,"Fighting a penguin in a mech suit made my day,10/10"
,Recommended,211820,24463251,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[☣] ­Sgt.­Satou,Bought This Game When It was at Koala This Game is the Real Stuff 10/10 ♥♥♥♥♥ we made it!
,Recommended,211820,24465194,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,"HOTNIGGA, datebayo <33",Brilliant game. Congrats on the official 1.0 release!
,Recommended,211820,24474044,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zastier,"Starbound is one of those games I find extremely hard to talk about. Not because its a bad game, or because I don't know why I enjoy it but rather because the aspects of it I love are extremely broad and hard to explain, but damn it, I will try anyway! I bought this game for my birthday, a couple of weeks after it hit early access and I have been playing the game every now and again, checking out the new features added with the rather infrequent updates. It was only recently when I decided to donwload and play on nightly builds due to my excitement of 1.0 and it were those updates that really got me to love this game. Gone is the linear and fetchquest riddles progression, replaced with a much more natural and fun feeling questline. No longer does the game feel like a mess of features cobbled together with no thought.As it stands, the game provides a pretty entertaining storyline, fun boss battles and dungeons and a huge universe to explore. The universe it self was made vastly more interesting with new world generation the increases planet variety, new structures to find and for once, some reason to look for them. Whether you are looking to collect new blocks to build with, find new furniture to spawn a new type of NPC or find new weapons to use in combat, the world will provide interesting structures to suit your needs. This combined with the new quest line and the game's progression feels more natural than ever before. Mainline quests will have you venture out and collect ""clues"" by scanning objects which generally fits perfectly with the normal gameplay. As a reward, you will gain access to new missions that will allows you to move forward in the story.While the game got much better at rewarding your curiosity and exploring its vast universe, it also created some reason for you to have a planet you can call home. With the Colony system, you can place Colony Deeds inside your houses and depending on what furniture is found in the house, an NPC will spawn. Those will vary from your usual glitch knights, to people in Llama costumes (if they are costumes). These residents will joyously live around your world, talking to one another, interacting with their environment and generally making your home planet a much more lively place. Over time, they will also pay rent, give you quests and eventually even join your crew to accompany you on your adventures. While these procedural quests are not anything note worthy, they can be quite fun side activities which will aid in gradually evolving your village and its inhabitants.That being said, while I adore most of the content added in this update, there are some parts of it that will take some getting used to. A great example is the new hotbar. If you haven't played the game before, the chances are you will not notice much wrong with it. I find that the change is a good one, this new hotbar fits the game's weapon and building system a lot better than the old one, it allows for the creation of loadouts players can switch between in combat. That being said, with the game putting quite a focus on building, some might see it as a detriment and while I cannot say this is an incorrect statement, I also cannot relate as I generally build from my inventory anyway.Additionally, the crafting timers are a very horrible addition and there is no way it benefits the game in any way what so ever. They take up time and stop you from playing for pretty long periods. There is no animation to look at, nor is there way to contribute in order to make the wait less tiresome. I would recomend modding this one out before playing, unless you enjoy some down time for cheking your mail while playing.Overall, this game is pretty great. Its a sandbox but its not a sandbox just in the sense of altering the environemnt like other games of similar type, its a sandbox which allows you to play the game in multiple ways, taking branching paths, rarely forcing you down a specific turn. While there is still room for improvement, in my opinion its better than it ever was  and not is the perfect time to give this game a go."
45801754760987654,Recommended,211820,24772913,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Frore Matteh Eiskalt ❄,Cool game
76561198049512730,Recommended,211820,24465834,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Alt.Delete,"Starbound has created an amazing universe. I haven't played as much as some other reviewers, but I can still offer good advice. Keep in mind I haven't played the release.Pro/Cons:This game is big. It is a task to become familiar with how the game works and achive a understanding. That being said, the game has a ton of depth. It can keep you coming back for a long timeThere are quests through the game to give a slghtly more linear expirence than terraria. This makes it easier to figure out what you are supposed to be doing. The game is in no way linear, however. It can be played any way you want.Tons of customization.Excellent online community. Use these resources for crafting, questing advice, and building.Looks good. Sounds good.Can alt-tab out easily for playing alongside a wiki.Bottom line: If you like building style games (Minecraft, terraria, subnautica, etc.) but you wanted a bit more story, this is the game for you. If you don't know if you like those kinds of games, try one out. Notably this one. Just came out of early access and is an excellent game."
,Recommended,211820,28897226,Posted: 1 January,all,Basil,Simply Amazing!
,Recommended,211820,24349760,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Gavin the Minotaur,"Starbound has very quickly become my favorite sandbox game of all time.I bought this game on a whim back in early stages after a friend told me about it and it has been so much fun.While the development process has been arguably slow, the developers have consistently improved the game with every big update. Every time another large update releases, it's like another new adventure almost worthy of another character. The full 1.0 version of the game releases in about a week from this post and it'sboundto keep me occupied.GameplayThe game may seem like a sci-fi terraria clone on the surface, but the game offers it's content differently. While Starbound is still essentially a sandbox game in terms of mechanics, updates have given the game more RPG-style gameplay elements such as hub worlds, side quests, and steady progression in the form of ship, tool, and augment upgrades.The main quest missions are unlocked by creating gear out of higher tier materials, and main quests unlock higher tier crafting stations and planet types. In my opinion, this really weaves the whole sandbox-RPG thing together quite smoothly and forces players to participate in both genres, which is really important to note. The main missions are interesting, albeit unrelated dungeons that usually have some nice loot at the end.There are also some secret areas that are only accessable with certain augments!LoreThe lore of the game is decently extensive, but it requires a bit of digging. The most interesting lore stories (lories?) are discovered by finding codices, which randomly spawn in containers and tell some pretty intriguing tales that usually follow specific characters.The different races each have their own basic backstories and relations to one another as well as posessing an apparent style and demeanor for each:Human - Boring, modern-style stuff.Apex - Technology, lab coats, and totalitarianism. Planet of the apes.Avian - Westboro Aztec Church. Flightless birds.Floran - Carnivorous flora, and I ain't talking flies. Master engineers, master race.Hylotl - Simple samurai fish, confusing♥♥♥♥♥pronunciation.Novakid - Laughing at physics since day one. Have fun pretending to be C. Eastwood.IssuesBy far the biggest problem with this game is performance. A lot of players, even on high-end PCs, will be experiencing highly fluctuating framerates depending on the environment in-game. While Starbound's community is welcoming, it's extremely difficult to find non-laggy servers to play on w/ friends. This makes LAN play the best multiplayer option, which is impractical, to say the least. This can drive some players away from this fantastic game, and I really hope the devs are working dilligently for a solution.In ConclusionStarbound remains my favorite sandbox game as of now and I will gladly recommend it to anyone who loves sandbox games, anyone who loves RPGs, and especially to those who love both."
,Recommended,211820,24481683,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,00DoubleOh,"Alright lets get crackingStartbound is a game that I have sunk some time into, not nearly as much as TF2 and Gmod, but still loads of time.I've been waiting for it to launch out of beta to make a review because I knew it would be the most complete then.Starbound, from the outside, looks a lot like terraria right? Well from the inside of the game it has multiple features that terraria doesn't such as, choosing a race,  infinite universe to explore, planets, stars, moons, and arcade games. This game is great and it has very few flaws those flaws including, slightly buggy multiplayer from time to time, and very, very rare crashes.Long story shortPros-Highly Explorable-High Replayability-Great Soundtrack-Some Nice Graphics (For a 2D game that is)-Great Online Community-Highly Moddable (As in mods are avalible but its up to you to not ♥♥♥♥ up the installation)-Instruments, along with custom songs you can enterCons-Sometimes Buggy Multiplayer-Crashes-The mining tool can be difficult to use sometimes-After you've spent as much time as I have in this game, it gets pretty boring after awhileThat's about all I can think of when it comes to pros and cons of this gameIf you can think of anything else leave a response to this review"
,Recommended,211820,24735352,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,FatalFrances,Amazing game. Totally worth the money.
,Recommended,211820,9285842,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Makuta,"Starbound- A huge game filled with various items, mobs, and blocks. It is bigger than Terraria, and more adventurous than Skyrim. The music is so inspirational, and even the developers name is fun(Chucklefish). The only downside to such a fullfilling game is getting to the top. When I played terraria for the first time I played by myself, then later I played with friends... they all had better stuff than me, and shared items with me. This caused me to have OP items very soon, and also caused me to become bored of it. This game was similar towards that feeling, but other than that it is a wonderful game full of adventure."
,Recommended,211820,10689303,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,eliseuspl,You can be a robot race with a horse head traveling in a asteroid field with bubbles.10/10
,Recommended,211820,8001152,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Enby-lievable,10/10 would bang
76561198206578861,Recommended,211820,24470267,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,myjohnson,"So, I've had Starbound since early access, and to be honest- I'm completely blown away. I've logged over a hundred hours on PC and it quickly became one of my favorite games, and have long searched for a game similiar that would please me. Starbound was the answer. It provides hours of entertainment, and though it can become a bit tedious and boring later in the game, the diversity (and ability to start all over with nothing being similiar) keeps me willing to keep playing. I highly reccomend this game to you if you enjoy exploration and diversity, and if you like games like Terraria."
76561198160363743,Recommended,211820,23486703,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Chocolate Man(Andy),goodgame to play if you like colecting new iteams and doing quests
76561198141694967,Recommended,211820,24462449,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Wicker,It's outyay (ﾉ-___-)ﾉ*:･ﾟ✧
,Recommended,211820,25198271,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Ethereal,"No Man's Sky, but not a walking simulator. 9/10 Needs some bug fixes. Like the ""Wait Up!"" glitch/bug."
76561198044841209,Recommended,211820,28435214,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,stoolio,"Animals can attack you in tents.I went into the tent to ♥♥♥♥ing heal. I needed food, so I was rummaging through my inventory to see what I could come up with.Animal comes and kills me.♥♥♥♥.Whenever I get it into my head to jump back in, I will probably have fun. It will probably involve dying 30 times trying to make it down to a bunch of items I lost because I starved to death down in some goddamn cave.On a more serious note, this game has a certain polish and friendliness that Terraria doesn't. I played Terraria first, but since I like scifi a bit more I thought Starbound might be just my thing.Although Terraria took some getting used to, it has never♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off like Starbound has.Food for thought."
76561198046709699,Recommended,211820,9481763,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Little_Sea,this is a really good game obviously there will be a few bugs but still it is a really good game much like terraria it is a 2d sidescrolling game with heaps of monsters to fight and in starbound you can travel to diffrent worlds to find diffrent monster and diffrent matierials to find.so overall it is a great game and has a quest system which i was wanting in terraria. this game is really worth the 15 bucks not much for a great game.
76561198080618034,Recommended,211820,10214191,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,soloace1044,shows amazing potential8/10
,Recommended,211820,16590312,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Lord Necro,"Imagine Terraria but with procedurally generated items and monsters, almost infinite worlds, npc quests, a storyline, special missions with bosses, a portable (and upgradable) house accessable from any worlds's surface, different races, racial weapons and armour, more biomes, loads of cool blocks and decorations to collect, an amazing sci-fi theme, a hub world... Basically, a whole lot of awesome things. That's what Starbound is. And it's awesome. I highly recommend it now before the price rises after early access.(Also, you fight a pirate penguin as a boss. That itself is worthy of a purchase.)"
,Recommended,211820,8100534,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,///<3,"This game is amazing, if you like adventure games with action and building (Custimization too) then buy this game.Pros:Awesome building systemAmazing dungeon crawling for lootCool weapons and armorsLoads of different planets.Multiplayer6 playable races.Cons:Its only beta at the moment (Just wait until full release if you like.Not really much :D"
76561198036097106,Recommended,211820,8902113,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Sladkiy Mishka,I bet Indiana Jones would like this game. That's good enough for me.
76561198047227569,Recommended,211820,7992886,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Ezzataii,This game is a must have! Can't wait to see how it'll be when it's complete.
,Recommended,211820,26351973,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Goat enthusiast,"I would say that its better than tarraria in terms of crafting, exploration and building. But on the combat side terraria definitely wins."
76561198079436530,Recommended,211820,9212777,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Irongollem,"well i played both terrarai and this and i woud say that they are not ripe offs of each other both have diffrent item,wepons,and of cours bosses diffren well mostly diffrent ores and space ships well what i'm saying is that this and terrarai are nothing alike and both are good but i woud say this is better cuse of the bosses and that it's still in bate so a lot more stuff is gonna be added"
76561198068254864,Recommended,211820,9905002,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Newtime,You can be a bird.10/5
,Recommended,211820,30971768,Posted: 5 April,all,$krub r3ker,lit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit litlit lit
,Recommended,211820,29436457,Posted: 22 January,all,Xurify,I love this game! If your into 2D Sandbox Survival games or you wish that Terraria was more futuristic them you will most definitely love this game!
97425816342547251,Recommended,211820,30467182,Posted: 12 March,all,^Insert Name^ Desu Desu,love the game good fun would recomend
,Recommended,211820,7978969,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Blackstar,"Even though it may have a slow start, there is so much to explore, it has great animation, great game play, and much more.I have been hyped about this game for over a year now and i really recommend it!"
,Recommended,211820,24465717,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,TA | Skyborg,"11/10, would fall to death in cavern again."
76561198206575937,Recommended,211820,28620082,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Vasi,"Terraria w/ space, 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,31118944,Posted: 13 April,all,Technochips,Now this is what I call art.
76561198087146982,Recommended,211820,32501833,Posted: 17 June,all,Sloth,"Wonderful asthetics, thrilling combat, interesting lore. Love the artstyle, must buy for me."
,Recommended,211820,19595428,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Skidallion,"The Alpha was Quick to complete and showed heaps of potential, now the game is bigger, better and growing. Still not as vast and complicated as terraria. But its getting there with a different route.Space Terraria9/10"
,Recommended,211820,12235776,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,asdfjg;k,I bet you bought this game because you watched Star Trek. I also bet you call yourself a trekkie.
,Recommended,211820,8981545,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Frozen Today,"""It's just Terraria in space!""Who said that's a bad thing?Following this super weird early access craze, I'd say that out of all of the games you can get early on steam, Starbound is probably the one that's most worth your time. Even for a barely complete game, there's tons of content and progression for you to explore, and enough random content to keep your focus for a good amount of time. Bosses, planets to explore, dungeons and a randomized loot system leaves a lot to be discovered. Also, the Terraria comparison is really only surface level. There are several intricacies with both games that really set them apart from one another that come through after only a short amount of time playing with it.Of course, there are negatives. I tend to really only enjoy the game in multiplayer (Same goes for Terraria, though) and a lot of the progression seems slow and counterintuitive; by the time you find a better sword or what have you, chances are you're already able to craft one that's even better than the one you find. Not only that, but a lot of the planet environments and dungeons can get a bit samey. Still, these sorts of issues most likely will be fixed later in development, when balance and variety become more of a concern.The positives way outweigh the negatives and it's just an all around fun experience that I'd recomend to anybody. It's one of those games that you can make your own fun, and have amazing moments that you just couldn't have in a game with more set structure."
,Recommended,211820,33182542,Posted: 3 July,all,Cancer Weeb [I.S.E.A],"Please make it so ppl that made the bad choise of getting a Windows 10 computer, still be able to play their favorite game."
,Recommended,211820,9240602,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,BillboTheNegativePagan,"Minecraft in space. If you like aliens, and photographs of the inside of your fridge, this is great, but OBVIOUSLY ripped off Minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,9314746,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Mega Boi Troi,"Epic exploring game, any fans of terraria are gonna love this..."
,Recommended,211820,23545877,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,murky,best game ever put over 1000 hour no regret
,Recommended,211820,20654574,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,MilkShakes,"Through out all the different versions of this game, i've had so much fun and has created a lot of memories."
,Recommended,211820,7999416,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Tigg3R ⚡,"Starbound,is a mix out of the gameplay from terraria and the complexity structures from minecraft.if you love to farm, explore the underground, dig to hell, crafting for better tools/weapons to survive in new planets full of different monsters and dangerous environment ofcourse slay down bosses, then maybe you gonna love this game wich is full of beauty animated pixels and enjoyable music. :)1 thing to note: the development team for Starbound is a community orient forge, so feel free to suggest whats in your mind and what u want to see in starbound.out :)"
,Recommended,211820,7969041,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,PugChampion☠,If you like terreria then its well worth picking up while im more for the style of terreria this games really well done for what it is although my one gripe is them mostly getting rid of the procederaly generated monsters i thought that was a well done part of the game now you see the same monsters constantly kinda ruins the traveling to other planets too see what inhabits it but oh well still a good game.
76561198047067987,Recommended,211820,7999952,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,"Singed, now in stunning 19-D?","Great game, overwelming amount of content, randomly generated everything, infinite planets to explore. just all around an awesome game. It is like terraria in space.....Exept like...better. Derp. Anyway, It is still in beta so stuff may change but i think it is totally worth getting if you were one of those people who got waaay into terraria like i did.  C:Update: Though a great game, The only thing keeping it alive now are mods, half a year without any updates. The game has been in beta 1.0 for an absurd amount of time, The dev's banning the fan base for giving constructive critism, and the very linear placeholder for progression and lack of diffrence between races is killing the game. It doesn't matter what race you are, your armor and weapons simply look diffrent with the same stats, and you get no special abilities for your chosen race. The comunity is getting fed up and has lost patience for the Dev's. If something doesn't change soon this game will fade into a monument of smashed dreams and dissapointment. I hope the game is revived cause I have had hours of enjoyment and fun with friends on this game.'Update: Although the dev's seem to be working on content the problem is still the fact. they don't seem to want to add a single bit of it. I still avidly play this game, but that is with the assistance of some amazing mods, such as one implimented the promised but still not added nova kids, a build your own ship mod, and a mod called ""frakin flora"" which makes the game much less linear and adds a large amount of planets. Sadly the base game is still extremly linear and empty, and i recomend you hold off on buying it.Update: The dev's have pulled their♥♥♥♥♥♥together and I can once again recomend this game. Now complete with a completly revamped progression system more planets, more enemy types, wepaons. ships can be upgraded. missions and outposts. simply amazing work. In addition, the promised stretch goal content has been added, in addition to a story, multiple progression pathes, classes, and end game content."
,Not Recommended,211820,16646840,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,c h a p p y,gets boring
76561198019383677,Recommended,211820,13562087,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Heptan,You hear a lot about this game and while it is true it took them a while to update it I must say it was worth the wait. I just recently jumped onto the nightly build and the changes they have made have got me addicted to this game again. The new quest's are great fun and the nova kid cowboy theme is awesome.
,Recommended,211820,14235423,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Eliwood Tachi,Created Monkey man. Rped with Fish lady and FLower thing Cracked a plaent like deadspace. Made my ship into a♥♥♥♥♥♥ How do i get off the first planet?Deadspace/10
,Recommended,211820,14254675,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Weasel,"I am utterly baffled that so many people think the game has gotten worse over time. The game was so bare bones in its beta phase and is now overwhelming in content. The game hasn't changed at heart and gained a storyline to go with the mindless building. Anyone who believes the beta was better than the current patch is living in nostalgia and should be dismissedWith love,Someone who played the beta and 1.0"
76561198068586923,Recommended,211820,14338178,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Bladed Dragon,"This game is very well done. It takes a new thrust at survival games and adds more content to boot. I am very pleased with the new update and most of the bugs i saw were fixed. If you have played minecraft, terraria, or any other game of the like, you should try this."
76561198099789169,Recommended,211820,15207079,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Mr.Corgi,it is a amazing and extremly in depth and its only in its early stages so its great now and i bet will be even better in the future (note: making flares craftable is amazing :) )
76561198031985581,Recommended,211820,16481153,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BobaJob,"This game is definitely for the 'bit' gamer, the graphics are fun but thats not why you would play this game.2d scrolling crafting/building game. Particularly the building part is addictive, collecting various parts from around the planet you arrive on to create a unique and fine looking 'home'.The game introduces some quests to give some focus to your arrival, but is 'sandbox' - you can travel to any planets and explore any of them.The tech tree for the game means you end up fighting bosses and gaining particular items to upgrade your tech tree. These include automatic weapons and grenade launchers - which is nice.To me this game is a 'break from the norm' - its relaxing, fun and I still get to blow stuff up.There are alot of mods already for the game - particular favorites include star wars characters as NPC's etc.The only real negative is that (and i do find this with most of these sandbox survival ones so maybe its me) it becomes a chase up the tech tree to find and create the latest items and the planets and creatures on them do not have enough diversity to stay engaged for prolonged periods.Overall though there is plenty of content, development and mods to keep it interesting."
76561198140297131,Not Recommended,211820,16637974,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JbAlan,An overwhelming disappointment.2/10
76561198043601562,Not Recommended,211820,16659696,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Comrade Crackers™,Need to fix server setups to be more simpler. spejnt 5 hours trying to set one up and never worked :C
,Not Recommended,211820,16663863,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Caltrava,It's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,211820,16664332,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Xynt,"It's like Terraria, except boring and uninteresting."
76561198038748621,Not Recommended,211820,16726570,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,RexxySexy,I dont actually like this game but this is the game that taught me not to buy early access games ever again10/10
,Recommended,211820,17749401,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dragynoid,"There was a time, about a year ago, this game wasn't actively updated by the developers. It sat untouched for nearly a year, with things like body temperature and hunger to manage. Realistic, yes. Fun? Not as much as it could have been.Fast forward to now, and you can (and probably WILL) make your own settlement. Fish-folk, deadly plant-people, hyper-advanced monkeys and wingless birds living in a settlement run by a collection of plasma with guns.The music is fantastic. Curtis Schweitzer deserves much more credit for this than he does, it's some of the most gorgeous music I've heard in a video game in a very long time. The scenery is fantastic, and the universe feels endless. There's so much to explore- planets that are 90% water, planets that have long since frozen over, and more await you in the expanses of space.If you've been on the fence about Starbound, I implore you- try it. It's one of my favorite games, and it's only getting better."
76561198101752715,Recommended,211820,19985395,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,da mlg peashooter,Very fun game
76561198075163286,Recommended,211820,21813625,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Can I has a bucket,"Anyone, who scrolls down the page to the rewiev section doubts about buying the game. If you are reading this and you pondering about buying this game - do it. Right now. Buy this game.Now, why you should buy it:1)Terraria has got only one world with a few biomes in it. Starbound has thousands of procedurally generated worlds (Each world -Planet- is a different biome with several sub-biomes, depending on which system it's in. Frozen, acrid, fiery star systems and etc.)2) It has loads of swords, shotguns, hammers, rifles and all sorts of guns.3) Loads of randomly generated mosters4) Your own ship!5) Several races with their own culture and structures (Dungeons, villages, temples...)6) Multiplayer is quite the same as in Terraria (You can you one char to play singleplayer and multiplayer at once)7) The game is very atmospheric. Winter blizzards with howling wind, leaf rustling in the forest, your ship's humming in outer space...8) Char's customization is very nice. Each char is unique.9) Mods. Lots of mods.10) You can make your own colony!11) Char's animation is much smoother that terraria's.12) Story line, quests and missions13) The game is still in active development. More stuff is yet to be added.14) Friendly community (Furry and anime-friendly as well)Reasons not to buy this game1)Lags. (My PC is quite ♥♥♥♥♥♥, so it might be only my problem)2)If you don't have a friend to play with, you'll get bored after ~30 hours, because storyline is still not added"
,Recommended,211820,29368482,Posted: 19 January,all,Es-chan,"Identifying subject...Subject identified as ""Starbound""...Commencing review of subject.Starbound is a side-scrolling exploration and building game with a linear story-line. Observation from early release state the game did not have a linear story-line of now, but instead possessed potential for a separate story for each races. Since then, the plan has been scrapped and lack of consistent observation renders the progression tracking impossible for me.Multiplayer has gone smoother than earlier iteration, as one does not require setting up dedicated server to begin playing with friends or strangers, although playing with friends is recommended course of action to prevent mindless vandalism committed under anonymity. However, setting up a server is still a viable option as it will allow playing and advancing at all times without having one friend becoming the host and being disconnected from the game upon the host leaving.Game contents have shifted from more free-form exploration to following a story to progress through, which will guide the player towards more contents within the universe that had been generated. Once the first few hurdles are taken care of however, the player is free to progress as they choose with or without following the story.Modders community will also greatly enhance or diminish one's experience in this space-faring adventure, as some are enriching to what already exists, or will take down the difficulty and attempt to provide everything. I leave it up to individual player to decide what kind of mods they choose, or if they even choose to mod at all. Playing with mods will add extra challenges to hosting one's own dedicated server if that is in the player's mind.In comparison to Terraria, art style can be preferred as it is larger, and multitude of blocks as well as the option to simply right click and placing objects in the background provides great ease to construction, as well as not having to create ""wall"" blocks may be pleasant to some builders. However, this does pose challenge as to have a beautiful and natural-looking project, one must utilize more than a single kind of blocks and have more options in construction, but such difficulty is shared among Terraria, Minecraft and Starbound. However, Starbound lacks the options in Terraria where the natural foilage grows back on its own, or the ability to hit a block with hammer to create angles. The latter problem can be off-set by increasing the thickness of the floors and walls to simulate smoother diagonal lines with more blocks, but those wishing a waterfall creation will still find the options lacking.For those who care about combat, combat system is simple in that the monsters will have a pattern of attack they follow, but the procedural generation of monster can provide entertainment as one may never know just what a monster is capable of doing, with exception of unique monsters.For players who had not played Starbound in the past, it is a fun game that can have one see hours whistled away as if it was a moment.For players attempting to compare this with Terraria, this unit gives higher credit to Terraria in entertainment coming from combat, and the thrill of being attacked by hordes of monsters at night as one seeks succor from their own creation and survive.This unit's incompatibility with Minecraft leaves the comparison impossible due to the odd motion sickness that occurs during attempted plays with Minecraft.Review of subject completed.Returning to idle mode."
,Recommended,211820,24488199,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,n00bshr00m,Now I can finally recommend this. The story brings so much more to this game. The soundtrack is good and relaxing. There's lot of interesting weapons and armor for you to find. Love it.
,Not Recommended,211820,33300204,Posted: 5 July,all,Nixus Part1of2,"Just barely bought this game. Doesn't launch. There are no error messages, so I did some looking around on google, and I could see that many people had the same concerns, but there were no actual fixes."
,Recommended,211820,19077373,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,WannaBeEpic,The missions are good 8/10The whole galaxy/space idea is epic 10/10Its smiliar to Terraria but with missionsThe game - 10/10
,Recommended,211820,9889328,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Sny_Vs_Spyper,"You'd expect it to be along the lines of a space-terraria game, you'd be wrong!Yes, it has a relatively similar system, but it's got so much more to it (even in Early Access!), it's got villages, NPCs, tech(special powers), realistic enviroments(such as heat & oxygen) that require real adaptations, the ability to colonize any planet/group of planets.I'd go on with features but i'd be here for days, (Seriously!) and i don't have that kind of time. Especially since i have a breathtaking game to play called 'Starbound'!My thanks to the developers!Haven't stopped playing it for weeks, keep up the good work!Would recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,7999680,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,you'll cowards,10/10 great terraria dlc.
,Recommended,211820,17233131,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Trashy,"A full exploration game that's already so filled with worlds, quests and loot that it can compete with some of those AAA games out there. Great atmosphere and sountrack, stunning views and freedom of movement, an abitily to go wherever and whenever you want just charms me indefinitely. Something that is surely worth buying and playing with your friends."
76561198098278191,Recommended,211820,17099661,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Cambodian Dangerous,"Have you ever wanted to bathe in a liquid so white and thick it kinda looks like........... Milk but from a weiner, well this is the game. There are so many uses for alien juice, here is a list:1. Fill your home with it2. Fill your ship with it3. Fill your mouth with it4. SO MUCH MOREThe choices are endless.10/10 Would Alien Juice again"
76561198179664422,Recommended,211820,17111158,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,B0n Thumen Model,"Starbound is a very intresesting turn on sandboxes. Starbound has weapons that you could not find in terreria or minecraft. Starbound does not limit you to just one planet you can explore different galaxyies and planets with different terrains, biomes, structures, and difficulty. Starbound lets you customize your own ship in many different ways. Starbound is an amazing and complex game for being in early acsess and i highly recommend it to others who are fans of terrreria or minecraft or sanboxes in general."
,Recommended,211820,17230161,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,ToastiChron,"I think that after 178 hours of gameplay it is safe to say:This is a good game.This game does a lot of things right:- Good crafting system (Based on different tiers that need to be unlocked via quests and bosses)- Multiplayer- Dungeons and Bosses- Quest (Even if some are pointless, they are fun none the less)- Background lore for a good roleplaying base- Character creation (Can be modified with mods)- The fact that there are mods.- Instruments. That play music. LOVE ITShould you buy the game?Well, if you like other titles like Minecraft or Terraria, then Starbound will be a good add in your collection.Oh and don't be bothered by the unfrequent updates. If you check the forums onplaystarbound.com, that's where they post updates like every day."
,Recommended,211820,24462671,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,tosti the toast,"amazing music, beautiful background, YOU CAN BE A SPACE COWBOY!!!smooth and dinamic gameplay!!SPACE COWBOY!!!no you cannot build your ship BUT you can put stuff inside and even change the wallsSPACE COWBOYS DUDE!!!!bored of the same planet? TRAVEL TO OTHER ONE!! explore everything!!!SPACECOWBOYS!!!id rate this game spacecowboy/10"
76561198071698929,Recommended,211820,32521923,Posted: 17 June,all,Zxero_g,"Fantastic Game, However the story is too damn short (Needs more missions and quests for main story). Also, in order to enjoy this to its fullest You will need a mod called Frackin Universe (otherwise you will burn through this game in no time.)One more thing: Semper Fi is reserved for the USMC (United States Marine Core), not the USCM (United Systems Colonial Marines). I get the reference, but there is a lot of history behind the phrase and its relation to the United States Marine Core. Your colonial marines are bad guys, The US Marine Core are NOT bad guys. Thus its quite insulting to say they are the same thing. If the colonial marines were friendlies and not hostiles ( in regards to the player ) then the comparison would be legit. A Marine would not attack someone unless they are an immediate threat or an enemy (and unless they were an immediate threat, they would still have to wait for orders)."
,Recommended,211820,20329693,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Waffle,Awesome game
,Recommended,211820,29409921,Posted: 21 January,all,го́пник,I played All Star on a ♥♥♥♥ing keyboard. This is truely the best game.
01110000011001010,Recommended,211820,13171865,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,flesky,da grfics in dis gam r so bad it loks liek a buthol!!!!1!!!!1!!!!11!!!
,Recommended,211820,13172820,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Terapayne,"I admit I have a biased point of view on this game, for one reason or another I have very fond memories of it. Regardless, though, it is a very good game. Shame it wont be updated anymore as if more work went into it then it would be a massively great game. Try it out anyway."
76561198127023219,Recommended,211820,15342142,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Avizzo,"Played the beta, it was good♥♥♥♥♥♥ Still good."
,Recommended,211820,13161611,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[D.W.L]Sir.Toasty420,"AMAZING! GLITCH4LIFE IGN 10/10 LIKE SKYRIM WITH GUNS, so yeah its brilliant game."
,Recommended,211820,13070798,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Rizzo,"You see a lot of ""not recomended"" reviews for this game from people with 100+ hours played. Even though the game launching screen counts as time played, they still only paid $15. This game was REALLY FUN in co-op with friends and we didn't have to buy a $60 release either. We could spend hours just digging down into a planet and finding cool♥♥♥♥♥♥ I basically played a whole game already and once 1.0 comes out i'll pick it up again. I would only feel like the $15 wasn't worth it if I had put more hours into terraria before playing this game, but I think it was worth the $15 for sure."
,Recommended,211820,13162986,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,tilde,"Starbound is an amazing game. At first glance, it looks like a Terraria clone, but it is far from it. Starbound adds the unique element of space travel and many other game elements that are original to the game. The gameplay is great and the music is absolutely astonishing. I would give this game a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,211820,17748985,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,:b:heater :b:id,it's ok
76561198007584533,Recommended,211820,30526314,Posted: 15 March,all,Coal Man,"I bought this game about a year ago when I finished terraria and was basically jonesing for more terraria. It was still in beta at the time and from what I saw I assumed it had been abandoned and that's where it would stay. It was ok, I played it for like 20 hours and enjoyed the music and the crafting, then I let it sit for a while. A couple months ago I reinstalled it and was pleasantly surprised to find it out of beta and much more complete.If I have one recommendation it is to download all of the Frackin' Universe mods before you start the game. They take an already expansive game and multiplies it tenfold, while keeping the core story and elements as the focus of gameplay. I've rarely seen mods blend so seamlessly into a game, and certainly not any mods of this size. Amazing work.In any case this game was good enough to pull me back even in its unfinished state. At this point I've put in upwards of 400 hours and finished the game, and I feel pretty certain I'll swing back around for another playthrough at some point. Definitely got my money's worth and then quite a bit."
76561198113261351,Recommended,211820,17743852,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,SULwick,"This is one of the MOST AMAZING games I've EVER played! If you are debating on whether or not to get this game...GET IT!!!! If you enjoy sandbox and adventure games, this is one you'll love! This game is constantly being updated with fantastic new features and it just makes it SUPER fun and exciting! I hope this review has helped you! If you end up getting this game...HAVE FUN!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,17744255,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Trumpkin,"Found a flying airship, bought some guns from themUsed the same guns to murder everyone and claim the airship as my own.I now do common raids on small villages, leaving only one man behind to tell the story."
,Recommended,211820,33098966,Posted: 1 July,all,Shame™,good
76561197970507884,Not Recommended,211820,29129703,Posted: 8 January,all,sultan68,"I _WANTED_ to like this game.  I really did.  But with no way to map the planets/caverns, and no pausing the game (in single player) for REAL LIFE THINGS, it's a deal breaker.Maybe future updates will bring these essentials...UPDATE: Spacefarer Update 1.3 added the ability to pause the game--finally!  Still waiting on the minimap!"
,Recommended,211820,23391855,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Atlas1205,"I could never get into this game as much as i wanted to.This was almost like my dream game back to 2013 and 14.Yet, it is still better than many indie games out there."
76561198174486234,Recommended,211820,24486760,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Shmendy,One of the best sandbox games I've ever played.
,Recommended,211820,7969892,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,bryan,Me and my friend Laurence absolutely adore this game!Brilliant 10/10 and it's still in beta.Although there is a lack of tanks and guns like in battlefield 4! But it doesn't matter!
76561198153292198,Recommended,211820,24486255,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ZaeCathe,"[EDITED]Hello, everyone.On the surface, this game may seem like a clone to the popular game Terraria, which I own. But this game goes much further than Terraria and I personally place this as one of my favorite games of all time. There was so much new content that has been added since the previous updates, when this new content, such as the plot, crafting devices, GUIs, and much more, was only available via Starbound- Unstable Nightly mode on steam, and now this content has been made official.This game feels and looks fun to play, with races to play, a giant community to back up the game, and so much potential. You just want to start building from day 1 in the game.Since the beta versions, there was never any protectorates, no relics, no reason for the sudden dissapearance. This was just a simple sandbox game that you would use just to build stuff or beat the crap out of everything. Now there is actual plot, interesting missions, and much more content packed into this tight little package of a game. Honestly, there's so much to explore and even after playing this game for so long I was still wowed by most of the newer stuff in this game.Multiplayer is still so much fun, maybe even more so than before. I've played with my dad on the Nightly 0.9 package the before the game was released and I had so much fun. Me and my dad died more times than I can count, we ended up taking shelter inside a rotten tower in my starter planet just to survive!In conclusion, there is so much content than the Beta edition of the game and this game is so worth your money. I would recommend this to anyone who like building, sci-fi, or thought Terraria was a good game.9.9/10 would die from a monster on your starter planet again."
76561198128265867,Recommended,211820,24486673,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BeakySneaky,"Very good game but feels like it's missing something. Has a cool Minecraft survival feel, also space exploration and ship upgrading are cool features. Boss fights are solid and fun. Survival is not the whole basis of the game but I spent a good hour learning the game and another 2 hours trying to get off the first planet. Once you fix your ship  and acquire fuel, space exploration feels pretty fun. Fuel is a little of a burden to get, but  when you get a abundance of it you are pretty much set. Has ok survival game elements. Multiplayer is very exciting, but you have to join servers if you don't want to set up a server. I recommend the iLoveBacons server (Website:http:// http://ilovebacons.com/) Otherwise Starbound has great customization as long as you know how to code. Some examples are custom armor, songs , and weapons. Overall, great game 7.5 out of 10 good game to play with friends."
,Recommended,211820,23422902,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,2 13 11,"Every one who likes Terraria, Minecraft and/or Games that look more Pixel style should really try this game!Positive:-Infinit universe to explore-A cool Mix of any weapons-A Kinda pokèmon System-Awesome looking armors-minigames-MultiplayerAnd much much more."
76561198161043163,Recommended,211820,24462540,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,JAJA,"I have been enjoying this game since it was first announced.  Every update, blog post, and character wipe yet they always brought in stuff to make me go wow.  10/10"
76561197969633787,Not Recommended,211820,17514698,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Clean Cup,"I just can't bring myself to play this game anymore. I piced up Terraria and it's just better.Also, STILL in Alpha?Never will leave it.Guaranteed."
,Not Recommended,211820,20516840,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Punns,"Would not Recommend.Bought near end of 2013 when they stated the game was close to release with post support....2.1 years later and this game is still in EAccess. This game was the lesson for me to never buy EAccess games. Sorry Chucklefish, you guys chocked after getting the 1$ million and got a little too comfy. I've officially given up on this game being a full release.Game was fun when i played with friends, but the constant player wipe for every stable release killed any fun i had. There weren't many objectives/quests to do at the time i played. A item/monster glossary would have helped to figure out where to get some items to go truly go hunting around the galaxy tiers. Maybe at some point I might give it a go, but I am techinically done with this game. Too bad, had a lot of potential back in the day. Nowadays there are other games in full 3D that gives this concept more meaning. Let's hope they also don't choke on promises."
,Recommended,211820,7932562,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Convenient Spider,"It's a lot like Terraria, except that its not; it is its own entity altogether and not just some ol' clone.There are actual quests, backstories and supposed NPC's (haven't gotten that far yet) as well as a good few races that you can make your character; ranging from Birdman and Flower-thing to Average Joe and Robot person.Controls require a bit of getting used to (right-clicking to place background walls, mouse-hovering over crafting tables/furnaces and pressing E to use them). Not to mention that if you attack the wrong monster, a horde of them will hunt you down at blinding speed, or crowd you from above, which gives hunting for food and killing monsters in general some difficulty itself.10/10, 7/7 arses, is rly good. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,211820,18543286,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,5th dimensional real nigga,An outstanding game with an amazing hidden lore. Its like Terraria but better and in space.Im addicted. I love the mechanics and the way the characters move. Its a 10/10.
,Recommended,211820,18830210,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Stormyrocks,"I played this game back when it was just first starting out. Even though there was no main plot or much story at all (aside from Kodexs) the exploration held the game together just fine. Every planet felt different and the generated structures never felt too repeated. Now the game has come out to 1.0 and the storyline has been added and tons of more dungeons and boss fights redone. I haven't finished the game yet, but the only problem I see is the artifact finding of each race. This can get annoying at times and can take hours to complete. If you find yourself getting frustrated I recommend just exploring at your own will for awhile then heading back to the quest. Don't get too caught up with it, the game wasnt made to rush. They want you to explore and dig around, and the game make its very rewarding. The sense of accomplishment is there, unless you die and lose all your stuff XD. (Would not play this on hardcore, sounds like a terrible idea from the start). That being said, I would recommend this game for the sake of taking time off your hands giving you a little challenge along the way. Even though this game isn't a 3D game I recommend it more than No Mans Sky, which was supposed to deliver on the same concept of exploring and feeling rewarded after taking your time to get every detail of the planet you're on. I believe this game is cheaper too."
,Recommended,211820,18678202,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Nix,This is a game. frickin play it.
,Recommended,211820,14273071,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Green tea neko  (づ｡◕‿‿◕｡)づ,OMG this game is amazing new update is amazing aswell♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥pants so gud
,Recommended,211820,14274933,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Dimple,"Can anyone explain why my profile has been dleted after patch... (Other than that, amazing game..)"
,Recommended,211820,9115294,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,AIDAN,"""It's like Terraria, but in space!"" -Maybe if you're severely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, yeah. This game is nothing like Terraria. In fact, I'd compare it to Call of Duty: Ghosts as it is a top quality, triple A blockbuster FPS. In Starbound, you play as 1 of 6 races (or a human if you're really that ♥♥♥♥ing lame) and you scour the galaxy for ♥♥♥♥♥es to ♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥♥ to eat. Unlike Terraria, the developers put all the good ore on the surface of the planet, so you don't spend stupid amounts of time where you could be jacking off digging into the earth for no good reason. Also, there's villages and NPCs, so you can pretend like you have friends that play with you and live a paranoid schizophrenic's dream - most of the previously stated villages are actually really ♥♥♥♥ing useless and it's more fun ♥♥♥♥ing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the villagers and going on massive genocides of plants people who speak like they have ♥♥♥♥ing tourette's and threaten to lick your nutsack because, you know - they're vicious plant people.Crazy, right.Of course, the game is still in beta so there's not much to do except get full armor on your female Hylotl, print a picture out a picture of it, then furiously ♥♥♥♥ all over the picture because you're a filthy shitbag.All in all, Starbound is a game that'll make you wish you were dead, or at least have your nutsack clipped to the top of the Empire State building while pidgeons take turns pecking at your nipples and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in your mouth. Or both.8/10"
,Recommended,211820,7999403,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Yung'Cinnabon,"I LOVE THIS GAME, im even buying the sound track to support the devs!"
,Recommended,211820,10666545,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SNEK,I enjoyed this game because I could experiment with many cooking recipes and had fun exterminating filthy villagers.
,Not Recommended,211820,12143755,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,PrincipalGuerrero,"Do you want another game like cube world? where the devs and their team simply rip you off for your money on a game that will never be updated or completed! then this game is for you! , the last update was 4-26-2014!! updates also include full character wipes and everything along the lines of pure dissapointment! Dont Buy this now!"
,Recommended,211820,12384878,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Runi,There are giant anuses with legs and they make fart noises.
76561198040323960,Not Recommended,211820,12242409,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Wubs4Scrubs,"This game lacks any sort of unique content, and is essentially a grind fest of boring monsters and bosses ripped out of terraria, and somehow made worse. Plus after just a little experience on the forums I can confirm that the community managers are complete idiots. They ban people for seemingly no reason and try to silence criticism in any way. This game has been in ""early access"" for a long time now, and almost nothing has changed. No cool powers or weapons, no unique monsters, dugeons, or bosses, and this game has been in development for almost as much time as terraria (A FAR superior game.) Don't buy this game if you like terraria, just play terraria instead. No content here is unique, or fun at all. Progression is just rinse and repeat with less content as you get further.3/10  Devs are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ game is boring and a rip off"
,Not Recommended,211820,12378312,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,ITzCR33P3Rz,I would very much enjoy this game but im left handed and there is no options to change the controls
76561198128504189,Recommended,211820,14283823,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bonebrah,"This game is very well polished and has delivered on everything I expect from a sci-fi 2d miner/crafter. Edge of Space fooled me with flashy trailers and almost made me swear off Early Access alltogether but this game has made up for that. Can't wait to see what else comes out of this game, I will continue playing and definitely recommend this if you loved Terraria but want a sci-fi theme."
,Recommended,211820,13567488,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Madjed,"This is my first review on any of the games and Sorry In Advance if I have any grammatical or spelling mistakes.There are many Fun Things as well as stuff to discover in this game, I won't go on and tell you what you will discover and won't spoil the joy of discovery (I just used lots of discover didn't I?)Keep in mind that this game is in beta so there might be lots and lots of new thing added. Well if you think you need these ""new things"" asap and can't wait for the update, you have the power to download a mod. Let's say this game is a 2D minecraft but.... with more possibilities and better graphics I guess... AND LOTS OF WORLDS AND DUNGEONS, it's like in borderlands random gun generator, but here we have coordinates of different worlds (planets) for every computer! so yeah... if you found a good planet with diamonds, city and NPC you can share the coordinates and both of you might get great loot.This game is awesome! I have nothing against it but there is one problem! If you delete  (uninstall) the game you will lose the character saves and all the epic loot. Let's hope it will be fixed soon."
76561198070510797,Recommended,211820,14285783,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Puchard,"Going to write a serious review this time.The game offers so much to do. There's the initial campaign, exploring planets, and upgrading your weapons/armor, loot ruins underground, find hidden cities. Then there's just a bunch of side things you can do, ranging from building bases to meeting alien races that will join your crew. You can run a farm to collect materials, raise alien animals and get materials from them, grow crops, etc.Just when you think you're bored you can build your own colony, charge alien races that live in your colony, and profit.I see people complain about restriction, but the only restriction is upgrading your equipment to explore harsher environments. In fact it is there so players need to experience more of what they can do in the game.And best of all it's all for $15, no dlc necessary. You can play with friends easily, cross platform."
,Recommended,211820,13552096,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,jeeB,"Replaced my friends, family, education, and job.10/10 would ruin my life again."
,Recommended,211820,14265884,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,CountDracus,"This game is so much fun, I wish my friends would play it though. :("
76561198072363259,Recommended,211820,14424869,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Kyuratsang,1/1 awsom
,Recommended,211820,8406176,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ares,"Amazing game! This is even better than I first thought. Brilliant music and immersive gameplay, this is one of my favourite games."
76561198058512337,Recommended,211820,9946433,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Tuna-Bandit-Kelet,Nice Game just hate when I lose some of my stuff when it updates
76561198061198733,Recommended,211820,9812126,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Juicy McMelons,its fun challenging and insane you can be a monkey and streak who dosent wanna do that you can evan troll your friends by putting dirt everywhere and find instrements so you can ROCKOUTINSPACE im giving it 9/10
76561198047987135,Recommended,211820,9953383,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,persavvy,"10/10There is so much to see and do in this game, it blows the mind. The graphics are delightfully charming, combat is simple, and the story is as complex as you want it to be. The crafting system is straightforward, and materials are in abundance. And if you can't find what you need on one planet, there is an entire universe to explore. Don't like your starting planet? You can make any planet your home planet. Find one you like and take it over. And the character creator! There are so many options to choose from! I sometimes have to remind myself that this is still a beta."
76561198071888270,Recommended,211820,13976336,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Starlight Glimmer,"This game, regardless of its 16-bit (or however many bits it is) graphics, is still stunning to play (figuratively of course, if it was literally stunning you wouldn't get very far due to said paralysis). This game is very deep, with a massive amount of items, plenty of different biomes, and a nearly endless universe to explore. No two planets are the same, at least not that I've found, and if there are two of the same planet, that's some coincidence there.Anyway, if you like Minecraft or Terraria, or anything of that genre, I recommend this thing. My review doesn't do it justice (mostly because I'm too lazy to talk much about it), but just play the thing. Even if you don't like either one, you might want to give this a try, it certainly brings its own sort of style (or whatever it is) to the genre, and is one of my favorite computer games.If it's this good while it's still in beta (which it is at the time of this review), just imagine how good it will be once it's actually released!(unless it turns out like BK Nuts & Bolts, because that game was pathetic compared to the other Banjo-Kazooie games... I'm getting off topic, aren't I? I mean, N&B wasn't bad, but... why am I making this comparison when this has nothing to do with Starbound?)"
76561198132396284,Recommended,211820,24566809,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,goon,Beat the final boss and got a thank you card.10/10 would play again
76561198015337461,Not Recommended,211820,29684708,Posted: 3 February,all,Holgual,"Over 200 hours but most of this was in older versions that were more sandboxy. I gave it a shot with the new storymode and it was ok, predictable and just ok. I have no desire to ever play thru the story a 2nd time.Starbound could use some events that actively randomly trigger and try to kill you and or your buildings. Stuff is just too docile overall and stale and lifeless feeling.This suffers the same issues as many other procedurally generated infinite games. Lets not make Trillions of planets when about 25 would do just fine. If they were all slightly unique youd never need any more than that. All Desert planets have the same things as any other Desert planet. Variety is the spice of life, not 10,000 slightly different chocolate chip cookies.Building is pretty neat and fairly easy compared to games Ive played like this. Getting acess to all the building materials and styles on the other hand can be a chore you may not care to do if thats all you wanted to do. Probably a mod for that though.Another that I wish had a maybe option. Steam add a ""kinda"" or ""so so"" not just Yes and No."
,Recommended,211820,8733034,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Arty,Buy it
,Recommended,211820,18960701,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Yowie17,"This is one of the games that made me join the steam community. It is a buy that I do not regret making. Starbound is a great exploration game, and it is still growing more expansive. Overall it is a great buy, if you like exploration, 2-D games, or being part of an active community, then this is a good game for you."
,Recommended,211820,7947416,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,＜コ:彡 Dooksquid4,"""10/10 its okay"" -IGN"
76561198180338334,Recommended,211820,18255840,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Chilly,THIS GAME IS AMASING
,Recommended,211820,32302657,Posted: 9 June,all,texascraigs,This is an amazing game go try it out
76561198271138604,Recommended,211820,24480930,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Vortex,My friend told me to get this game and i thought (this is not gunna be a good game becuase i do not like sandbox games that much) but when i bought it and played it i totally loved it. It is a great game here are the things i like about this game guns/npcs/missions/pets/cutscenes/etc. 11/10 great game wuld play again.
,Recommended,211820,24481025,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Doctor Flubbers,"this game was amazing a year ago, I can tell you its great now."
,Recommended,211820,9562343,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Student 29,it is very fun to play singleplayer and if you can get on a server it is also very fun to play with you friends. I would consider this to be one of the best games I have even brought on steam ive had it for around two years and since I started playing the game it has only ever go better with every patch that was released. It has one of the best gaming soundtracks ever which is well worth the £3.99 you pay for it and I has one of the most fun gameplay and progression systems I have ever seenI would highly recommend this game to anybody well worth every penny
,Recommended,211820,8560768,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Viridys,"Starbound is what certain other sandbox crafting and mining games should have been. Honestly, playing Starbound has actually made me regret purchasing games like Terraria and Minecraft. On it's own, it stands as an exploration game full of adventure, discovery, and challenge; I still haven't run out of new things to find and entertain myself with. There is so much less grinding in this game than in others and I find myself constantly facing new challenges and excitement. This game is definitely one worth purchasing, especially if it's on sale."
76561198115800004,Recommended,211820,9602293,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,ChimpanJoe,"Space ships , Space planets , Space horses , Space Terraria , Space characters. Space everythingSpace rating? 10/10"
76561198101071264,Recommended,211820,24918592,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,combatcake,It's fun but Terraria is better.
76561198121920127,Recommended,211820,24469535,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Rexy,Its like a 2-d no mans sky
76561198140198168,Recommended,211820,30694588,Posted: 23 March,all,Onyxsky,Spectacularly magnificent!!I love this game!!!
,Recommended,211820,26496086,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Varenth Luggmar,An amazing game lots of stuff to do and some really challenging quest
,Recommended,211820,8959143,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,friendship,Who is Iron Honk?
,Recommended,211820,24557725,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,narwhal,Never played Mincraft or Terraria before. Game sounded intriguing so I bought it since it was cheap. Thought I would be bored with it because Minecraft and Terraria have never appealed to me. Got hooked on the story and just having fun.There seem to be tons of missions and quests to do in the main hub area that feel like a lot of progress has to be made to acocmplish them.Currently I am in Tier 4 gear after about 30 hours of playtime and still the game is challenging.I am so hooked at this point I started a dedicated server and can't even remember where the time went when I do play. If I am not playing I am working on my server configuraiton; and I haven't even gone admin mode yet. Starbound definitely has the Civ-syndrome of just 1 more.... If this doesn't stop I might accidentally miss work; if I did not already (someone tell me if I missed work). I am excited for mods that are possible that will even extend the game beyond the vanilla game.This game is deifnitely worth the look/price at release. Everyone I know that played it in early access seems to hate it. Well done devs on release. I feel I have gotten my money's worth on the game and then some.
76561198088377084,Recommended,211820,23083935,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,calligraphy,holy crap I love this game all the hype for 1.0!
76561198074209645,Recommended,211820,23659317,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sensual Dwarf,"I bought this game a week into my degree while I had to flu.it was fun as hell despite a lack of content, But seriously almost 3 years later the game still hasn't had a full release.In all honesty I'd say get it if you're looking for somthing to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with your friends on for a bit.It will get old quickly, But at £12 it's a good game."
,Recommended,211820,8039251,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Leigh Uzumaki,wowmuch spacesuch customizedo buymuch getsuch 10/10
,Recommended,211820,7918717,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Metapod,Amazing. Must play.
76561198078310980,Recommended,211820,19590155,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MichaelZMX,"This game far Exceeds anyone Expectations, Private servers can be used public servers and all kinds of stuff the game is still heavily in devlopment, but with Holiday items Rare items and Randomly generated planets to the point where your never on the same planet in the same system at all makes it a challenge! This game is worth the 14.99 and should be played by many!"
76561197986971733,Not Recommended,211820,29170468,Posted: 10 January,all,i am a pizza,"There are just too many annoying little things that add up to make this game hard to play. The number 1 thing that I disliked was the hunger meter. I don't mind there being a hunger meter, but it depletes even when your character is standing still, meaning that if you want to AFK to look at the starbound wiki, or look at a video, it means you need to exit the game. Not cool.Tech upgrades don't feel like upgrades. You can get augmentations to your character to change how your dash ability, morph ball clone, and jump mechanics work, but most of these things are only marginally useful in niche situations, or actually are downgrades to the base tech options. I seem to remember the game being way more fun back in beta when tech cost energy to use and didn't have long cooldowns. This system which is supposed to provide quality of life upgrades to the character's movement actually makes the game a chore. That system needs to be reworked.This is a space game and I have not seen one directed energy weapon. No lasers No death rays. Not a complaint that really factors into my overall opinion, but just something I just thought of.At some point some genius decided to add fetch quests into the game to justify having NPCs at all. This usually means either dredging up resources from somewhere to give to a guy, who then makes YOU craft it into a thing, or it means that you do a quest that requires you to walk to the other side of the planet, kill some guys, find some guy, or buy a thing. These quests are buggy and they break all the time. I've had to abandon more than a few quests that have gotten stuck. But my biggest issue with it is that these quests are so mundane. They never lead into anything besides ""get me the thing. here's a bag"". Couldn't some of these quests have unique boss battles? Couldn't some of these lead into scripted events that are specific to the biome you have to complete them in?Fall damage is a huge thing in this game, and there isn't any way to prevent it. The game would probably be a hundred times more playable if you were able to prevent fall damage in some way. Which goes back to my complaints about the tech upgrades. Except for in terms of combat, there is no sense of progression. A fall at the beginning of the game will hurt you as badly as a fall at the end of the game. Again, we're in space. Where's my jetpack? Rocket boots? Personal Anti-gravity sphere?There's a lot to talk about that makes starbound a good game, and you'll see people talking about it in other reviews, but I think some of this stuff here drags it down a lot to the point where I can't recommend it. Too many things that make the game fun are interrupted by the game's own tedious and frustrating shortcomings."
76561198059830494,Recommended,211820,29173164,Posted: 10 January,all,Loke,"One of the best sand box games I've played. I would recomend it mostly to people who like the graphics style and 2D platforming elements. There are a number of other products that fill the same slot, but this is a little game with a lot of heart. I've followed it since Beta and the devs have done numerous updates and continue to do so (at least as of this post). There's a lot of elements that have been worked into and out of this game through the last few years; and at any point it could have been called finished and still would have been an acceptable game for the price. The developers just keep polishing it and at this point the game is almost a jewel in and of itself, for all the hidden secrets and small touches that have been added.AN IMPORTANT PIECE OF ADVICE- this game will do major updates regulary; which will cause you to lose all your progress and saves. While some of the fun for this style of games is in starting fresh, and rediscovering the game. It can be really frusterating to lose an end game character with a fully developed planet featuring a lovingly crafted colony equaling 20+ hours of work. So all the hard work can be for naught, you have to be willing to accept it and move on; or buy one of the other 80+ games in this genre."
,Recommended,211820,27328942,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Frozone,Starbound is a perfect mix of what Terarria was and what No Mans Sky could've been. Then added more good♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,24888750,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,BigWeinerGuy,Glad that i bought this 2 years ago!
,Recommended,211820,24548845,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Yuqian,"we need  chinese ,we need  chinesewe need  chinesewe need  chineseplease !!thank you"
,Recommended,211820,9724238,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jecrell,Not many games these days can make you feel like you're both immersed in your own creative juices and immersed in exploration like Starbound can. This is truly a sandbox masterpiece!
76561198044872992,Recommended,211820,7963112,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Shatter,ill be honest withj you this game at first for me was very overwelheming but as i keep playing i notice more and more its like terrira but instead of 1 world hundreds of other world just waiting to be explore with you or some of your friends plus it has mmorpg elements have over a thusand people in one server just really extrodiany game this is. I Seriously love this game this is definely one game i will be playing for a long time
,Recommended,211820,8539895,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,ComradeWinston,"When I first tried Minecraft, building felt tedious and within a few hours I pretty much never played again. The one reason I can enjoy this game is the more convenient two dimension perspective that makes building whatever you want a far simpler process.It isn't a very complex game but who said every game needs to be complex."
,Not Recommended,211820,8849215,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,^2GRAPES,it sucks
,Not Recommended,211820,10268002,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,cathal,"Truly awful. Chucklefish need to learn how to make a game. This has flopped before it even launched due to:~A lack of things to do~Emphasis on design over gameplay (More artists than coders)~Terribly small updates that just take from modsI have no plans to go near this game again. Chucklefish are already hopping onto their next cash cow whilst trying to become a publisher.Starbound, die please."
,Not Recommended,211820,10335167,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,joe,"Do not buy, it was fun for a few hours; it's lack on content kills it. I hate this ""Early Access""♥♥♥♥♥♥ developers should release a game when it is 100% done, not this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Buy the game when it gets released."
,Recommended,211820,20118827,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Конокрад злодей,"This game made want to kill myself after ♥♥♥♥ings wipes every time lol, so funny (pls if u reading this pls end my suffering lol)"
,Recommended,211820,31156374,Posted: 15 April,all,KittyBubuh,It's amazing how an indie game has this much detail in it! Story is short but exploring is mega fun in it! With mods you can take that to a whole new level. Then it's even more epic. If you want to build a colony then it's even more fun. Greatly recommend it for anyone that likes these kinds of games!
76561198118660415,Recommended,211820,14249018,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bastille,"I'd say yes to this game, even as they have the update a little bit too late.If you guys haven't known, the dev's of the game were busy migrating to one placeIf that was really true, that explains the reason why they've had a big delay on updatesIn total, starbound is really ""unfinished"" but the thing is, it still has room to add in large amounts of details.At it's current state it is very enjoyable in my opinion"
76561198002604254,Recommended,211820,8010114,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,EspoDude,"Alot of fun, not hard to learn.  Only con is that its IP Address COOP joining only."
76561198007799424,Not Recommended,211820,9221573,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Epitaph Sauce,"What a trash game. Doesn't even work anymore. Good updates guys. Keep up the great work on breaking something that was working in the first place, you incompetent fools."
,Recommended,211820,8462255,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Heyitsian,wow. such fun. much planets. many hours. buy pls. no regrets. wow.
76561198111350656,Not Recommended,211820,10208944,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,shawn0zimmerman,Well This game is realy lacking in game play. As it stands its not a true sandbox type of game. They force you to follow a upgrade path that at times makes no sence. And as for general game play you quickly run out of things to do. Unless you like making the same looking bases or exploring the same village or dungeon for the hundreth time you will get bored fast. As for building its not as complex or fun to build in 2d. The updates at this point are none grata its been months and nothing. The player base is long gone and the community is mopstly fan boys who are not freindly to newcomers. Like all early Access Games this was fun when it first started but after a while its dead in players and hope of being finished. Best to try another game since this is a failer as it stands.
,Recommended,211820,8486309,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,bjorkman,.
,Recommended,211820,9560482,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Rotten,now i have space autism thanks steam
,Recommended,211820,24472700,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[SD3]Yumcake,"WOW, this game is pretty awesome now. I'm really impressed with the work they've accomplished since I first looked at this game when it launched into early access so very long ago. It's pretty much exactly what I hoped for as a new step up from Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,26447719,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,send them to siberia,"There's lots to do, the game runs nice, the game looks nice, its fun, and the story is pretty good. Also, You can explore space for pretty much forever. I love the races in this game. Overall, I would recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,8387936,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,BabeMagnet69,This game is AMAZING!!!!
76561198121514233,Recommended,211820,8844837,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,CS.MONEY Der Bastard,Very good game.
76561198089989828,Not Recommended,211820,9102135,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,floboug,"For the first 15 hours you will enjoy this game :- fun digging- chests- nice places/villages/""dungeons""- You start to amenage your ""home"" and your spaceship- After some bad experience you will learn how to skip some major bugs (avoid Alt tab for exemple) and keep your items or characters --> yipeeAfter a while you will discover that :- You cannot really craft (in the minecraft way) : you will just ""scavenge"" pre-existing nice places, it is faster- You found a way to create villagers or gards or even merchants ? In fact they will disapear ... That stink, yes.- Digging in 2D will bore you, at last- monsters are really not interesting to kill (not speaking about ""boss"") Anyway you can only hit in front of you, with close weapons.- You cannot sell anything nor interact with npc, too bad isn' t it ?Ah ... i forgot ... i experienced a new bug : change the zoom level twice and your game screen in fullscreen mode will be reduce to a 5 cm square one.I hope people will read this review and rate it, i really recommand not to support this game !-----------------------------------------Five monthes later : they added quests ..."
,Recommended,211820,8752590,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Mama Farthole,early access
76561198255776120,Recommended,211820,24892234,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dudeman567,"Great Graphics,Great Controls,Great EverythingDefinetely worth the cash"
,Recommended,211820,9162184,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Geralt of Rivia,"The Early Acsess Starbound has very little glitches, or kinks, the only to mentian is getting to Volcaniic Planets, which ONLY occor in the Last Sector, X. With that being said, starvbound can be picked up and played for just 15$, and progress can be made in 10Mins, so you could just play here and there and eventually get to X sector, having put over 160 Hours into starbound i must say it is a truly amazing game, the first to TRULY captivate my attention Since Skyrim or Minecraft, which i still years later play. In Short, Its 15$ Well Spent."
,Recommended,211820,32360378,Posted: 12 June,all,Slick,Amazing!!!!!!! :SBpenguin::SBpenguin::SBpenguin::SBpenguin::SBpenguin:
,Recommended,211820,9405836,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,𝚂𝚙𝚘𝚘𝚔𝚘𝚕𝚊,"Simple the best game ever, you can do anything you could ever imagine with this game and its mods10.1/10"
,Recommended,211820,8054037,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Jarate Man :D,Great game! it is really full for the beta tho there is no point exploring underground yet it proves to be a great exploring game!You can watch my overview after 6 hours if you want :)http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn37cxBOe9E
,Not Recommended,211820,10173387,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Swedebro,FOR THE LOVE OF GOD DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!
,Not Recommended,211820,10413623,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,BlueSeal,"Not worth the price, don't fall for early access games; it's becoming a bad trend in gaming."
,Not Recommended,211820,7961601,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,PopehatXI,No
76561198022480606,Recommended,211820,8574199,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,doomsday428,its good
,Recommended,211820,8701439,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Manic,"An incredably well made game that has lots of feeling in it, and an outstanding soundtrack as well."
76561198067256488,Recommended,211820,25934113,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,HDHughes,Mint
,Recommended,211820,7988785,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,∆Diago∆,"Good god this is good. I hated Terraria, but this game? It's amazing, get it 10/10much playmany good"
76561198081694420,Recommended,211820,8035297,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,iviunster,"You dont need to wear pants in this game! 11/10okay but for the serious review: Dont listen to all the goons who tell you to ignore this gane, starbound is a master piece of it's own. I've owned starbound from day one and even with the previous lack of updates that it had after release, is made up with the new update releasing this month and not even including all the user made content on the forums. The Possibilities of starbound are endless and I dont see a reason why anyone should ever pass this game up, Its common that people say ""just buy Terraria"" I own that as well but I disagree terraria is fun to an extent until you drain your world of everything and then delete it while in starbound you drain it and you just zoom across and infinite amount of planets within a never ending galaxy searching for places to raid, caves to mine, and chests to loot. even if you're slow at progression this game is great due to its cordinates feature which is essentialy like minecraft world seeds so if you found a planet with good stuff you could tell others of the cordinates and vise versa. In conclusion dont pass this game up this is a game with infinite possibilties and can take you as far as your imagination will you go. and dont even get me started on how freaking intense the multiplayer can be and already is. DONT LISTEN TO THE PEOPLE GIVING IT BAD RATINGS FROM ITS LACK OF UPDATES, BECAUSE ITS BEING FINISHED NOW. BUY THIS GAME, BUY IT FOR YOUR FRIENDS, YOUR MUM YOUR GRANDMA, YOUR AUNT. In all seriousness this game is a broad new Idea giving you more and more reasons to play it."
,Recommended,211820,8098966,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Nevasol Ltd.,"There's a lot to say about this game, but in the end i go simple, it has its own balance,(similar to terraria in many ways), and yet it is a beta, i played for more than a week now and i'm happy with this game, eventually it will be improved  with cool features that will change the gameplay ulteriorly, can't wait!"
,Recommended,211820,8924801,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Carbsta,"So then, Starbound.How can something in early beta feel so complete.If this was the full game no one would complain.But it isn't,allready a deluge of new content is raining down on us.The universe wipe has been banished to Kluex's hell.There is at least one more confirmed race coming,and hopefully even more.But probably even more importantly is how good the content is.quality not quantity is a well known phrase,this has both, lots of both.The seemingly infinite, procedeurally generated universe is pefect,every planet giving you something completely new,some times this is the pleasure of finding a huge city you have never even knew exsisted,or the fury of discovering acid rain, meteor showers or bathing in poison waters.I still have to remind myself this is still an early beta,Looking at the rumored features, gets my exitement glands going,I grew exitement glands by looking at said rumored features.Even if you hate side scroling games,sandbox games,and mining.lets face it, hating all of those things must surley be imposible.You will still love this,after all I haven't even stopped to build something big yet,the sheer thrill of exploration is to big to be ignored.Not to mention you can do all this with your friends.Everybody in the universe has to play this game, even florans."
76561198106682249,Recommended,211820,14216352,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KwG,"I love this game so much. Its more than just a terraria clone its something different and awesome. However, the updates are kinda annoying at times when they wipe your data or crash your game."
,Recommended,211820,20319027,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Just Ven,"Now that Starbound has left early access i would still reccomend this game. Its still great fun, with workshop support, it does differentiate itself from Terraria, and with Otherworld on it's way, this makes up for the wait. If you liked Terraria, get this game. It has workshop support, multiplayer. etc."
,Not Recommended,211820,33213211,Posted: 3 July,all,PeruvianPie,"Quite possibly the most dissapointing storyline I have ever had the misfortune of completing. You spend hours and hours hoping to build up to a big boss fight whilst upgrading your ship and finding better weapons only to realize that it was all unnecessary and that there was really no point. There seems to be so much untapped potential in this game. In essence, half of the planet types don't even need to be touched, the dangerous one's aren't really that hard to survive on with the proper equipment. The game is just too easy and short. After a few hours, I never found myself getting challenged on any planet type by the easy enemies. The boss fights are an absolute joke with no dynamic mechanics. The game was fun for the middle portion but boy was I left with an empty feeling in my stomach when I finished the last fight."
,Recommended,211820,8409421,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SirHandsomeJack,Funtastic!
76561198179984729,Recommended,211820,32024293,Posted: 28 May,all,The Super Trex,Best game of all time and space ^•^
76561198102072108,Recommended,211820,24947115,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,[SMOL]StepOnALego,"I'm Rick Harrison, and this is my pawn shop. I work here with my old man and my son, Big Hoss. Everything in here has a story and a price. One thing I've learned after 21 years - you never know what is gonna come through that door."
,Recommended,211820,29874069,Posted: 12 February,all,FuZie,"Before I played: Starbound - Unstable＼＼ ＿＼( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)<　⌒ヽ/ 　 へ＼/　　/　＼＼ﾚ　ノ　　 ヽ_つ/　//　/|(　(ヽ|　|、＼| 丿 ＼ ⌒)| |　　) /`ノ )　　LﾉAfter I played:／ﾌﾌ 　　　　　　 　ム｀ヽ/ ノ) 　）　ヽ/ ｜　　( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°）ノ⌒（ゝ._,ノ/　ﾉ⌒7⌒ヽーく　 ＼　／丶＿ ノ ｡　　 ノ､　｡|/`ヽ `ー-'_人`ーﾉ丶 ￣ _人'彡)"
,Recommended,211820,20363695,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Spartan K4102,Awesome Game!
76561198225800588,Not Recommended,211820,25294133,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,RoboticGamer312,all my games got erast and all my prgrese is gone
,Recommended,211820,9120025,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Rin,"There are so many good things about this game! Here's a couple of them.Do you all remember Terraria, where you always ran around building stuff, and eventually running out of space?Well, Starbound spans across a whole universe, letting you build whatever you want.Then there's the crafting. There are so many things you can make, be it with your hands, a table or, heck, if you get the mod you can even use other things!The music system in the game is really good as well. As much as the day, night and battle music are good, if you have an instrument you can even play songs. The best thing is, if you download .abc files you can play those too! (If you don't know any good sites, trylotro-abc.com)And you thought it would be fun running around killing monsters? But no, there are even NPC villagers, merchants, guards, doctors, and others. From the merchants you can usually buy weapons, blueprints or food.Speaking of food, it makes it a bit more realistic by adding the fact that you have to eat or you will die, as well as dying if you are too cold.These are only a few of the many great things of Starbound, and it's only in Beta! So buy the game, and join the adventure.This game is really good for just $15"
,Recommended,211820,24568484,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Huskerr,"Never played the Early Access, but from what I have played so far I really like it! super fun with friends. Totally worth the money :D"
,Not Recommended,211820,14260107,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SiMario (Four Fats + MooffGames),"Seems like one of steams biggest scams, hope it will be taken off"
76561197974924237,Not Recommended,211820,29870716,Posted: 12 February,all,[Manx Rats] Shotgun Yeehaaw,"This was tough choice to vote down or up as I did enjoy small partsof the game, but due to a lot of poor design choices & annoying game mechanics I recommend you spend your time & money on other more enjoyable games.Pros* Fun weapon types which can have interesting secondary fire modes (the first time you discover them)* Multiple levels of crafting stations & ship upgrades to encourage you to explore other planets* Some of the unique main quests or outpost quests along with the portal challenges found underground are fun & challenging (the first time you discover them)Cons* Copy, paste & repeat weapon types - once you have found one type of weapon you are going to see a lot more of them throughout your playthrough* Copy, paste & repeat enemies - fairly limited re-skinned enemy types, with the same attack patterns* Copy, paste & repeat dungeons / portal challenges - it's interesting the first time you find a unique NPC village or challenge, however you quickly realise that after you've seen it once, you are going to see pretty much the same thing on every planet you go to* I found the difficulty levels to be fairly frustrating- the food system was more of an annoyance than a challenge - forcing you to stop whatever you are doing to quell the irritating beeping for another 5 minutes.The game was also very easy to complete as I played the vast majority of it in solo mode & I didn't need to craft the top end gier or potions, food etc to complete it & ultimately it felt a bit of a let down when I completed it* Main quests - part good, part bad - the game generally requires you to do one mission to scan items of a certain race, which first involves finding that civilization.  This can be extremely frustrating (they aren't always on the planet type they point you towards in the quest description & with virtually no information as to where abouts to find them on that planet type, sometimes you can be looking for hours unless you look it up online).  Once you do find them you simply left click on everything in sight with your scanning tool to fill up an arbitary meter bar before returning back to the quest giver (and you may need to visit multiple planets of the same copy paste world types to fill up this meter) - I realise this is to encourage you to check out new planets or their creations, but it just isn't fun & you will need to do this at least 3 or 4 times in the main quest line for different races which seems like extremely lazy game creation to me.  Once you managed to get these scanning quests completed they unlock the actual dungeons & unique instances in the main quest were actually enjoyable.Tutorial / tooltips - the game does a very poor job of explaining the in game mechanics to the player, for example the first tedious main quest requires you to scan objects of a certain race on a certain planet type - but good luck working out how the travel system works, with-out sheer luck of clicking use on everything & hoping that it is correct - with no in-game explainations or help on these matters it is another frustration - and these are fairly early on in the game!The fact that most of the tool tips do not actually display the real damage certain items do, or what benefits you get for eating certain foods or what certain items do is also infuriating.TLDR / ConclusionA game with some interesting concepts, some well made unique dungeon instances &challenges but some extremely poor design choices, copy paste worlds, enemies, & weapons makes for a disapointing experience.If you do decide you are going to purchase this game I would highly recommend that you play it with friends & also use some of the quality of life mods available on the workshop, such as the ability to stack food, storage container options, food tooltip descriptions etc."
,Recommended,211820,26483404,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,★★★★★,Most Kappa Game In The Entire World10/10 Would RecomendOk So Here's The DealIf You're Not An Ape Like meThen You Would Love The GameK
,Recommended,211820,14296295,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,BrewBearz,"It's  very great game and i played lots of it, but after the new update....well..there goes all my progressions :P Still a great game though. I rate 10/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,9133444,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Re'lar Kvothe,it gets boring reallly fast
,Not Recommended,211820,9144160,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,smithichie,"This game had potential, constant updates were promised. It's been 5 months since the last official one.."
76561198038763183,Recommended,211820,9241098,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Chocolate Thunder,"Starbound is a game that really gives the player a true sense of adventure. You never really know what you're going to run into next. Their are many planets and solar systems to travel to, and it will take many playthroughs before you see them all!"
,Not Recommended,211820,10310950,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,greyw0rm_ofhousedoomfist~witdong,Wanted to like it but i just found it boring
76561198125152311,Recommended,211820,17015788,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Officer Lemon,Amazingly fun to play
,Recommended,211820,31773521,Posted: 15 May,all,Muumitalo,"""Fun Game 10/10"" IGN"
,Recommended,211820,24466248,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Mayo,"I bought starbound thinking ""So it's just Terraria but with more worlds?"" But oh was I wrong. All because it has a 2D platform style means nothing about Terraria. This game loves to give you a small RPG feel of the game, collecting resources and weapons, and constantly exploring the universe. My first charcter was human, all the way back in the Early release (something) Koala. There  werent as many weapons, or as many real life to explore. But after awhile, it just kept updating. The starbound now has excellent dungeons, beautiful worlds, and all in all, fantastic gameplay.If 2D platformers aren't your style, I'd still say to at least try it out. It's something different.P.S. I still love spamming songs on a guitar"
76561198107118038,Recommended,211820,17379742,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Foxi57,100.000X better then Terraria.
76561198320844805,Not Recommended,211820,25296457,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,KingOfSquirrels,I can not go fullscreen. When I try too go fullscreen nothing happens. So I can not play it because it is not in fullscreen. I can not even see my health. The game too me seems like a waste of money because I can do nothing. So fix it. My game is unplayable. I can not see anything above the energy bar. I can not do anything so please fix it.
,Recommended,211820,23175295,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,zyberblood,Best indy sandbox building game ever. I've given this game 5☆'s and it's still in beta. Can't wait for 1.0 and all that's to come.
,Recommended,211820,8384230,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,smooth memer,"So, the game is finally updating with tons of new stuff such as actual quests to do, more biomes, and novakids which is a plus. My only major complaint is that at the moment if you try to use the nightly build or the unstable build neither let you even boot up the game, so yeah, they need to fix that then it's good in my books."
76561198251772502,Recommended,211820,25521127,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Isabelle,space.
,Recommended,211820,11871150,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Revintar,"I see a lot of negative reviews about this game. And mostly they all are about ""developers are not doing anything for the game. It's dead now"". And a few people don't like the graphics. Seems these two things are the only minuses that you can find here. Moreover, the developers ARE MAKING STUFF and if you want to see it - just go to the Night updates (warning: they can be very laggy). From myself I'd like to say that I don't like the price - it's too huge for this product now because it's not done yet. However, I recommend you to play this game. I've already told you 3 main minuses and now it's time for pluses: the diversity of the world (sands, snow, forest, tentacles; meteor, acid, fire rain, storm and etc.), your own ship, easy controls, interesting bosses and fights, a lot of creatures (and you can catch them all like pokemons), great soundracks, many default weapons or with special power, easy crafting and multiplayer. And there are going to be more interesting things like air dungeons, stores, own castles with people...Just remember - it's not done yet."
76561197985615650,Recommended,211820,32012612,Posted: 27 May,all,Raven,"Chucklefish games never dissapoint. Of course its not for everyone but if your into adventure pixelated games, this is your go to brand. Personally starbound and stardew valley are my favourite games as they are both detailed pixel games."
,Recommended,211820,9089182,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Wolfspider,"There is a great depth of fun you will have in this game, and when you're done with Normal mode, you can try Perma-death mode for a very dream crushing experience! So much fun!"
,Recommended,211820,8416559,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ninjai,"Despite being quite unpolished at this stage, this game is great fun!  I can't really speak to it being the same or different than Terrarria, as I haven't played that game.Considering this game was released as a beta full of features already, and constantly has features added with every update (and, yes, sometimes features get taken away or drastically altered), this game really has no where to go but up.However, it is an early-access game.  At this point in the beta, if you get attached to your characters, I would strongly advise against getting the game until it comes out of beta.  If you're on the fence about that, visit their site, and read the plan they have for their beta, and see if you feel like you'd be comfortable dropping in at any of the phases outlined."
76561198043613864,Not Recommended,211820,8799827,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Chorogon,"Good game all around, you know? If you like jogging around in a small, confined space because your only means of leaving said space are broken and only take you back to that space, then this is the game for you!Teleporter's broken, spent half an hour running around and trying to go to other planets. No fuel, so that was fun. Only instructions are ""leave the ship"", which is seemingly impossible. Fun game if you're eager to simulate the life of a space hamster.EDIT: Finally got around to some gameplay. Sort of. I was able to land on the planet after awhile, and immediately bluescreened, causing my computer to crash. So, if running around a small spaceship isn't exciting for you, you can always use Starbound to restart your computer."
,Recommended,211820,9446629,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Bellator,Played this gameFell out of spaceSpamed turrentsMade a sandvitchAte Sandvitch10/10
,Recommended,211820,8762022,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Caker,"I have had this game for 3 years now and I forgot how fun it was, I give it a 9/10. P.S cannot stop playing"
,Recommended,211820,8049133,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,big succ,"On of my alltime favorite games. It has beautiful planets, fluid combat, amazing lighting, and so so so much more! THROW YOUR MONEY AT IT!"
76561198041324282,Recommended,211820,9928569,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Robbus,Get this game it has much to offer. Theres stuff to see and things to do you'll be amazed by the randomizing gameplay of this game the satisfaction of goodlooting and boss battles hope they add more bosses and fun quests/gameplay in the neer future cause im dying to build construction and bring death uppon innocent creatures 10/10 Great game :D
,Recommended,211820,8535551,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Aerocom,"Yes. It is a beautiful game that seems already jam packed, and this really has even more potential than what it already is. I suggest getting it now, so you can have a blast. Playing with friends is even more awesome."
,Recommended,211820,33659221,Posted: 19 July,all,Jøji,The best game I ever bought!!
,Recommended,211820,8751911,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"In the stagnant sea of overhyped, pixelized sandboxes, Starbound may very well be the only game of its kind to catch my attention. As someone that can't stand the likes of Minecraft and Terraria, that alone is an accomplishment worthy of praise, but its the why that's all the more impressive: Chucklefish isn't afraid to take a huge, daunting step forward away from the static niche their flagship game represents, largely succeeding in their goals irregardless of Starbound's beta status.Really bright future for this game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,211820,24510537,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,NinesThousand,"I find it comical if not face-palming that some of the negative reviews of this are from a person having over 2,000 hours in the game and yet has gotten upvoted by people. Other top rated reviews are of course typical one liners with little to no thought, merit or explanation of the game or just blind and blatent fanboyism. This is Steam reviews after all and its to be expected I suppose. Even with my lack of faith in humanity wavering as it may be on steam I have learned not go with the crowd and just to enjoy what I enjoy.I wanted to give this a fair review and with the 1.0 update this game has in my opinion surpassed Terraria. There is a great deal to do now and the combat and many things are fleshed out and feel better then they did in the past. The game is very addicting once you get into it and gets even more fun when playing with others. And now for the cons..Even though I praise it for coming a long way its not still without its flaws here and there. While it runs on almost anything it is not 100% smooth all the time and lags a bit (mainly script lag). The fall damage can sometimes be harsh and the starvation hunger mechanic in my opinion drains too quickly. Another gripe is that starting out things go very slowly and can get tedious until you upgrade yourself and your tools.These are all minor things compared to the positives in this game and most can be remedied by selecting mods that cater to your playstyle. I believe that mods that come out for this will perfect extend the game which is already full of depth over time and for 15 bucks or less on sale you really can't go wrong with this one. Don't listen to the hate as people will often complain for the sake of it on steam."
,Not Recommended,211820,24938749,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,kapteinKaos,"3 years after steam EA release, game still not working11\25\2016 still not working"
,Recommended,211820,24949884,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,theokarohshow,Ive almost played this game more than skyrim and I havent even scratched the surface of it yet. This absolute boss of a game is both better than No Mans Sky for exploration and Terraria for immersion. Its so vast it makes your♥♥♥♥♥look shallow
,Recommended,211820,10204325,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,"Kiwi Kekason, Bringer of Memes","This game is absolutely brilliant. Multiple planets and races, extreme moddability, a nostalgiac aesthetic and a wonderfully crafted soundtrack make this game so addictive. Add in other small features like the capturing pets system, dynamic rain and light, an ability system, cold and hunger meters and much more allows me to recommend this game to everyone. Whether you enjoy exploring, making large cities from nothing or surviving with your friends, this game is a delight to play. Please, to everyone who reads this, at least consider Starbound. You won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,211820,24491149,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Arctiq,"If the devs aren't gonna care about their game, then I'm never going to play it again. It felt perfect to me in the beta, now it's just utter trash. Shame on you, Chucklefish.Just wait for 'No Man's Sky'. They're pretty much the same game, anyway."
,Recommended,211820,9587988,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,m0fn,"This has been out for quite a while now. I both like and dislike the fact how the game changes with all of its updates. For example, when the game was first released, it had a hunger- and temperature-mechanic. Both of these were removed and we can't be sure if they will or won't be back in some update in the future. That makes making progress kind of meaningless since the game will be something completely different at some point. However, character wipes are as usual as they used to be. That said, I got back into Starbound recently and I am really enjoying my time with it. Exploring is still fun since there were many differents kinds of worlds added, like radioactive planets, etc. I want to see what the devs will make out of this, whether it takes a long time or not."
,Recommended,211820,9612251,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Fuu,"I felt like I've became a thief.Kill all monsters in the lab then steal everything concrete, walls, lights even doors lmao.BEST GAME EVER!"
,Recommended,211820,10115313,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,JUBSYTIME,Pretty music.
,Recommended,211820,9631309,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,AwesomeHawk,Not only a space version of Terraria but it is also a great update for it too. Building and general movement has been updated making it a nice relaxing game to play.
76561198032114082,Recommended,211820,23183427,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Cephas,"I have been playing this game off and on for a few years, and I feel that it is a beautiful escape from life.  The exploration of planets has always been a huge part of the game, and after many updates the devs have created a vast universe to discover.  What I enjoyed the most was searching for treasures, mostly rare weapons or vanity clothing.  The surface of a planet may take ten to twenty minutes to run across, but the real place to explore is underground.  At first searching for materials will make you dig, but eventually going underground becomes an adventure.  Hidden treasure rooms, strange ecosystems, high level chests tucked away within the dirt.  Even the creatures get more interesting the deeper you go, some freindly and some not.  As I said this game is a wonderful way to escape."
76561198140449911,Recommended,211820,13753451,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Momo,"Well, where do I start off with this game.Well, this game features a variety of things to do, making it overwhelmingly fun and there is always something new. First off, this game features a wide amount of crafting recipes, lootable items, and randomly generated biomes and planets. Most people at first would say, ""Oh no, it's just another rip-off of Terraria"". To that I say, think again my good friend. This game features around 4-5 playable races with their own unique starter ""Home"" planet. You may set a new home planet in the future, but I stuck with mine for a good while. I still have a base on it. In this game, you may craft weapons, armor, and a large amount of Vanity items to wear/equip. Then the in-game currency/crafting material ""Pixels"". With Pixels, you can buy new things at Shopkeepers, which can be found anywhere on a planet or a space station. This game, to my knowledge has these biomes. ""Arid, Savahnna, Desert, Snow, and forest"". Also, there are asteroid fields you may land on.Also, mining can be quite difficult. With all kinds of monsters under the ground, to traps, to sand trapping you in. But, I digress, mining can be quite the pay-off. It may take a while when you start out on this game, because beleive me it took me quite a while to get the hang of things the first time I played. I died quite a few times, and it was just a bad start. But I kind of got the hang of things after a while. Once I got my ship fueled up, which you may use coal, I saw that it had a star map in my cockpit. Now, this star map was HUGE! I mean, it was so big just for one sector. You see, you can click on a orbital system and then click on any range of planets and then set your ship for their orbit. It is so big, and that was just one Mark of the star map. Your ship can be fitted with custom upgrades, and cool stuff like that. I HIGHLY reccomend this game to any user who has the 15$ on them. To me, this game is well worth over 15$. This is NOT Terraria. This is Starbound."
76561198096211382,Recommended,211820,17318370,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,ღ「 Kaechuu」ღ,Terraria but in SPAAACE. get the drift.
76561197982798977,Recommended,211820,8047434,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Astral,I CAN BE A PLANT ♥♥♥♥♥
76561198061520652,Recommended,211820,23389744,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Nuclear Kale,"I love this game. I got early access pretty early on and the developers have really been kicking butt with content and new mechanics. I love the space/intergalactic setting. Combat is challenging and fun. There's a ton of weapons and armor customizations. A lot of variety in terms of environments/planets/dungeons. I play mostly as an explorer and adventuring type, interspaced with crafting and furnishing my crafted bases.It looks like the developers has decided to freeze releases until 1.0 with lots of new features and improvements in the pipeline. So I'm I'm very eagerly awaiting that!"
,Recommended,211820,8518803,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Ant,"This game is jam packed with so many things to do from sleeping to killing aliens to traveling through galaxies. I definitly recommend this game to any people who like terraria, or minecraft or like to try new things. I would rate this game a 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,211820,14268675,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,lor_louis,"This is like terraria with better gameplay ,better story  and more possibilities. I woud totaly recommand you this game i you like survival games."
,Recommended,211820,16267023,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Lueshie [GorePixelGames],Its allright
76561198095042070,Recommended,211820,26971692,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Phoenix,It's good game
76561198112184388,Not Recommended,211820,24587786,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,KrazyKorean,"If you dont like Terraria dont get this game. Although multiple people say this game is nothing like terraria and your opinion on terraria will largely differ to starbound, theyre completely wrong. Almost anything you could hate terraria for is in this game, somewhat♥♥♥♥♥♥inventory, bland exploration spiced up with some space themes, and overall just a clunky feel of moving around. If you like 2D exploration like terraria, then this game is right up your alley, otherwise I would not recommend it."
,Not Recommended,211820,24670303,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Fritjof,"Not as fun as it could be. The weapon switch delay is frustrating, even if it is ""fair"". Weapon feel is off, hitboxes seem wrong.The way tooltips open partially offscreen. The grappling hooks are enticing, but crippled. Some of the boss fights are stiff, frustrating, grindy. The difficulty curve is too steep in places. Tech progression is scarce."
,Recommended,211820,23989444,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,BIG OTAKU,IT WAS DELICOUS
,Recommended,211820,24487130,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,♫JustStache♫,"Honestly, one of the best games I have ever played. I am not making that up! I have been a supporter of Starbound for just over a year now, and it has improved majorly! I am super happy to see it finally come out of early access, and I have been playing the game non-stop since! Keep up the good work, guys!"
76561197989769494,Recommended,211820,15399434,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Citizen 246,"Absolutely amazing. I'm not a big fan of side scrollers, esspecially ones that even hint at Minecraft-like mechanics, but Starbound is really in a field of it's own. There is so much to see, gather, and create. Even more things to find. The staff are extremely good at keeping everyone updated, and are constantly working to improve the game, and add more to it."
,Recommended,211820,27194169,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,John Wick,Still love this game... after so many versions and changes... still love it.
76561198056368466,Recommended,211820,8587090,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Cuckles,"At its current state it is linear and bland, you awake on your ship after picking your race, gender, etc. and you must go down on your random planet and find resources. Seems fun and cool, but the game does that for 10 tiers of armor which would amount to around 5-10 hours. The planets although look cool have no feeling of difference this is same for the enemies. The enemies like beasts are either different colors of one on another planet or have the same attacks as some. The only upside are the Borderland like weapon difference. This game include both Gun and Sword, dagger, spear, axe, shield, etc. porn. The random encounters are fun the first time but are boring later on. Random encounters include towns, temples, camps, prisons, and little huts. The bosses are the games real enemies in order to go on into the next tier (for the first few tiers anyways) you must defeat a large boss which can be challenging at times.Is the game worth buying now? For $15 yes. Very cheap and it's only in the early stages of it's life."
,Recommended,211820,28706057,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,i am sam,"This, has to be, one of the most amazing games I have ever played in my life. The graphics, sounds effects, everything: It's perfect. And without reasonable doubt this game has the most beautiful soundtrack put into a game to date. It's truely amazing to see such a game available for people to play. Because this game will give you an experience you have never felt before, and can't feel anywhere else. Good work, Chucklefish. You have made perfection. 9.75/10"
76561198042710724,Recommended,211820,9994677,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Dr. Jimes Tooper,"I couldn't stress enough how much I love this game, it's really fun, allows for a ton of creative freedom. You can play competitive and co-op multiplayer, and it really gives you the opportunity to nerd out a bit. Which is good, very good."
,Recommended,211820,10008431,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,loooongggg boa constrictor death,"alien planets, super fun combat, all sorts of races, and dumb florans being jerks to hyotl. that's all i gots to say besides buy it, its worth it."
76561198097552627,Recommended,211820,10001871,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Burritacos (W),This is the best game ever.
76561198098404645,Recommended,211820,10010617,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,thegamingbrain83,brilliant game lots to do and very fun. give it a 8/10 good buy would recomend for people who like terraria and minecraft
,Recommended,211820,9997721,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Jammerman99,This game is incredibly fun single player and then even more fun multiplayer!
,Recommended,211820,8001747,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Afevis Solmunko,BIRD. BLOODY BIRDS. WE'RE NOT SUPPOSED TO TALK ABOUT THE BLOODY BIRDS BUT THERE'S A BLOODY BIRD WINKING ME IN THE FACETERRARIA BUT WITH MORE ♥♥♥♥ING BIRDSBIRDS SHOOTING BLACK HOLES AND SPITTING FIRE.JESUS ♥♥♥♥ WHAT DO THIS IS SO INTENSE
,Recommended,211820,24025559,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,DoggoTheDoggeh,"This game is great if you like games where you explore, because there are thousands upon thousands of different planets, with different monsters and loot. It is also great to see that the game is still progressing and that it still has a community that enjoys the game. The creativity that you can have when creating custom weapons and armor brings back the times when you started with lego. You start out with one brick and build it up from that. I would sincerely recommend this game to everyone that enjoys exploring, and if you like adventure games, give it a try. I can almost assure you that you will like this game."
,Recommended,211820,34341186,Posted: 18 August,all,J4nders,"Meh. Played through it once, didnt feel like replaying it."
76561198047159695,Recommended,211820,20039088,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,PickleRick,Just a great game all around. Constant attention and updates from devs.  They actually listen to the feedback and make necessary changes.
,Recommended,211820,34296159,Posted: 16 August,all,rocketcat818,"""Space. Space. Gonna go to space.""""Space. Space. Go to space.""""Space space wanna go to space yes please space. Space space. Go to space.""""Space space wanna go to space""""Space. Space.""""Oh boy.""""Yes. Please. Space.""""I'm going to space."""
,Recommended,211820,7985758,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Polygon,"Very fun game so far, I couldn't really get into terraria, as there were no tutorials and i was just overwhelmed, but this game does a good job of getting you into the game, the randomly generated worlds and caves and whatnot are awesome, already so much to craft and i know I haven't even scratched the surface, plus multi platform is a very huge plus =)"
,Recommended,211820,24936632,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Wretched Doom,I like it.
76561198029003127,Not Recommended,211820,28078664,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Panda,"C A N C E RFalse promisses by devs.Multiple delays.Team made their only competent programmer ragequit.Game has no direction.Forced storyline - linear progression.If you want terraria in space, this isn't for you."
,Recommended,211820,24476137,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ryanrx,"A more sci-fi take on Terraria, filled with crafting planet exploration and of course monsters and bosses. Try find the llama outfit."
,Recommended,211820,34511524,Posted: 26 August,all,Kitch,"It isn't for me as I'm not a huge fan of these kinds of games, but I respect it as a game and know that many people will love it, so I can for sure recommend it to any potential buyers, especially if you enjoy terraria."
76561197997020790,Recommended,211820,32299570,Posted: 9 June,all,bft_chromeguy,"update 1.3 - it's finally broken away from terra! finally! the wait is over, starbound has come to fruition!Finally, terraria in space."
76561198093137002,Recommended,211820,10872066,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Crescendo,"if you like terraria, you will probably like this.If you don't, You probaby won't like this."
76561198121128067,Recommended,211820,10892493,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Q except not cause spoilers.,I love this game but what I have to talk about is the dlc. Its's a good dlc but I wish you could play it on your instrument (unless you can and tell me if you do.)
,Recommended,211820,10949274,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cammie,"LOVE this game. I always come back to it. Its SO much better than any other sandbox game out there. Once they have everything they have ""planned"" for it implimented, it will be amazing!I have an issue with patience because Im so excited with whats to come."
,Recommended,211820,10870541,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Slipps,Very good game. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,211820,10924938,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dark Shockwave,"Few gliches, but thats to be expected. I love the game, the gameplay, running from plannet to plannet keeps my attention and never stops the endless looting! Even farming isn't as dull as it is on other games! I highly reccomend it."
76561198040993744,Recommended,211820,10926937,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,CD - Weezy,Plays like most 2-D sandbox crafting games. I'm very happy with this game.
76561198099650412,Recommended,211820,10929956,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,red27x,"Really amazing game. Love how it looks and all the different things you can build, wear, and so many other things."
,Recommended,211820,10932865,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,boom,Terraria Who ?
,Recommended,211820,10942186,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,AsianBacon,"Starbound, Starbound."
,Not Recommended,211820,9365784,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Stormydove,"Gotta say don't play this, sure it looks fun and ya it's early access. However if you can even get the game to launch (which is hit and miss) you get rewarded with a monster filled planet of death, hours of terraria mining below to complete the quests which have you battleing a starship and tanks using only a starter sword and a bow of questionable useage.When the bugs are fixed (If ever, since the company is already looking to put this game behind them) and we get in with out it crashing a million times. We still get a dull, bland game with little to do but dig and stay safe in a dirt hut."
,Not Recommended,211820,17534840,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Hentai363,Lol I have no friends so I don't play
,Recommended,211820,14553118,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Dynoriffic,7/10 i would recomend this game to anyone who enjoys games like terraria and minecraft my only concern is that the end game is too smallthe only thing to do is build and collect unique items
76561198220590668,Recommended,211820,15787277,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Little Foxy,"This game has so much creativity and mysterious wonders in it. It is so mush easier to play and less confusing then most games. I am now able to spend time with my friends and interact with others. Another helpful thing is that people have the same solar system so their able to tell another person where a kingdom is or where to find diamonds and etc! Another helpfull thing is that when  you need storage, it stacks up to 1,000. So it saves spaces"
,Recommended,211820,15908572,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Joey Fuck-King Wheeler,"I highly recommend buying this game, because it is hands down one of the greatest games, I have ever played. With a nearly infinite universe to explore, with hundreds of thousands of unique items, and a great quest system, there's really nothing not to like. You owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,211820,23981836,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Dexter,this has amazing replay value. wish it had achievements. awesome soundtrack.
76561198307716312,Recommended,211820,23970840,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,✧Glimmer of Hope✧,Starbound. A New Inovative Game that is Like terraria but with alot more out there than bosses and one Npc Quest line. The re is more than that there is a Entire Randomly Generated world. But with starbound its a  Entire Randomly Generated Universe to Explore. This Has Hope of Being a Game that will be Legendary
,Recommended,211820,24193576,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,☮Thankful☮,"I think another song is needed to explain how awesome this game is.How about,Space Oddityby David Bowieyeah, another good onelike this game"
,Recommended,211820,24236989,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Baconator,"Totally not doing this just to get an early access review out ¬w¬Just started playing this game again and I am reminded how awesome it is. Better in fact, as the game coaxes you more towards exploration which has always been the biggest feature for me. Unlike Terraria where you can pick a direction (left, right or down) Starbound asks you which solar system? planet? direction? Each type of planet has its own weird, fascinating things, my favourite being the midnight planets because they're so eerie and desolate.The game has definitely become harder to put down for the night and go to bed XD I find myself wanting to explore one more planet before I go to bed in search of the fabled golden duckies, npc quest items, etc.My one gripe is the hotbar. I am always, always, always fumbling to get my weapons out when I'm attacked while mining, having to resort to two handed weapons because two one handed weapons would double the fumbling and end with death. (if anybody knows a way to around the scrolling and clicking frantically at my hotbar that I've missed please let me knowEDIT: The devs have since made the hotbar a lot better in unstable, which will be moved to the full game with in 1.0, you now have two hotbars that you can switch between using 'X', which I remapped to 'R') I'd suggest the devs implement a hotkey on the keyboard that takes you to a weapon of your choice.Man, I remember when I first got this game. I joined during the Koala update when the game focussed on building bosses, making better armour and shifting to another planet/solar system to get better stuff and repeat the process. I quite enjoyed it back then (The game echoes this now, as you need to upgrade your environmental survival implants and gear to explore more dangerous planets. There are still bosses you must fight to progress, but you no longer need to gather a ton of resources to build the items required, just upgrade your armour and talk to an npc at the outpost).We had a huge update and all of my characters were deleted. I played a new character for a while but went off it, mainly because my characters kept starting on the same planet, meaning I had no resources. This is the first I've played since then.Starbound really is a beautiful game, the scenery, the depth of the lore (which the devs promise will be even deeper and more interesting when they finish the game). It's a game I just keep coming back to.This is pre-release and the game is already awesome. If this holds up Starbound is going to be mindblowing. Can't wait to see 1.0, hoping to find out what the encrypted messages hidden in the game were pointing to...I will be updating this review on full release!"
,Recommended,211820,24246501,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Aelmsu,"Praise the sun on a nice, tropical planet, or roll around in a dark, filthy cave! The choice is yours!"
,Recommended,211820,24353353,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,EatsCereal,This is a very fun game I played this for hours with my freinds the game had great deatail in the items and lore with the new full realese coming soon I am playing the beta for it in its so much better made lag about 5 times rarer new story is rich and good amount of ways to choose like do you want to be a ranged or a sword user in the time right now 9/10 in the new update 10/10
76561198060257700,Recommended,211820,24363462,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Diency,It's terrariaBUT IN SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACE
76561198008109819,Recommended,211820,24371480,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,OzoneGrif,"Starbound is the spiritual sequel of Terraria (which I absolutly love as well !), just much more polished.I wrote this review after testing the beta final version for a few hours with four friends in coop-multiplayer, and it was an amazing experience. Neat music, neat graphisms and ambiance, cute characters, a real story (which changes slightly for each race), and very insteresting and varied quests. Every item has its own description, all interesting and well written.The gameplay is incredibly rich, and the non-intrusive tutorial is always behind you to give you the right tip at the right moment.Gorgeous, a must have."
76561198151277774,Recommended,211820,24384880,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Dead_Man115,"Best game ever you can play as diforent alian races or you can be human; my personal favorite is the florians; kinda slow at first, but after you get through the tutorial its epic. You can be a farmer, be a land lord,you can be an adveenturer, and if you want you can be a hero/villan. you can explor diforent planets: Desert, alien, ice, ocen, lush, and more. Their are diferent solarsystems, and stars: frosen star, radioactive star, gental star and much more i just cant remember them all. in my steam library this game is under favorites. You shuld checkout the wiki page it will help you alot because thear is just so much you can do. the last thing i can say about this game is it is a must have and you need to buy this game; they add more and more with constent updates."
,Recommended,211820,24416648,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Calmf,"The game is about to launch, but at this point it is really fun and playable, I usually think nowdays that people is too consern about graphics that they forget about the gameplay, this is not the case here. Game has a lot of features and is still growing up. My steam shows only 48 hours, but I played this game a lot while I had no internet, so I don't know the real time track.Eager to official release, wipe all my progress and go all over again!NOTE: I am not recommending only the game, but also the devs, awesome work."
76561198087488555,Recommended,211820,24444013,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Nathaniel,"This game is absolutely mind blowing! It's so damn cool, the quest system works extremely well, and the character customisation is great. Once you start playing, you really do get stuck in. If you're looking for a cool game to play, definitely try this. It is worth every single penny!P.S - The soundtrack is so immersive!"
76561198047202796,Recommended,211820,22150659,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,zainshadows,Fun game for those who enjoy sandbox games and outerspace. It only gets better as they work on it. Bugs are being tweeked out and quests that they have added make the game more in depth.
76561198071625957,Recommended,211820,22209765,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,DracoKillDagger,amazing. just have a back file ready
,Recommended,211820,22211773,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lunatrus | cs.deals,"I think that this game is a bit ""slow"" at this point in time but i think that it will, possibly be better than Terraria. I think these are both great games and love the concept of Starbound. It just has to get updates more frequently, and it needs more love from the people playing it."
,Not Recommended,211820,12134021,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,MaGicBush,"I bought this game assuming it would get finished, however the devs seem to have put it on the backburner and run off with our money. I would not recommend this game in it's current state as hardly any of the features promised are in the game nor does it seem they will be."
76561198056047123,Recommended,211820,8251806,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,rrocks,"I have 30+ hours into this game and I can honestly say ""This is not Terraria"". This has the same 'feel' as Terraria but it's an entirely different beast. The amount of content is absolutely unbelievable and has kept me entertained thus far. The game runs great on my mediocre machine and the visuals and lighting are superb. My only complaint right now is that they haven't balanced the combat yet and I find myself getting killed every 2-3 monster fights in a row - while I gather ores to craft better weapons and armor. The game does have a grindy feel to it and I personally don't find many interesting things in the ""caves"", but that's just my personal opinion. Planet hopping is extremely fun and they have added even more mechanics to make that task easier and more enjoyable. The character wipes are kind of annoying because of the grindy nature of the game, so if that's something that will bother you then I suggest holding off until they are at least at the next stage of development. But, if grinding doesn't bother you and you have the time to spare to start over every now and then - I could not further recommend this game."
,Recommended,211820,10353374,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,iFreeze,Dis verry good i like ok
,Recommended,211820,10367662,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,lolpascal1,even though starbound is in a early access the game completely furfills my hopes of this type a game. The thing i like about that they released an early access is that you can involve yourself into the changes they will or going to make.
76561198031295695,Recommended,211820,18436303,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ARCHANGEL7000,"AWESOME game..... Like Minecraft and Terraria, but in Space!!!  Keep on developing the story line and content!!!!"
76561198075804704,Recommended,211820,25022553,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,DarkAngel,"Fantastic little game, MORE content and storyline or an expansion would put this game up there with Terraria. Mining,farming,crafting,Pets,and a vast area to explore. Just needs MORE!"
76561197982684637,Recommended,211820,25024905,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,genericrick,Never liked Minecraft or Terraria; totally addicted to this.
76561198092532288,Recommended,211820,21830844,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Jacob345k,Actually not a terraria clone. 8/8 Would r8 8/8 m8.
,Not Recommended,211820,17983508,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Sam,"Alright, don't get me wrong here, this game is good, it shows potential, but there are several flaws:> The updates aren't as frequent as they could be (not really too much of a bad thing)> The community is all over the place (But there are some awesome people in it at the same time)> Every update breaks your mods one way or another...But if there's something I particularly hate, it's how dead the ingame setting feels. The game gives off an empty vibe, the NPCs, despite giving out the occasional random quest, are soulless and robotic. (And I am not talking about the Glitch lmao)Not only that, there's not much in the way of a story (not giving any spoilers here, but it's your average ""witness bad stuff, then proceed to do a million fetch quests and eventually save everyone despite you being the new guy"" story which is just bodged. If I am to be fair here, a game like this doesn't really need a story, but at the same time it helps - It just needs to be fleshed out, extended too, because I have completed the story (Yeah, I kinda cheated because I am more of a build-stuff kinda guy) and it felt too short, maybe even rushed.Despite all this, the game is playable, it's really easy to mod and build in, but it gets boring way too quickly. The thing this game needs is more ways to play, and a more free flowing story that isn't set in stone at the start; kind of like the pre-1.0 versions. Additionally, things that were good were removed (I presume due to internal problems or code conflicts etc) and they should have stayed. I love this game, but it needs to be loved by the developers more, because - I'm not trying to be rude here, but - Chucklefish need to focus on this game and not a million other projects, because even though this game has reached version 1.0, it still feels unfinished.Don't do a Bethesda and leave it up to the modders - do something about it! (or at least work with the modders, idk)So yeah. This game isn't bad, but it's not super good either.I'm mixed about this game. You either love it or hate it; such is life. (and Marmite.)"
,Recommended,211820,7960603,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Napoleon,"A truly fantastic litte terraria like gem, which is basically terraria WITH SO MUCH MORE FANTASTIC AMAZING BRILLIANT COOLNESS. The soundtrack is amazing, the whole sci-fi setting is a great a idea and considering it is still in beta this could easily be a ps4 or xbox one game for £30 when out of beta if it wanted to."
76561198102660757,Recommended,211820,28048985,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Bert Macklin™,very cool
76561198013151171,Not Recommended,211820,16453082,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,EverTurningGear,Do you recommend this game? No.
76561198147134973,Recommended,211820,22091345,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Delta5245,this game is awsome only thing i would recommend to the creators would be that we can just have a multiplayer menu with all the servers instead of putting in a server address and all that stuff but other than that games beast. :)
,Not Recommended,211820,14089230,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Kastley,Another crap Early Access game that will never come out.
,Not Recommended,211820,14115906,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,professorSugoi,Chucklefish taught me to be more wary of early access so thanks for that I guess
,Recommended,211820,29910833,Posted: 13 February,all,Brendan,"I don't know what Starbound is, I play Space Terraria. It's Terraria but better, there is space and aliens. You can roleplay God-Emperor Donald Trump and colonize the Milky Way. You can build a wall if you want to and make Andromeda or the Apex race pay for it. There are races too, that can build walls in front of their villages and make the villages pay for it. (Loot all of their crates) You can build cities and collect rent, you can be the happiest of merchants. You can make autoturrets and gun down illegal immigrant monsters.It's a fantastic game with a lot more diversity than Terraria. The customizations are limitless and there are multiple races to choose from. The story line is frustrating, but a few mods in the workshop can fix that. 9/11 Game."
,Recommended,211820,16946374,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Louise ♡,Fun.. if you know what you're doing
76561198026334211,Recommended,211820,24512023,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Gamemasterj,Played this game while it was in testing. I fogot about it. I came back and it has become amazing.
,Recommended,211820,24554137,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,BLUESTORM2112,The majority of the negative reviews on this game are from a bunch of whiney ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s or ignorant people who want this game to be something it's not. People play it expecting it to be a certain way and then they're disappointed when it doesn't live up to the game they had built up in their minds.Very few of the criticisms leveled at this game are legitimate flaws. Most are issues of personal taste or are people miffed about the game not meeting their unrealistic expectations or what they see as unrealized potential.This is a simple game about exploration and imagination don't overcomplicate it or expect too much  and you may well have a lot of fun with this game. You'll either love it or you'll hate it.Just accept the game for what it is. Don't put some whiney review on here because it's not your type of game or because you were expecting A and got B.
76561198129498616,Recommended,211820,17545172,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Ereköse,tein outa teeeein
76561197989910188,Recommended,211820,24542353,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Stealysteve,"This game is full of so many surprises, amazing visuals, varied environments, fun combat, great base building tools, etc. For example, I was on a desolate planet after just barely using enough fuel for my FTL drive (faster than light drive) to get across the universe. The planet was dead, or so it seemed. I was digging deep into the planets crust and through the dark labrinyths of hopelessness and despair I saw a glimmer of light. Naturally I had to investigate this strange occurance. When I drew closer I began to realize that the light was coming from a small streetlamp, a tiny streetlamp of all things!! Soon I began to see tiny windmills, a miniature hospital, convenience stores, and little houses... everywhere. I had somehow stumpled upon an entire subterranean city for gnomes that stretched for hundreds of meters in every direction! Not only that but the surroundings of the city where covered in gold, silver, tungsten, iron, and coal. I made sure to preserve the houses and buildings of the gnomes because Im a gentle giant and moreover, I couldn't believe what I was seeing.This game is FULL of surprises, which makes it so unique. The game mechanics are solid and each surprise will keep you coming back for more. Its a solid game in every aspect and it only costs $15! Plus its not technologically demanding so you can pretty much run it on a graphing calculator.10/10 would conquer planets again"
,Recommended,211820,7923276,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sophos,Better than Terraria. Pretty much all I should have to say.
76561198079994807,Recommended,211820,23840142,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Angus,"Starbound as a wholeFirst off, I gotta tell ya, don't listen to the negative reviews. Got that? Good.Starbound is a game that's set in a universe with 7 different playable races, and other races that are NPCs, but might be added to the game as a playable race. The seven races are the Apex, a race that is very modern and you can relate them to different parts of modern western culture, and they are also monkey people, as is quite obvious. They fall underneath a monarch known as ""Big Ape"" or Miniknog. The next are the Avian, and the Avian are a bird-like people that can be related to Egyptian/Myan/Aztec culture, with very large temples and towns that are based around trade. The Avian worship Kluex, a bird-god that was said to have risen to the heavens, and ostracized every other person in his following, making them flightless and unable to use their wings. Next up are the Florans, adn the Florans are carnivores that are also plants. They live in a very primitive time, but some florans are very intelligent and stray away from common floran lifestyle, which is just hunt for food and survive. The next is the Glitch, and they are a very medieval race, even though they are robots. The creators of the Glitch are unknown, but they all fall under a central programming, and this keeps them from evolving from the medieval stage into the next era of mankind, as this was the programming they fall under. Novakids are a very ""bright"" people, as they are people born from dying stars. They live in very western/cowboy styles of life, and they like to be gunslingers and ranchers. The Hylotl are a fish-like people, and they have a very Japanese lifestyle, living off of rice and other plants, and being noble samurai, as well as living underwater as well as above land. Lastly we have the Humans, and the humans have a very tragic past, as in the Starbound universe, when you first begin, you will discover soon that Earth has been destroyed. All Humans were forced to leave the planet or die. Humans are just humans like you and me, and they have a very normal lifestyle, aas they are not far off from our own races ingenuity and hardiness. Now that I have the races out of the way, allow me to explain some of the gameplay. The gameplay can be related very easily to Terraria, if you have ever played it, and this is because they are both 2D games about exploration. You start off with very basic materials and tools, such as a flashlight, a weapon, and a universal Matter Manipulator. You will have to complete quests in the beginning in order to expand where you can travel to.Why you should get this gameYou should get this game not because of the SUPER AMAZING GAMEPLAY, or the OUT OF THIS WORLD GRAPHICS, you should get it because its not going to just be a game, it's going to be an experience. You don't have to stick to your own story, you can even make your own. Make a server, play with your friends. Establish a community. Go on adventures. You have a whole galaxy at your disposal. So why should you get this game? Oh man, why not."
,Recommended,211820,23842403,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,iby,"Bought this game yesterday. Played for ~12 hours on the same day. Great game, looks like it gets better after every update. Definetly worth your money.(btw, florans master race)"
76561198067430017,Recommended,211820,23843076,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Giantdad,"Starbound is awesome, you're awesome. Why haven't you joined in yet?"
76561198064308915,Recommended,211820,23847698,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sprite the 'Vali,"When all games are just the same things, and your really thinking of just leaving the gaming community because there's nothing unique, Starbound is that game that makes you halt in your path. Starbound tells you to think your actions through, and tells you that maybe, just maybe, if you just hang on a little while longer, everything will come to resolve itself. Listen to Starbound, everyone. Starbound says it's gonna be just fine."
76561198137150198,Recommended,211820,34441518,Posted: 23 August,all,Dontdoitkillen,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)╭∩╮very nice
76561198124777647,Recommended,211820,16077275,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,"Ok, but this one is a hoot.",It was ok I guess...
,Recommended,211820,29630465,Posted: 1 February,all,myc,Died once. Died 10 more times while trying to collect items.Would die again 11/10.
,Recommended,211820,10945743,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MasterQ,A good fast paced RPG fighting game
,Recommended,211820,11056644,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mr. Clean,"I do not like how you cannot find other people in spaceships to join up with, and the missions are almost non existent. but overall i love this game and it is very entertaining 10/10 worth the buy"
,Recommended,211820,29793022,Posted: 8 February,all,XpGamer1224,i Have Experienced The Fullness Of This Game And i Have To Say This is Quite a Game it Has More Stuff To Do Than Ever. With The Mods The Animals The Story The Planets Whatever it is You Know its Gonna Be Good in This Game This is One Of My Most Played Games.And i Can SeeWhy This Game is So Good i Bought it For My Friend Trust Me When i Say This. This Game isWonderful its a Great Game And You Should Get it.
76561198105669754,Recommended,211820,29793338,Posted: 8 February,all,Mr. Krabs,Good game before mods.  Even better game with mods.  Would recommend.
,Recommended,211820,29792449,Posted: 8 February,all,jim,this is a wonderful gamebetter than no man sky
76561198115929441,Recommended,211820,29974489,Posted: 16 February,all,Abudarkflair,This is a fun adventure game  with a good wstory line and is bEtter than terria becasue you cna explore  and go to outer space and visit different planets and get unique wepons and can be a different speices too.
,Recommended,211820,34452790,Posted: 23 August,all,Blueninja,"Ok, so I got this game because of multiple recommendations from friends. At first, I did not like this game because my friends promised to teach me how to play the game, and none of them did, so I was basically just running around, not really sure what I was doing. Eventually, I asked one of my friends to get the game, as I would enjoy playing it with him. The moment I knew I loved this game was when I became A MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING SPACE PIRATE WIZARD WHO WOULD PLUNDER THE VAST OCEAN KNOWN AS THE UNIVERSE AND STEAL FROM THE ♥♥♥♥ING FROGS (I hate them) AND KILL THEIR CHILDREN FOR FUN. My first (and main) character was a Novakid, and I travel with a crew of penguin mercenaries. I have built a large colony and I am on my way to 100%ing this game. Now if you're new to this game, and you like to single player games, then this is great for that. The story is not the focus of the game, this is seen due to its extremely short length, making it more beginner friendly, as well as adding to the replayablity. If you are new to the game, then I would recommend playing with some friends, it makes the game more fun, especially when they use a drill spear to fly into the next boss fight, or building a♥♥♥♥♥♥out of throwing blocks, having a fight in mechs, Mexican standoffs, genocide of the frog population (do it), or whatever your heart desires. This quickly became my favorite game on steam, and I think it could be yours as well. My overall rating is a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,211820,8539936,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Msgtjmman,Even in early access it stomps Terraria into the ground. Great game!
,Recommended,211820,25075435,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,zylfy,Changed my avatar to a spaceman because of this game... ish
27522275222752227,Recommended,211820,34660336,Posted: 1 September,all,Dia.Dra Pershmine,Its a cool game thats cool :D
,Recommended,211820,8739624,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Fusou,Like minecraft? or terraria?  your gowing to love this amazing gamestill in beta but amazing11/10
76561198079040658,Recommended,211820,24191606,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Hartle_,"This game is amazing, and satisfying when you complete your challanges.You can play it as a building game, adventure game, or RPG, either way it's fun.Buy it now, because there is going to be plenty more content coming :)"
76561198103080705,Recommended,211820,9496869,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,SnoppPanda,You can actually sleep in this game 11/10
,Recommended,211820,28397360,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Daxx Alabel,What No Man Sky should have been.
,Recommended,211820,17127215,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,O O F,"Okay Okay, i know ALOT of the reviews are negative (last time i checked), but i bought this game anyway. i played about for an hour and it was really fun, i found tons of weapons that were all better, but not slightly it was a dramastic change my weapon went from 31 to 73 damage. The music and worlds are beautiful and the different mobs for each area was amazing. i beat the first world thing in about an hour. the controls are easy, BUT remember to press E when your cursor is over something like a campfire or chest to use it. i really hope you read this review, this game isnt even full yet and its still really fun. (making your crafting stuff in your ship is possible, but its boring)"
,Recommended,211820,25331346,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,K E R M I T,good game super fun to play with freinds
,Recommended,211820,8710442,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,s u c c,"SO SICK! you thoughtterraria had epic fights? THINK AGAIN! you thought minecraft had epci exploration? THINK AGAIN...AGIAN!!! no but srsly, this game is amazingly fun alone, and its tripled with friends. so buy this game, give it a try and go searching the universe today!"
,Recommended,211820,29781285,Posted: 8 February,all,IZY--,BEST GAME <3but need more updates :D
76561198398615492,Recommended,211820,35071171,Posted: 19 September,all,bluewoodward,i love this game would definitely recommend buying
76561198007291786,Recommended,211820,24492765,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BunchofBees,"Even after a 3 year dev cycle everything still feels either rushed or incomplete, the main story of the game can be completed in about 20 to 30 hours of play and after that you make your own objectives. the colony mechanics are weak, the ship crew mechanic is extremly limited and quickly useless. it is a great game worth it's price point but not nearly as fleshed out as other contenders in the genre like terraria."
76561198277643465,Recommended,211820,29663747,Posted: 2 February,all,Hyp3r10n_,q u a l i t y     d a n k
76561198093635980,Not Recommended,211820,12360380,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,BrokenHeart,...Yet it has limited contants.
,Recommended,211820,12295391,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,"""He has Aimlock""",THIS GAME IS:10% luck20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME
76561198160806953,Recommended,211820,24494355,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,filthy kevin,"Honestly there's a lot of controvery surrounding the 1.0 build, but since I started playing again after the announcement I still find myself getting absolutely lost in this game in the best way. There is so much content that this game stays fresh long after you buy it.I have some gripes; I'd been waiting for a story component for so long, to finally unlock the mysteries of the Starbound lore. Once I was confronted by the actual plot I was pretty dissapointed to find it was some kind of blase collection quest in an effort to defeat the alien from beast with a thousand backs. Guess I'll have to settle for digging for interesting worldbuilding tidbits in the codexes instead.One thing I particularly liked about the new build is that running and gunning your way to a set of impervium armor and a fully upgraded spaceship doesn't really work anymore. With the difficulty curve set a little bit higher I find myself taking my time, fully exploring every planetoid I come across, meticulously constructing bases, and in general just soaking in the game a lot more.A few of the mechanics have changed for the worse, but the game remains the same at its core. What else remains the same is that every time I open this game with the intent of a couple of hours of casual gaming, I wind up zoning out and snapping back to reality around 1 in the morning.Honestly 1.0 doesn't even really feel like a release- just another beta update. But I don't mind. This game is clearly an ongoing labor of love, and will continue to be patched, maintained and improved for years to come."
,Recommended,211820,24494377,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Killix,I have been with this game sense the .5 and all did it do is  keep makeing me happyer I recamed this to people who Love a 2d art style somthing like terraira but not terraira
,Recommended,211820,24492842,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,mattstat716,"Well. Starbound has changed (maybe not for the better 100%, but nonetheless I like it), but thanks to community mods, it's actually even more fun to play. Mine launchers, traps, new races, and so much more... Heck, even an Ion Cannon that can play the death star theme. Come on, how much cooler can it get? So; whilst gameplay might have changed a bit...You can rely on the community to get the mods to fit a playstyle you like.Hate fall damage? Get a no fall damage mod.Want more guns? Get some weaponry mods.All of this is available in the steam community workshop. It's just brilliant how Starbound is so inter-changeable because of that. (and inter-galactic, too)If you want a different pet than, let's say, a pig; just get a pet changing mod! You can get yourself a cat instead!It's beautiful. The story's kinda lame, but who cares? We're here for the sandbox stuff. Granted, you kinda HAVE to do the fetch quests to perform the sandbox stuff, but HEY! We got a mod to skip those fetch quests too! Just... seriously. If you want a custom playstyle for this game, visit the workshop. It's amazing.Overall, because of inter-changability, the execution, the updates, etc...Scoring:6/10 Updates: Still got those awful fetch quests, plus most of the stuff is community-made mods.8/10 Workshop: Genius with it's inter-changing mods. But it's still KIND OF small, I guess? It feels like there should be a few MORE mods.9/10 Gameplay: VERY FUN. Just kinda sucks how you don't have the gravity bubble tech...Overall score: 23/30That's only 7 points deducted for reasons stated above.Get this game.  You *WON'T* regret it.-bought this game in early-access"
,Recommended,211820,24525712,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Tobo,"One of my favourite games. The endless open world, the beautiful scenery, it's almost perfect."
76561198075841654,Recommended,211820,24515774,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Chara,For years me and my best friend waited to play together on this game and it has finally arrived! And we have spent near enough a whole day so far just playing this gameI ighl reccomend this game it has endless hours of fun and an infinite amount of possibilities and ideas and exploration! great work guys! x
76561198295605521,Recommended,211820,24526262,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Londer117,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,211820,24490668,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,clam?,♥♥♥♥ING DEMON BIRDS
76561198166781007,Recommended,211820,24510117,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SmashNerd,As a gamer that just got this game it looked like a very promising game with great concepts that could make the game very enjoyable to play yet when I got it on the 21 of july and waiting for the new 1.0 come out I was exited. On the very next day however I could not even start it up to even see the logos. So as someone who just bought the game I think it will be better to wait a 1 to 2 weeks before getting the game.This way you canhave the developer fix the games bug then buy starbound.P.S If you are going to buy this games plz buy the game and not look at the reviews cuz some people have played this game before it was released so they will have other opitons so just buy the game then judge it your self judge it then if you dont like it just get a refund.
,Recommended,211820,24527160,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,CamperTheHero,43 hours in. Still have 38219832193291398 hours of content to go. Kill me.
,Recommended,211820,24520318,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,proplaya,"I played it a while back when it was in beta, but I didn't like it as much. Now with the final build, I tried it once more, and it is a very good experience. This is definitely different compared to Terraria. I recommend it!"
,Recommended,211820,24492069,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Cloonetang,"For those that don't know, Starbound is a 2D open world sandbox game with a lot of crafting and some platforming. Terraria is a pretty good comparison. It was in early access for a few years, and it was pretty bare bones. I wouldn't have recommended it back then, but I do now as it is a very good game in my opinion. A lot of the issues players had have been addressed, and some mechanics have been completely redone. It almost feels like a different game. So lets move on to the Good and the Bad.GOOD+ Extensive crafting. You can make a lot of decorations, gear, and building material. Finding what you can build and what you need to do so is easy, so long as you have the right workbench/station.+ Fun combat. Weapon types handle differently (guns use energy, spears poke where your cursor is, shields block, all that jazz), and many come with a special ability you can use (dashing, teleporting explosions, yeah!). Equipment comes in craftable tiers, or as loot with randomized characteristics. Techs can be added to your character that give you double jumps and the ability to morph into a ball, just to list a few.+Cool monsters. Previously this was an issue, but they've added unique creatures with their own behaviours and animations in the full release, along with randomized creatures that come with a wide assortment of monster parts to define them. You can even capture some of them and use them in combat, sort of like a Pokemon system. Some of the bosses in particular I enjoy, because beating them requires pattern recognition, platforming, and strategies that are often missing in a genre where baddies mostly just run into you until someone dies.+Wide variety of biomes and dungeons. Exploration takes place above and below ground, across many planets. Planets have unique biomes and weather (meteor showers!), and randomized dungeons/suprises scattered through out. People like to make comparisons with Terraria here (several planets vs one world that has everything). It's a moot point. They achieve the same thing.+Colonies. Not like SimCity deep, but suprisingly interesting. Build a house, furnish it, buy a deed, then bam- colonist moves in and pays you rent. What you use to build and decorate help determine who moves in, and some tenants have unique shops. They also have quests. I believe there's colony defense events too, but I have gotten that far yet so I can't say for sure. I'd also like to add, that building is very intuitive and easy. Good block placement range, and you don't need a damn hammer to remove background walls. You don't even have to craft background walls, any material can alt as a wall.+Farming. Again, not a deep system, but one of many fun things you can do. Grow alien vegetables, cook a lot of food, raise a robot chicken and collect the batteries it lays. Crops need water, obviously, and you can sell produce as one of the ways to progress in the game.+ Upgradeable ship. Your space ship can be upgraded to gain more compartments, and you can hire on a crew to give various perks, or just follow you around and shoot things. You can build inside it too. Want your ship to look like a flying dojo? Knock yourself out, freak.+ Better multiplayer. Hosting a game used to be a nightmare. Now it's all through Steam, and playing with friends is much better. And it's online, so you don't have to actually be around them.+Mech.+Story and progression. Another thing that was pretty bad in the early access. The story is now implemented, and is pretty unobtrusive. Mostly serves as backdrop to get you doing something. Progression is much better now as well and doesn't feel as restrictive as it used too. Almost every item in the game has a description, and some of them are specific to whatever race you're playing as. There are also little stories/notes/lore books throughout for lore nerds.BAD- The UI. It's useable, but annoying. The hot bar in particular takes some getting used to. It only holds 6 items but looks cluttered despite that. I understand the reason for it (since weapons now have alt fire or duel wielding), but that doesn't change the fact that sometimes I want to punch a wall because of it. Thankfully, mods will probably create a fix for this, if you end up wanting one. The menu windows are also obtrusive, but you can move them.- Inventory. I can't think of many games that do this right, so no suprises here. Your inventory is divided up into several tabs that auto sort your items. You mine something and it ends up in the material tab of your backpack, food in another, and so on. This can be annoying when you pick something up and want to find it for the first time, or any time for that matter. You will probably be swapping your hotbar items around a bit, and be forced to navigate the horror that lies within your backpack. A little tip: shift + right click will split stacked items.- Lack of depth. I hesitate to call this a negative. Starbound is a pretty chill and casual game for the most part. But if you're the kind of player who desires extensive survival mechanics, or in depth systems, you might want to look for something else. The wiring options can get deep, but that's about it. Starbound offers players a lot to do, but each of those activities isn't a game in of itself, unless you have one hell of an imagination. If you want a game to revolve around a concept, like farming, to get you motivated to do it, you're out of luck here. This is more like, ""Hey, growing potatoes sound like a fun distraction, I'll do that on the side."" Not like, ""I have to grow these carrots NOW, so i can give them to this character on their birthday and get laid.""- Tutorial. You can skip it, but that isn't the problem. Anyone new to this genre will probably just end up frozen in a perpetual scream as they tried and failed to figure out how to eat raw corn to avoid starvation, let alone find core fragments to get past the first planet (they're near the planet's core or in a mining camp). A lot of basics aren't very well explained, so if you're new to this type of game, I'd recommend playing on the Casual setting to start. The first few missions are also kind of boring, and can feel like they're just holding you back from the better parts of the game.TLDR: Killed a space penguin with a metal folding chair 11/10 IGN (sigh...)"
,Recommended,211820,29774418,Posted: 7 February,all,Rag Maggot,most of the time i found roleplays or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on public servers.go on the steam sb forms for the good peeps.over all if you got some good friends and know how to build its going to be fun.allso play as a talking flower that loves meat. (no joke its a part of the lore lol)
,Recommended,211820,25516005,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Orderan,"-If you want to build wonders, go for Minecraft-If you want to fight with awesome weapons, go for Terraria-If you want to explore incredible-looking places, go for Starbound.After so long, Starbound is solid, but not amazing. A lot of content has been cut out, (No more USCM base, so sad) diminishing the randomness of exploring new worlds.The ambiance got a lot more fleshed out, with the ability to recruit crew members to make your ship more alive, and towns that actually don't look like a bunch of random NPC stuck together. With the music, the ambiance end up extremely immersive.The story is bland and a cliché of a fantasy prophecy story -IN SPACE-. The fact that it's mainly a serie of repetitive quests doesn't help. At all. The end is more cringy than emotionnal, and the characters end up as forgettable quest givers.In the end, it's a fun way to pass time. It's just not the marvel it was originally ought to be."
76561198010479045,Recommended,211820,28441078,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Peter Pan,"A very nice game in ""Terraria"" genre, where you can build settlements, plant and harvest crops, mine for ores and craft ever-powerful gear.A few things that set it apart from other games is that:1. It has a spaceship that you can customise, such as planting crops on it to make it a self-sufficient command centre.2. There are different planet types with different biomes and also seasons that you can travel to.3. You can build and manage settlements.4. There is a campaign which you can work towards, but after finishing it, you can still continue on your current game.The game does not seem as tedious as other games in the same genre, building stuff doesn't take as much resources.The music is also very high quality as evident from the trailers.A must-buy for fans of this genre."
,Recommended,211820,24928462,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,StarspeakerGaming,"This game is expansive and long! If you like lots of lore this game is for you! If you like space the same can also be said. I LOVE starbound and cant get enough of it, so if you are wondering ""should i buy it"" or ""is it a good game"" the answer is BUY IT! Its an experience and you will love it!-zbleisch21P.S:      :D"
76561198027080447,Recommended,211820,24932753,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Super Ratz,"I was with this game since the begining and now to the End.  This game is amazing and fun, with such a relaxful Music Sound Track. It's a 2D Pixel Side Scrolling Build your Own Adventure and explore Many vas Worlds. There are Missions, Quest's and recurit your own Crew. Build a Base on one Planet and another on the next, Capture Pets and train them. Battle Boss's  and start a farm.  There are many good Mods for optional Race Mods to Building and craft. Chucklefish you made a fine game and I love you for it."
,Recommended,211820,24930888,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Psycho23,"Honestly if your a person who enjoys open world sand box games, i highly recommend you this game, theres much to do in this game and at the time of writing this i have only scratched the surface of the games content, and another great feature to help Lengthen the game's lifespan is the community workshop, it provides a vast variety of new content, or adjustments to the game if you wish to change them, overall Starbound is a fantastic game with many jokes and puns, so you keep on laughing as you travel the universe."
,Recommended,211820,30742804,Posted: 25 March,all,PacoMax1,"Many people says that ""Starbound now sucks"" or ""This is not the game I used to play when it was on Early Access"" but  what I think is that it suffers some kind of No Man's Sky dilema, because the game is huge and people says that it has not much content than it used to and so on, some say that is difficult but there are so many ways to play it it has not been difficult to me until the Baron Keep, you just got to get the good stuff from farming to just explore every planet you find. As I explore every planet I found that the people saying ""The same building in the same position but on other planet"" are very wrong, yes, the buildings and settlements may be the same but they're not generally in the same place or with the same loot, the thing is just to get out there and explore too.Anyway, Starbound is still a good game, probably what No Man's Sky would've been in some way."
76561197967361923,Not Recommended,211820,28397392,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Tacobus,"It's difficult for me to say this, but in its current state I do not recommend this game. Don't expect a Terraria-like experience. I have spent a good amount of time playing, trying to get into it, and hoping for a change in pace in the game... Unfortunately the problems with this game are very simple; it’s very easy, very repetitive and very boring.Pros:- Tons of basic content which basically would only make this game enjoyable if you just like to be creative with building.- It has done a decent job leading you in the right direction for the main story in a sea of repetitive content.- The challenge portals are occasionally fun.Cons:- It's horrendously easy. Please note, hardcore mode is not a difficulty developers, it should be purely an option to add-on to a difficulty. Turning on Hardcore does not change the DIFFICULTY of the game, it just makes me play slightly more cautious because I’ll lose everything and start over if I die. Again, NOT A DIFFICULTY, EVERYTHING IS THE SAME DIFFICULTY ONLY IT BECOMES A REALTIME ROUGELIKE-LIKE GAME. Along that line…“survival” or “need to eat mode” is only obnoxious for about 5 minutes(if that), then you find a food source you can abuse the entire game.- All the enemies are the same with a few different looks. In fact, everything in this game is the same with a few different skins! One more time, EVERYTHING IN THIS GAME IS THE EXACT SAME WITH A FEW DIFFERENT SKINS. All of which can be easily taken on with a few well timed jumps. No minibosses, or at least none other than one on the tutorial planet in my 45 hours of gameplay. The actual bosses in the game are all in quests/missions(out of world zones), except one which currently drops nothing and is completely pointless. Even planets are all the same regurgitated formula (sound familiar?), and will only be interesting for a few minutes of “oh that’s looks neat….” And…..? Grab a few ores, maybe some chests, done.- Crafting is 98% completely pointless. Don’t get me wrong there is some cool stuff there, but why would I bother making a railway through a planet, when I can charge through with my Matter Manipulator and get all the ores and chests I’ll ever need from that planet in about 10-15 minutes and just go on to the next planet ripe for the picking?- You will look at this games potential and just get sad at its current state.Please, developers, I know you want to make a new unique game from Terraria but you REALLY need to take some pointers from its book. Make this game fun, exciting and challenging! I want that “OH S---“moment we are all craving. I want to WANT TO explore, not look at it like a chore to get to the next pointless tier of rehashed crap. I want to find something unique, break it and suddenly be attacked by a giant space death worm ripping the planet apart, or get to a planet’s core only to realize it’s a giant living flesh beast planet I’ve been mining into. I want to find a dungeon that isn’t 5 minutes of exploration ending in another chest that has the same s--- all the other chests on the planet have."
,Recommended,211820,35143742,Posted: 22 September,all,P4nz3rhund,"Is this a good game? Well.. yes, especially with mods, migth get kinda boring occansionally but ahh.... it's still a good game."
76561197965351205,Not Recommended,211820,24753208,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Triptrippen,"Lack of multiplayer makes this game feel pretty empty and boring. I spent my first 2 hours killing things that posed no threat to me, chopping some trees down, and harvesting some metals/coal. I assume it gets better later but the beginning is bleakly boring its hard to get past it."
,Recommended,211820,9192916,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Hyperchaotic,"Awesome! It looks like Terraria but all action is in space and different planets. You can explore them, you can build your own spaceship, you can hunt different animals and aliens, you can craft all you want."
76561198004150469,Recommended,211820,17303652,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Diabeto,"great game, one of the few poeple who are actually going to go through with releasing an early access game on steam"
76561198079821152,Recommended,211820,8993787,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Mana,"If this game was a fork, it  would be forking amazing10/10-IGN"
,Recommended,211820,11516892,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Karousever,"Ah, I cannot avoid making a review now! Okay, so I see this game getting a lot of bad criticism. I just don't think it's fair. This truly is a great game. I have only spent a mere 24 hours on it, but that's not because I don't enjoy it, that's due to my lackluster PC. In about a year or two, I'll most likely have a much more high-end PC that I can play any game on, and this will be one of the first. I love Starbound. In my 24 hours it brought me a ton of joy. It was so expansive and amazing, it took its own perspective to its genre, letting you zip from planet to planet with endless possibilites. It was actually really cool scavenging for fuel, then searching for a planet that felt like home to me. I had a lot of fun. I can't wait until I'm hundreds of hours into this game.Also, people seem to really attack the developers and rant and rage about how they don't have what they want yet. Sure, maybe the developers promised things and didn't deliver yet. Making a game like this is hard though! I go on their website and I can see that they're at least doingsomethingevery day. They're hard-working people. This game hasn't been abandoned, and in my opinion is pretty darn great. I see no reason for all the hate it's getting.I hope anyone who is thinking about buying this game decides not to just because of all the unjustly angry people. If you're thinking of buying this game and you read my review, I say get it. I really enjoyed the game, I think you just might too."
,Not Recommended,211820,12404671,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"I liked Terraria, that must've been a fluke cause I don't like any of the clones."
76561198119331818,Not Recommended,211820,13511171,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,SGTSpaceKitty,"I thought this game would be so much more and that they would UPDATE it, it's not like its a BETA or anything. Jeez"
,Not Recommended,211820,18339397,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Zoogoo40,Devs don't listen. Devs don't really care.
,Recommended,211820,18361453,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,S0l4r,"so, i just beat the first boss, and im like lets make a colony! so i make a colony and some real ugly creature desides to come and i got kind if dissapointed, because he was a jerk too. so, i leave the planet so i can get fuel and titanium for the next mission, and when i come back to the first planet, i warp into this apex city. i swear, i was walking in a straight line for 15 minutes. when i got to his shelter, it had a giant hole in it and a native monster to the area. i slayed the monster, only to find the colinist dead. there was one thing left. a cake.***LIEK DIS IF YOU CRI EVERYTIEM***"
,Recommended,211820,24637286,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Axatet,THe game that everybody wants but nobody realizes they do.Ran around on an alien planet looting stuff and playing take on me on my guitar. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,12654773,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,[Herman],"I .... Still don't know yet.... maybe I should play it, just a bit more .."
,Recommended,211820,26408295,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Normel Hooman,"This game is by far one of my favorite games that I have ever played.If you enjoy space and exploration, and are willing to sacrifice realism for fantasy and pixel graphics, then this game is your dream come true. It's much like Terraria, on super steriods.You've got everything. Survival. Space. Farming. Dungeons. Trading. Quests. Rage quits. It's enough to keep me going for hours.Just remember protectorate, staysafelucky out there."
,Recommended,211820,26414812,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,XenoRocket,"This game is definetly amazing, even though I love Terraria the same. But this time we talk about Starbound, not Terraria. Starbound is WONDERFUL. The pixel graphics are beautiful, the mechanics are great, the story - Could have been better, since 40 % of the quests is scanning for clues, but that's not bad - I like finding new info about things! It creates an atmosphere that feels free, it almost feels like it's literaly the ultimate game - Story - check, Character customization - check, Open world - check, Weapons - that's what i'd like to talk about more. Weapons... are proceduraly generated! Yes, they are randomly generated, except the legendary class ones. those are already in the game. Wire function - I literaly MADE A COMPUTER IN STARBOUND! (however, it had only 2 programs - a little world creation game, and 5 pictures, and it didn't have a desktop.) So if you're asking - do I recomend this game, then I can tell - I do.10/10 - Amazing.XenoRocket."
76561198277634348,Recommended,211820,25288726,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Lysol+Clorox=???,i have play 12 hours and i love it already would recommend this game if you like terraria because its the same concept but in space and way bigger than terraria worlds because you would never explore the whole universe unless you hack and again i would really recommend this game it is amazing also lots of customize options.
,Recommended,211820,25952757,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,LunaWolf,"I love this game :) I was very skeptical about this game, as it looked very simmilar to Terraria (which i am not a fan of), but once i got playing it, i just couldnt stop. Everything about it, from the story, to the races, to the different types of planet, are all unique and i dont think i will ever get bored of this game :) 10/10. The only downside (and its a small one) is that sometimes, when playing online multiplayer, it lags a bit. But thats the one and only downside :)"
,Recommended,211820,27519352,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Chernobylitate,"A definite 9/10 for this wonderful 2D Space Exploration, Settlement Building piece of gem.Played this game when it was still in version ""Perturbed Koala"". It's come a long way and alot of changes have been made to be able to create such a wonderful game like this.Alot of people compare it to Terraria and call it just ""Space Terraria"", you're missing out.+Exploration+Story+Dungeons+Building-Might get grindy when you're 3/4 into the gamePS: Its still better than No Man's Sky."
76561198032740097,Not Recommended,211820,24609669,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Adam Keltfire,"I wanted to like this game. In fact, I wanted to love this game, but I couldn't bring myself to it. Let me preface my review by saying I did not play Starbound when it was in its early access phases, so I did not experience the adventures that were, according to other reviewers, better than how the game is now.The first few hours of the game were great, very fun actually. Lots of exploration, things to discover, and when I finally got my ship repaired and looked at the map of the universe, it looked massive, and I was so excited! I started going through the main questline with my first character, and it was going pretty well, until I started getting some framerate issues. I looked into it further, and apparently other players had been having these issues as well, and they recommended trying to run the 32-bit version of Starbound. This didn't help at all, so I just decided, ""eh, whatever, it's just a few frame drops, I'll power through it."" Then the visual tears arrived, and my patience started to dwindle. I tried powering through that too, but then Starbound kicked it up a notch, and crashed my entire computer. By the way, I don't have a cheap laptop, I have a decked out gaming pc. I hadn't saved for a while, so I was worried about how much I had lost. Started up the game again to the sight of an empty character select screen. That's right, the game crashing didn't just push me back to my last save, it DELETED MY CHARACTER.So I went to google, trying to figure out how to recover my character. I was able to get him back, but everything was messed up. My character was in a completely different solar system than before, and I was missing half of what I had in my inventory. Long story short, I gave up on this game after that. I'm not going to go to the trouble of fixing a game, that's the game developer's job.tl;dr On top of frame rate issues, the game crashed once and deleted my character (yes, really), and I couldn't recover my character properly. This game is broken, and until these issues get fixed, I can't give it a positive review."
,Recommended,211820,23573541,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Zeebarf,"Pretty goodDisgusting multiplayer system, however"
76561197980271582,Recommended,211820,15510858,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Dervish,"Starbound is, without a doubt, the best early access title I have ever played. I could pay 3-4 times what I did for this and still be incredibly pleased with the product.Recently I had lost all faith in the early access alpha business model and I was starting to see it only as a way for developers to cash in on their idea on the front end and never get around to making a game worth playing out of that bundle of ideas once they had everyone's money.This game restored my ability to believe that developers can do right by their E.A. customers, and give them something that exceeds their expectations and rewards them for their support in the long run.Prior to the most recent stable release, I was already amazed by how engrossing this game can be, I had put in a couple hundred hours playing it, and now it is even better. The new features all work like a charm and add depth and fun to the gameplay. They are ironing out some exploits and making the whole thing really feel like a game that is complete and already released, while adding in better versions of previous features that seem expertly tuned to the needs of the player.The graphics are charming, the art style is wonderful and whimsical and the animations are simple but effective and incredibly immersive for a 2d game. Little things like craftable customizeable teleporters and the new ship based pets who scamper around your ship all add up to one big title that is way more fun and way more original than a lot of AAA titles I have seen.It brings me endless joy as a lifelong PC gamer who started in the early 90s, to see this camera angle used in a game in 2015 and used so well.The ability to dig out the background goes a long way toward making you forget you can only move in 2 axis, but you never feel constrained by the platformer style movement. In fact, the simplicity of sidescrolling seems to give it character that games like minecraft lack for me.Being able to directly shape the almost infinite number of worlds around my character, from digging them up to building them to be however I want them, gives this game almost unending replayability. I have rarely seen a game that allows you to start at the surface of the gameworld and literally dig through every layer of it down to the very planet core, all the while finding new things. To be able to bring my years of lego building to bear and construct the worlds to my liking with the resources I stripped from them is just the icing on the cake.In single player it is really easy to lose track of time and find that you've been playing for hours.Multiplayer adds to this, and with a couple of friends you can create/build incredible things in no time, explore worlds together and have a real blast.Even if this type of game is not your usual style, I recommend you give it a try. You will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,211820,15504883,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,⎛⎝☯ The Foxy H. ㊋⎠⎞,"Good Soundtrack,Grafics,Gameplay and Now Story Missions.This game will go on my list of ""Best Games Of My Life"""
76561198123177101,Recommended,211820,23327389,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Ty93536,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,211820,24495512,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,"Zack ""Hands-On"" Hampson",Recently updated. Used to have barebones content. Now has a plethora of content. Good work.
,Recommended,211820,24514065,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,{yellow}[gsk]crossfire ๑ﭥ,"Took me 28 hours to complete the story(mining, waiting, dying time included)Amazing story, alot of cool items. I already finished the story but i haven't even check allthe cool new stuff, Definitely going to put more hours into this game. ALOT More.Thanks to all the people who helped me and coop with me, this game is always going to beone of my most favorite games. c:"
,Recommended,211820,24515301,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Gnayrr,"The first thing I'll say is... ""Wow.""My expectations were low considering the game wasn't being updated frequently other than the nightly updates.When I clicked play on my steam library and the game loaded, I was met with the main screen and the first thing that caught my attention was the music. This is some of the most peaceful and beautiful music I've ever heard. It's so relaxing and it is uplifting.Next, as soon as I created my amazing character, I was met with the tutorial of the game. It was a short tutorial that introduced the basic controls and the plot. The tutorial was very well done. It didn't feel like it dragged out and it was easy to understand the basic plot of this game. It's 4 minutes long MAX.But, another thing I saw in the tutorial was the outstanding pixel art. The pixel art is so vibrant and colorful. I often find myself stop and admire the world around me in a... pixel game. I'm very impressed.The combat is a lot like terraria. If you've played terraria, you can already imagine what it will feel like. However, some items are one handed and you can wield two things at once. Ex: A sword in one hand and a flashlight in the other.The building system is a lot like Terraria aswell, however, depending on what furniture you put in buildings, it will attract a certain race to that home. NPC's are random and often give you different quests depending on NPC's around them, the location, etc. It adds depth to the characters and make them feel alive. Some of them might even ask you to aboard your ship!There is an actual story to this game. Considering the type of game this is, the main quests are actually enjoyable and exciting. I am often surprised at the fun I have doing these quests.Quests can be a variety of things such as fetch quests, kill these monsters quests, etc. However, some of them take place in instanced area's. For example, one of them was a science lab mission where I had to gather a certain ore. It had checkpoints and if I died I would respawn at that checkpoint. At the end of them they usually have bosses. Once you're all done, turn in the quest and enjoy that loot!TL;DRThere is so much more I haven't seen of this game that I'm excited to witness. 8 hours in and I'm falling inlove with this game already. I can already tell there is so much that this game has to offer and has vastly improved since it finally released. Congrats ChuckleFish!"
,Recommended,211820,24515730,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Redey59,"Recently I have finished the main campaign and am now on (atleast what i believe) the ""end-game"" gear, so if i ever wanted to ""write a review"" now would be a good time.The Good:+The game looks good, not more i can say here really.+Combat is very varied, it basicly has three diffirent categories in weapons (melee, ranged andmagic) which all have a pretty good amount of subclasses which control in different ways and even get different ""special"" attacks.+The campaign does a very good job of directing you where to go without being in the way, if you want you could also just fully ignore it.+Alot of creative tools, i personally have not touched these that much (since i'm not creative at all), but the tools at your disposal are pretty insane and i can't wait to see what the community can make with them.+Some pretty good bosses that force you to learn them in order to take them down.+Steam Workshop support for mods, always a good thing to have.The Bad:-Enemy AI is incredibly dumb and will almost always take the fastest route towards you, even ranged units will run in a specific range and if you were to knock them back before they get their shot off they'll have to walk back to that specific range before trying that shot again.-It's pretty easy, sure i died from time to time but those death mostly came from falling off cliffs or getting suprise attacked by a good amount of enemies because i fell into a cave, outside of bosses the regular enemies are not as big of a threat as i'd like them to be (especially in endgame).-Minor armor spoiler:No set bonuses/special ""passives"", if you have a background with Terraria where specific armor/weapon sets would have special effects with eachother you'll be a bit dissapointed here as armor simply does not work like that here.-Some pretty bad bosses that feel more like a DPS test then an amazing fight (I'd say the good to bad boss ratio would be around 40% to 60%).-No anti-griefing on your personal ship will make you either dump everything on a singleplayer planet or simply never play online with people you don't 100% trust, this is especially sad since you can tell the ship is incredibly usefull as a mobile ""base"", but the fact that any party member can just teleport to your ship whenever they please and take ALL your items or simply destroy everything inside is horrifying. (thankfully your inventory size is pretty big atleast)The Ugly:+-There are ""legendary"" weapons with unique effects, but i've yet to find one that outdoes the regular peashooter in terms of DPS (although i'll admit some of the unique things they get are very cool, albeit a bit impractical)+-There is a very slight delay of being able to use a ranged weapon or a shield after switching to it, you can tell this is done to simply make the player less powerfull (as melee weapons don't have this issue), but it can make it feel a bit clunky. (i'd say the delay is around 0.5 to 1 second)+-I can't really put my finger on it, but platforming can feel a little bit clunky at times when you have to make a very specific jump, though this is fixed pretty quickly once you get acces to the ""techs"" in the game.tl;dr:I've been having alot of fun with Starbound over the last few days and would happily recommend anyone to give it a try now that it's out of Early Acces."
76561198075038123,Recommended,211820,24521544,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Luth Nightbreeze,"Great game! Lots of new features added in 1.0 too. The story mode levels are well made and there's interesting lore behind each of the playable races too. While the tutorial levels may be a bit boring, it's a really great game once you get into it."
,Recommended,211820,24526394,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,heecks,"I played in the early acces and without burning myself on the game. I restarted with the 1.0 launch. I didnt had any issues to play the game at all so far, no FPS problem too. I dont know what dev promised, some peoples seem disapointed but for myself Ive not followed too much what dev made to avoid spoiler and the game is correct. Quests can be confusing and I get lost. Since its a fresh restart I cant really comment on content and Ive not tryed any mods.I had to rebind some key on my mouse via my mouse program because the game didnt give me choice and the old toolbar was way better but I use key binding to avoid trouble. Overall I enjoy the game, I knowed what I paid for and it was not over priced ( 17,00 CAD ).Its starbound, some peoples should stop comparing this to terraria."
,Recommended,211820,24528304,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,MrStealYourMemes69,"I want to love this game. Sometimes it lets you enjoy it to the fullest, other times it falls extremely short and it's painfully obvious.In short -Read the top review by Tystarchius Vandereer and the second top review byKirby teh Pink. Sort by most helpful.My OpinionI personally liked the game and enjoyed my time with it.I played it when it first released in 2013, then kinda just forgot about it. When 1.0 came out I set up a server and convinced a friend to buy the game as well. In 3 days I've sunk 31.3 hours into it. It is very addicting, that I won't deny.I played with 2 other friendsand we sort of powered through the content (We didn't rush it). We have a great base, the best armor, and great weapons. We finished the main story today (26th of July). Suffice to say the main story is interesting but turns out to be lackluster; almost lazy; and clearly not suited for more than 2 players.There is nothing much to do after finishing the story, in my opinion.Once you do, it turns into a space terraria sandbox.Colonization is perhaps something to peruse after finishing the main story and acquiring the best gear, but I haven't tried colonization yet. Perhaps you will find it fun if you enjoybuilding A LOT of buildings. Or decorate and expand your spaceship, or build another primary base. You decide!ConclusionAgain, the game has it's faults but I'm not calling it a bad game. I enjoyed it thoroughly and would recommend it to anyone who wants to try something new but isn't interested in Terraria or perhaps IS coming from Terraria. Word of advice however: If you're coming from terraria, don't expect there to be as much content as there is in terraria. You WILL be disappointed if that's your mindset. Starbound is far from perfect. Plus, at a price of 14 dollars/euros I'd say you have yourself a steal of a deal (Even better when it goes on sale!).--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------P.S. Read the top review by Tystarchius Vandereer and the second top review byKirby teh Pink. Sort by most helpful."
,Recommended,211820,24550459,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Davlin,"I think the people who gave this game negative reviews are people who bought it cause Indie games are all the rage and  are cool and this is an indie game, why did I buy it.. because it's ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and it's a indie game and I'm a indie dev cause idie games are cool .Ps. Mod community is great, Starbound is always best flayed with Fraking Universe, why?? because Fraking Universe that's why!"
,Recommended,211820,24715165,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,7 meter kuk,"Since Beta the game changed a lot, but i still like it because it offers a lot of stuff for a player, who enjoy Terraria or other sort of games9.4 / 10"
,Recommended,211820,24715914,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Pabloziac,"Explore, die, repeat"
76561198142051895,Recommended,211820,24716024,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The X-Factor,"Starbound is full of planets with diverse enviroments and different races that scream with personallity and charm. The diversity of weapons usualy fills my entire hotbar. I mean who doesn't want to duel wield boomarangs? There are also a lot of things to do. You can go out and take on the main missions, explore planets to find cool items, create your own colony or do side quests where your rescuing some idiot who got lost 5 feet away from the settlement.The game does have some framerate issues at times and there will be times where enemies will stop moving for a while due to the game trying load everything. Though it never became a big problem.This game has enough content to be a nearly full priced game. One of the best indie games out there."
,Not Recommended,211820,24717107,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Arcane Bunny,"It's a great game and all, but I don't want to recommend it simply because the developers cease to help the community with the simplest problems :(All I asked for was a bug fix for screen resolutions since going into 1920x1080 for me just zooms into the top left corner of the screen, however.. since 1.0 was launched this was not fixed, I tried manual fixes and everything, went through forums etc and there seems to be no way to fix it. I don't intend to leave this review negative since I truly do love this game, but this just really makes me have crippling depression. I'll check every update and once this is fixed I'll write a REAL review at 100 hours. I just hope you guys see this(Update on 9/9/2016: The problem has still not been fixed..)- Love Tin"
76561198013317980,Recommended,211820,24900977,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,themastertrevor,"This is the game everyone wanted No Man's Sky to be.  It's 2d rather than 3d but other than that this game gives you what you want.  A fully explorable galazxy, multiplayer, bosses, crafting, quests. It's crazy that this game has damn near everything. One of the coolest things is that each planet really is a surprise. They aren't barren wastelands, empty worlds, or stock cookie cutter maps.  It's so rare to find any patters of repition. There are ALWAYS NPC's to run into both on the surface and below while you're mining.  Some are friendly to you some hostile.  It will take too many words to expailn everything.  Unfortunatly I'm not a magical man :'(. One could probably write a disertation on the content this game has.  This is a MUST own game for any GAMER.   This game is actually, no hyperbolics here,  literally a candidate for best game ever.  Obviously it can't be, no game can me everything to everyone but this comes so damn close. STARBOUND IS STRAIGHT UP A MUST OWN, MUST PLAY GAME.  END.  OF.  REVIEW."
76561198119419792,Not Recommended,211820,24905769,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,CuckCunt,Just wasnt my cup of tea
,Recommended,211820,24909266,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Clearly inept,"This is probably the best game I've evr played. At this point of time I've clocked in about 150 hours of this game, and I have no intention to stop playing!This game has:- A brilliant set up plotline with interesting backstory- Challenging missions with huge amounts of rewarding side quests- Good looking environments and biomes- Huge varieties of monsters and bosses dropping collectibles and loot upon deathI've beat the final boss, and after that, I've been collecting ore samples, fossils, figurines, just to mention a few. I've been buuilding a colony, upgraded my space ship, built automated farms, recieving acievements, and so on. Everyone should buy this game!"
,Recommended,211820,24946110,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,airbush,The best survival game if you dont like survival games.
,Recommended,211820,23480118,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Charlie0006,Awesome and fun game to play with friends
76561198135146345,Recommended,211820,23520777,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Baluffalo,A wonderful game that's different every time you play it. Great pick up for only $15
,Recommended,211820,23538845,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Firewaze,I absoultly love this game For so many reasons witch i will be covering:The variaty: There are so many ways to play explore and play starbound You can customize your charecter and  become you and you only theres lots of neat wepons armyour and items Personaly im surprised that this is in beta it seems like a full game!The music: the music in this game in my oppinion is amazing i could listen to it for hours honestly They also added music instruments so you can find the ones you like like voilens and gutairs and some extra funs ones to play around with!The Mobs/npcs : the amount of different monsters and npcs there are insane  theyre all very unique and made buetufly and the amount of things you can do with them are amazing!The Exploration:  Oh my when at first i played starbound i enjoyed my little world witch was massive of how big i thought starbound was... until i found that were more and more and oh my goodness theres so many places you can go and explore with all the biomes and buildings and towns and everything i think the amount is endless (i think)The multiplayer: the multiplayer isnt very big currently although i do enjoy plying with freinds from now and then!Thats all i have to share im sure theres much more i can cover but i dont wanna spoil the game to much so im not gonna put in to many details since then whats the point of playing but although its sand box theres still a story witch im not gonna cover but im sure the 15$ is definatly Star on!
76561198032591777,Recommended,211820,24070694,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,BENT BENNETT,"I've seen this game evolve and change a LOT from the game I bought originally. And I am loving where it's going. From building distress beacons so long ago to summon a pirate penguin to now building an underground high-tech colony complete with aquarium and possible torture chamber, I've loved all of these 200 hours, and I'll love 200 more when the next updates come."
,Recommended,211820,25107770,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Cybercyrus,Wide as a puddle deep as an ocean? lol
76561198100446726,Recommended,211820,23226568,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,To Asgaard,"Starbound is a great game that has came a long way since it was first in beta.  They still put out updates at a very good rate, and before long it will be leaving beta for an official release.  The dungeons and challenges are great, plus the amount of variety for the creatures and planets is very nice.  If you like terraria, you should def check this game out.  Its on par with terraria for sure :)  I'll include a link below to a video that I did recently taking a look at the game since some of the recent updates and such, and I'll likely be turning that episode into a lets play series :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=axEXzIyByuY"
,Recommended,211820,23606887,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Virus~,"A Truly Wonderful RPG Experience With A Lovely Sandbox, So Much Potential I Love This Game :3"
,Recommended,211820,23615532,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Donut,This game is great! I got the game when it was still pretty early in development and it has come a long way! The art and graphics of this game is really good and I love the mechanics! A lot of replayability in this game for sure! 10/10 will play again!
,Recommended,211820,23621194,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Mr. Guy,havent gone outside for a week
,Recommended,211820,23624219,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Sindingbat,"For the price it's great fun. You can get this game for less than the price of a pizza, and it'll entertain you for a lot longer. People complaining about dev time are, probably NOT game devs. Shocker."
,Recommended,211820,23244464,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Zappy csgoblocks.com,"Having only dented the surface of this immersive title has already proven that its terraria like aspects, along with pleasing space mechanics and many other things that make starbound what it is has made it one of the most fun sandbox-y 2d games ive ever played. with a variety of races and weapons and blocks and planets and f*****g star systems its a surefire way to blast your game play sessions to the literal moon and back ;)"
76561198060871441,Recommended,211820,23264566,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Major Noob,"Starbound is a side scrolling exploration game similar to Terreria.  I feel Starbound is better than Terreria.  You have your background build/break with right click and your normal build with left click like in Terreria.  But in Starbound you have a ship which you upgrade as you complete more quest.   There are a massive number of planets which many require you to get a suit upgrade.  There are a massive number of decoration items as well as building items.  You can even set up wiring.  What's even better is, 1.0 is right around the corner which will add even more.  I would strongly recommend you guys to buy Starbound if you like Minecraft and Terreria."
76561198116004626,Recommended,211820,23303022,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MrFuffleLuffleAndDr.Puffles,"This game is the most fun I have had ever Starbound is great brings a lot of content even if its an beta its the best if anyone would disprove me pls add me on steam and tell me why u don't like it, Because its a great game the developer's put the time into this game and trying to make it into a full game other than that very great game"
76561198008067543,Recommended,211820,23427295,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Bloodsoup0311,I have been playing this game since it first came out in 2013. Everything about it is awesome the exploration the crafting system the co-op. I always get a copy for my friends because i just cant say enough good things about it. Play it you will not regret it.
76561198135034049,Recommended,211820,23510883,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,MojoTopia,Better then Terraria
76561198212956055,Recommended,211820,23598016,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Pandafied,"This game is really good but i got very good fast and people were using cheats to give me stuff. So i got really OP and then it just got boring. So some advice, don't cheat."
76561198268297038,Recommended,211820,23616864,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,товарищ саржа,This game is AMAZING if any of you like interstellar or space stuff you will love this game the musik is nice and soothing and mostly ocure in the best moment the story is awesome and you have a good character customisation option aswell as 5 different races. the question is more like what cant you do in starbound. IT IS REALY WORTH THE MONEY
,Recommended,211820,24070679,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Alabaster,"At first I was nervous to buy this game, with the negative coments and no personal references for opinions. But after owning this game for 4 days and putting in 48hrs worth of game time. I can say that it is well worth ignoring the ney sayers and spending the $15.The main complaints I've heard coming into Starbound was that there was too much lagg and that it was hardly finished. While I have noticed a few times what you would call ""lagg"", it really only a second or less of slowing down (nothing that ever caused any problems). However, I would suppose that if you played on the ""unstable"" version of the game (When you purchase starbound it comes w/ stable & unstable versions) then you may experience more issues...but then again they warn about that in the Developers note ""The [NIGHTLY] branch is updated automatically every night, and is for players who want to track progress or simply can't wait to check out shiny new features. :D Play at your own risk, though, as these builds are not tested and bugs/crashes are likely.""As for its content, within 48 hours I was craft the highest level armors, fully upgrade my ship, and fully upgrade my matter manipulator and all tech upgrades. Partially because I was lucky and found good planets with abundant resorces but, also because I powered through it as fast as I could and looked up guides. Even still, this game had more than enough content to be worth the price. And as for endgame content, there is still the option to build and grow colonies (that have even more side quests that pop up in them), exploration can still yeild great rewards such as rare weapons and gear, there are lore books to collect, challenge dungeons, and regular dungeons to fight through (or capture and turn into your own colonies).Really this is almost enough for me to call it a finished game but I'd still love to see more and where they can go from here. But if $15 won't kill you and you enjoy building/exploration/RPG games, then I'd say that Starbound is definitely worth a shot."
76561198138575078,Recommended,211820,24213807,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,ArsonistGlaceon,Pros-Very fun-Tutorial is actually enjoyable-Massive amounts of weapons-Diffrent things on diffrent planets make exploring fun-Good sense of humorCons-Multiplayer is hard to set up for casual players-Story is lacking at the moment
76561198278273471,Recommended,211820,24842612,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,-=NERD=- Radish42.3,"Hey Everyoone. Now to me at least, Starbound was overwhelmingly intruiging and i wanted it for years. When I finally got Steam, It was the only game i had for a LONG time. Addmittedly, at first it wasn't too great despite the dozens of hours of playtime. Multiplayer was broken, wepons needed balancing, and there wwas no real story. 1.1 was to fix all that. Every now and then I stop by on the community to see the reveiws and dicussions on games. I expected with the release of 1.1, everyone would be raing even higher than before, but all I found were neatives. I can see that the story isn't great, and lots of content was sadly scrapped, but remeber that this the game JUST came out of beta. Remeber, the developers will continue to inprove the qualirty of the game. I for one love the new interfaces and quests. The artwrk is stunning and the idea is great. Although it is striving to be like Terraria a bit, it has its own unique aspects, like BEING IN SPACE. So don't hate on this newly released games few issues. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,16094361,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,RoyalGuardian7,Monster Hunter : Space EditionPS: Update your display drives for the latest version.
76561198072352685,Not Recommended,211820,17020933,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Broom,"Went dungeon crawlingGot cool lootWent to another dungeonLoot was the sameMade a museum of lootRealize that all loot is the same, adn there's way too much useless ****"
76561198129227544,Recommended,211820,15681953,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,amelia,"Space, Minecraft, Pokemons! This game is just amazing."
76561198093595250,Recommended,211820,15746988,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,tekkaboss,"Ah... Starbound. A  very fun 2D sandbox game much like Terraria, except with much more exploration on many different planets and in dungeons. There are many races and styles to choose from when creating your character and many weapons and armors to suit it. Recently adding new quests adds much more game play time and more exciting goals to work for. This game can be a little grindy in the beggining but is very fun once you get some good armor and weapons. Overall, a very promising game with much to come in the near future. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,15677651,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Squigly,"THi is a amazing game to play with freinds. if you have time and the creativity and imagination, this game is truly enjoyable"
,Recommended,211820,24466261,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,field,"Starbound is without a doubt one of my favorite games in my library. It is finally version 1.0 and although the universe was wiped once more, this game has so much more now that is is finally out of Early Access, A complete story with an entire universe to explore and randomly generated everything from planets to plants. The sound track is amazing, the story is fun especially with so much more to do now with an entirely new story and plot to explore and this is only version 1.0, and yet it has so much to do. Hours and hours of gameplay and things to do. This game already has more things to do than terraria and as an owner of both games, this game is definatly more fun. I love all the mods and different races you can play as. This game is jam packed full of things to do. I would definatly reccommend this game. 5/5"
,Not Recommended,211820,25993143,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,EagleZ,What the ♥♥♥♥ happened to the whole thing? Also it runs so ♥♥♥♥ing slow even with a GTX960 ffs
,Recommended,211820,24829659,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Harp,Space Jam
,Recommended,211820,19597198,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Nodus Tollens,"Like Terraria on crack, seriously, the sheer amount of content in this game is mindboggling.Keep on kicking♥♥♥♥♥Dev's, you're doing it right.10/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,13040838,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Lanaflux,Trap.
,Not Recommended,211820,13028459,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,[SLAVE]♡✈mmMAiamm✈♡,this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥i had it it was fun but now everytime i go on it it just crashes after the chuckle fish face
,Recommended,211820,24947671,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,remilia irl,space furries
76561197966003046,Not Recommended,211820,17129519,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Rektal☭,"If you have time to mindlessly do the same things over and over than this is the game for you. (How I have 244 hours on it is beyond me, I think there must've been a glitch in the timescale or something.)"
,Recommended,211820,7971193,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Lu,Great game. Bring on the updates Dev.
76561198036677205,Recommended,211820,8174956,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,louismorel,aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaarrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrrr
76561198076580284,Not Recommended,211820,11628492,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Captain Stutterlag,"Great game where you will experiment the pain of dozens of promised features not being implemented ever as the developers unfairly put the blame on the main character of the story: you. You will have to beat endless hordes of mindless fanboys who will defend the beta concept to the death, beastly moderators swinging their banhammers like enraged berserkers and a huge amount of fallacies that will drive you insane. If that wasn't enough, the almighty devs are masters of deception and will use their powers to ridicule you, shame you and ignore you, if you prove to be resilient enough.In this game you will travel from forum to forum on a quest to restore your main character's honor and possibly get your money back. Every forum will have harder enemies as the brains of your opponents shrink more and more and their rage grows.The funniest part of it is the investigation part, where you have to contrast the information of what the developers said and promised with what the devs say now and spot their blatant lies. I really like how they played with the feelings of the main character when everyone is against him but he still stands for what is right. It's very heroic and sad at the same time.I rate it 10 out of 10 because I really liked the drama.*spoilers* Even though the mighty devlords promise you refunds at the beginning of the game, in the end you face the harsh truth and get nothing back, not even your time. It's a very dark and dramatic ending but very realistic as well. it definitely consolidates the position of video games as an art. *spoilers*My only complaint about it is that it's not quite as balanced as it should be: even though your arguments grow stronger each level, procedurally generated mobs share all the same buzzwords, from level 1 to 99. So, you can find a lvl1-99 mob wielding the mighty shield of ""B-BUT IT'S A BETA"", which is basically insta-gameover because it's a really broken item, even after three years it hasn't been nerfed yet.Note: Now seriously, DO NOT BUY THIS GAME NEVER EVER EVER EVER... EVER! I can play games like the witcher 2 or Dark Souls with no lag and yet this game is unplayable to me. Delayed for 3 years and delivered nothing but a laggy mess. I'd say not even modders can save it now.If you were thinking about buying this game for christmas... DON'T DO IT YOU FOOL! Buy Terraria instead or better yet: buy Magicka."
,Not Recommended,211820,13207204,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Nifuraka,"hey look, it's like an orphanabandoned and forgottenjust get terraria instead"
,Recommended,211820,28520294,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,The Glitch,<3
76561197985773996,Recommended,211820,7917012,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,whodatboi,Just buy it.
76561198028637086,Recommended,211820,8737405,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CP Lana,"This is quite the experience that anyone can enjoy. it is a side-scrolling game similar to the likes ot Terraria. But unlike Terraria, there is a greater emphasis on exploration, than on building. the soundtrack is supurb, and you have the ability to customize your character however you like between six different races (more with mods) various hairstyles, clothing, and colors.This is truly a game about making the world  your own.Good sci-fi fun that expands on what made Terraria work and fix what held it back. It is constantly being updated to include more content, so remember, this is not the final product. not even close. buy now!"
,Recommended,211820,9059528,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Makeshift,This is a fantastic game even in beta worth 15$ has plenty of things to do tons of items plenty of worlds/stars you should buy it right now What are you doing reading this steal your mom's credit card :3
76561198032116190,Recommended,211820,29771478,Posted: 7 February,all,Templar8899,Been loving it thus far.
,Recommended,211820,26890074,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HONK machine,"Writing this for my fourth steam nominee badge, I'm going to write a serious review on this ♥♥♥♥ing AMAZING game afterwards. <3BUY, THIS, ♥♥♥♥ING, GAME."
,Recommended,211820,34852355,Posted: 9 September,all,ŔĘÜŠŠ(´･ω･`),Buy it m9
76561198069060818,Recommended,211820,24526175,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,turtle5204,"Now that 1.0 is out, I'm going to release my review! There are quite a few negative reviews, including this one that got my attention:#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorRIP diamond oreRIP crafting toolsRIP old toolbarRIP grasslands biomeRIP temperatureRIP stackable foodRIP robot and jelly bossesRIP sectorsRIP ability to repair toolsRIP unique SAIL avatarsRIP mechsBut, this person has not seen the new Steam Workshop intergration. Don't like something? Find a mod or mod it yourself! Some people might squeal ""Oh, I don't know how to mod! Only college graduates know how to do that!"", well, IT'S EASY, IF YOU JUST TRY. Anyways, this game is fun. Good, detailed story, makes you work to get stuff. Procedural planets are cool, it's not just ""terraria in space""! You can download mods from Steam Workshop, and other cool stuff!10/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,211820,24526536,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Anj,A beautiful experience.
,Recommended,211820,24545270,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,[CoFR]SirMoo,"Basically Starbound is more or less Terraria-in-space with a gazillion procedurally-generated planets with each planet having a primary biome and up to several mini-biomes, as well as minibiomes underground. Starbound was started by some of the original Terraria devs.Builtin-Pros:- Good basic 2D block building framework- IN SPACE- Housing- Farming- Exploration- Has multiplayer with dedicated servers- Has a basic builtin wiring/electronics building framework allowing you to craft and place switches/sensors.- Extensive Lua-based modding and scriptingOut-of-the-box Cons:- Lack of weapon types. I mean there are a lot of generated variations but are all based on short sword, long sword, spear, axe, hammer, pistol, machine pistol, shotgun, grenade launcher, rocket launcher, auto rifle, sniper rifle. (moddable)- Lack of useful/weapon craftables (most of it is cosmetic or food items) (moddable)- Can get boring- Depending on what kind of player you are, questing isn't very impressive, but at least there is more than before.- No more drills (previously, in early beta you could get/craft destructible drills which made digging faster than using your matter manipulator, now the matter manipulator can get upgraded but the fastest speed is still not very fast compared to the old diamond drills). There is probably a mod which adds this back in.1.0-Pros: (Pros introduced in 1.0):- You can get ship crew now.- NPC villages give quests with rewards.- Hunger meter re-added (actually this was added back in during the unstable/nightly pre-releases).1.0-Cons: (Cons introduced in 1.0):- only 6 hotbar items per hotbar now (but you get 2 of them) and default-equipped quickslot removed- Can't teleport back to ship unless the sky is visible (ok I sorta get that, and it's also probably moddable).- Can't stack food items (this is due to food degradation but there is a mod for that now).- Appears ore is more rare (probably to get people to travel more to get stuff rather than just farming one or two planets per star type).You can walk around the planet as one of 7 playable races by walking continously in a given direction and you will end up where you started. Each planet as a reachable core made of lava or impassible solid (moons). The planets are located within star systems. You have a ""ship"" with expandable rooms which serves as your main base of operations that can retain all of your stuff when switching multiplayer servers and from where you can travel between planets, beam up and down from planets, and travel between the star systems.I usually play this in single player, where I engage in farming (it's actually slightly more fun than the farming in Stardew Valley, imo), going to planets, looking for cool NPC villages or NPC dungeons.I have been playing this since it was in Beta and on Steam Early Access. A couple of years ago, during the Koala series of beta releases, the universe was split into 5 sectors of varying NPC diffculty and you had to beat a boss to open up each sector but otherwise there was no questing. In the next release, codenamed Giraffe, each star was given a radiation type, requiring protective gear (for supplying air, radiation immunity, heat immunity, cold immunity) for each of the more exotic biomes (aireless, radiation, hot, cold). Bosses were changed so that they would reward the appropirate protection level so you could get to harder planets. Boss missions were handed out from a respawning NPC base which is beamable from your ship was added with additional quests. In 1.0, the complete backstory and lore was fleshed out and you get a single main quest-giver which lets you play out the ""plot"" involving some cataclysm and the various races. The protection gear is now craftable. NPC Villages also now give out quests which give you items as rewards and can reward crew members for your ships too.1.0 lags less than beta for me, on GTX 770 and i5-4690 with 8gb ram. In beta I had to restart the client every few hours due to memory leak which seems to be improving (1.0.2 update released today supposed to fix another leak).It's a great little game to get by on until No Man's Sky. The soundtrack by Curtis Schweizter is also very relaxing even out-of-game."
76561198043496873,Recommended,211820,32943252,Posted: 28 June,all,Akaia,Love the game and the music.
,Not Recommended,211820,14188534,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Celador,"Been sitting in my library for more than a year. I can't even remember when they updated it last time. They scaled back on their promises and removed the roadmap from their site, stopped communicating on steam and apparently only keep up ""nightly"" builds which are unstable and delete your progress. Its unclear whether this game is alive or not, its unclear whether they intend to keep their promises and keep supporting this game after release. There are rumours that main developers moved to a different country and different games and now the game is slowly being developed by a third party. Either way - this early access game is yet another bad example of how you shouldn't treat and communicate with players."
,Recommended,211820,10210483,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,KLUCK,If you like terraia buy this game! This game is terraria on a much larger scale. (universe scale) Many features. Lots of interaction. Though if you like boss battles in terraria there is only 4 batles in this. (so far) :|
,Not Recommended,211820,14222902,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Captain Bones,"I loved Terraria. I bought Starbound expecting something similar but better. Boy, was I wrong. This game has loads of promise to it. Exploring different planets, fighting different monsters, and much more. But in this stage in development, it's so hard and so boring that you should just wait until its finished."
76561198057566481,Not Recommended,211820,28440887,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Croak90,I was thinking about giving Starbound a positive review after seeing how much progress they'd made since release. Then they released the 1.2 update Thursday.Cue <10 fps for hordes of players when performance before the update was already a big (unaddressed) issue.On a ♥♥♥♥ing PIXEL ART game.
,Recommended,211820,13491723,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Gordam,"After the winter update, this feels much more like a complete game instead of a proof of concept."
,Recommended,211820,16999408,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,Jackamoo,"This game gets better every year! people say it never gets updated, well no it gets updated weekly and sometimes daily it's just those updates havn't been implamented, they get put into the game at a gigantic update at the end of the year. You just have to be patient with this game.My Ratings-Combat : 6 / 10 - Satisfying combat system and a vast amount of weapons which increase every updateExploration : 10 / 10 - I love exploring in this game because you always find something new! You get bored of one planet? travel to another, and that new planet will have differant plants, trees, colours, buildings etc...Building : 10 / 10 - you can always build somthing that looks good in this game because there is so much variety in building blocks. Theres also hundreds of decor objects. Oh and i forgot if you don't have the correct colour of block you can just wait until you unlock the paint gun, with this you can change any block into any colour you want.Lore/Roleplay : 8 / 10 - Very detailed lore and backstory. it is easy to immerse yourself into the universeMusic : 4 / 10 - Most of the tracks fit in very well with the universe, but i found some of the tracks were very depressive sounding and repeat thereselves alot( no dought they will add more in the future )."
,Recommended,211820,9254384,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Nomo,Please don't
76561198020425796,Recommended,211820,7988487,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Mr. Jules,Bye Terraria and hello Starbound!
,Recommended,211820,10374548,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Difficulty Tweak,"Coming back to starbound after two years and getting a massive new update is a MASSIVE breath of fresh air.I know i know, dev hell this and early access that, but the last time i played this was around the time Enraged Koala was still somewhat fresh and the nightlies were just starting.The game (as of Glad Giraffe) is ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic, probably moreso due to the fact that i havent played in ♥♥♥♥ing forever."
,Recommended,211820,8384830,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,α Baggottis,"This game is not finished. This game has saplings, with the description 'todo'. This game currently contains a fully functioning saxophone. This game is an investment."
,Recommended,211820,7929230,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,DaRkNeT,One Of The BEST INDIE Game.
76561198396306170,Recommended,211820,35242935,Posted: 27 September,all,Summer Rose,This game is very great BETTER THEN TERRARIAPlus it has Better MusicA WORKSHOPSo play the game one day!
76561198320804774,Not Recommended,211820,33575390,Posted: 15 July,all,Ravenblood,"i had alot of fun, UNTIL IT STARTED CRASHING EVERYTIME I TRIED TO LAUNCH THE GAME. For some weird reason, i can only play the unstable verison, and yes i followed every thing there was to try fix it, nothing worked. I cant even get a refund  cause i have too much hours on it."
,Recommended,211820,19593133,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Draskley,This game is great!
,Recommended,211820,19592203,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Cinipop,I've had this game for a while and let me tell you it has improved so incrediblythis was one of the games that i logged many of my early gaming hours on!
76561198161593954,Recommended,211820,26604712,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,ROTH,"A terraria more focused more on building than combat. But why would I want to build something in this game when it's 2d? I could use mincraft for building. In its current state it's simply a worse terraria. Not a bad game, but decent."
,Recommended,211820,8021297,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,air.locked,"Awesome game! If you like Terraria, Minecraft and other sandbox games.. If you are into Mario, etc. Then this is something you don't want to miss."
,Recommended,211820,8601576,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,The original slothy bastard,Sweet mother of space based exploration! I heard about this a few weeks ago from totalbiscuit and I had to check it out. I just got it today and I have already logged five whole hours. Me and three friends tackled a planet who's surface temperature dropped to the point it would actually KILL us. ontop of that pools of acid that do direct damage and poison you dot its surface. There is not a single tree in sight and the wildlife is way too hostile to even attempt coralling them for safety. But we manage to scrape together and build up a sizable fortress by beaming up and down from our ships. It combines magic with technology and brings every bit that made terraria great and took space exploration and fused the two. Please give it a try you wont regret it.
,Recommended,211820,16250038,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,"Wynnda, Miko of the Gusta","Terraria in space. A nice take on the terraria formula, as well as a massive modding community. That is to say, since terraria's had pretty massive updates like 1.2 and 1.2.1 and so forth, it's becoming superior again, hopefully starbound on release will have plenty more content."
76561197960343278,Not Recommended,211820,17574519,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,dahoon,"With the slow updates, I can't recommend it. Wait and see to after EA. Doubt it will change much though."
,Recommended,211820,24513375,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,>>Neko,"After so many years of development, it is finally worth the weight"
,Not Recommended,211820,7978756,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Easy-Oats,"Early access game with a release date of dec 4, 2013. This is totally a legit game and not a cashgrab indie poo."
76561198156227182,Recommended,211820,20565131,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,memes.com,good
,Recommended,211820,19768739,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Damian0gre,Best Building Theif Simulator on the market
76561198098109347,Recommended,211820,20418601,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Dopeboyfre5h,"This game has so much potential that it actually hurts to see that it isn't finshed yet.  From the way it sounds 1.0 should be coming this year and it really needs to hit within the first quarter, some poeple have been waiting far too long for it.  It's  been three years and counting and being a big ""Terraria"" fan I've heard about ""Terraria: Otherworld"" happening soon and it loks to be a lot like what we have here.  When it comes down to it I enjoy Starbound's mechanics far more than Terraria's.  I like the story it holds and Terraria lacks that sort of feel.  Entering the gate portal for the first time and seing the so to speak ""space heiroglyphs"" was what got me thinking there's so much more to this game than the 4-7 mission you can do dependent on whether or not you're willing to mod the game, whch by the way is easier to mod than about anything else I play.  While being a complex game, Starbound really is very simple.  Its not flashy and well its a platformer for god's sake, dont get in your head that it should be some crazy aweome looking 3-D spectacle.  If you want a game like that, that's even close to what this is, its coming out soon and its called ""No Man's Sky.""  In short this game should have been finshed long ago and had it been it would have succeeded far more than I predict it will once it's finished.  Nevertheless once it is done I suspect me and many others wont be able to set it down.  ""Starbound"" is an awesome game even in the state it is now, I'd recommend it to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,20425390,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Markel,"tl/dr: If you like building stuff you'll love the game. If you don't like starting over, wait until this is out of early access, since world/character wipes are a common thing.Longer Review:Pros:Starbound is incredibly fun, incredibly addictive, and even better with mods and friends. The 1200+ hours I've put into it speak volumes about the quality of the gaming experience you can get from this game.Cons:It's been early access for about two years now (it first was released on steam in December 2013). That said, the development has kind of been all over the place, at times there were massive gaps between stable updates (we're talking 6 month gaps) and the nightly builds aren't the best option for everyone due to the unstable nature of them.Additionally, stable updates often make many changes regarding worldgen and universe generation (since the game is procedural) and often times updating the game from one stable build to the next will corrupt your worlds and/or your characters. If you don't like having to start from scratch, you'd best wait for this to leave Early Access.Not to mention, with mods, an inevitable experience all modders/players who use mods will have is having all their mods no longer work when the game updates and either having to wait months for modders to update them or having to update them all yourself (if you mod the game)."
,Recommended,211820,19564664,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,CptConnor,"This game is one of a few that doesnt just focus on the crafting, but the endless exploration that is rare of most adventure/sandbox games.I've never played a game which makes me feels so much sorrow when exploring an unknown, distant, barren planet and finding nothing but ruins of a once thriving civilisation. Or the discovery of gnomes living under the surface of a harsh planet in their own little world. Its so awesome ^_^Highly recommend this game, if you love exploration, crafting, building, PvP and PvE then this is a must buy."
,Recommended,211820,19712457,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Skunk,This game is great BUT when you go online everyone cheats and uses this stupid thing to get what they want and break the game. Get rid of that and it would be better. :]
,Recommended,211820,19591354,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Mr. 3.1415926,"This is the best game ive played in AGES. Id reccomend buying it. It kept me busy for 85 hours so far and might hold me til 200 hours. id reccomend it because its wide variety of items, weapons, crafting recipies, and more. Its worth the $15.00Edit: It held me for the 200. time for 400."
,Recommended,211820,21378362,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kuro,"Many people will try and persuade you not to buy Starbound, them complaining that the developers are never going to finish the game because of whatever reason. What don't they realize? Games take a long time to develop! It was a bad move surely for the developers to have published the game on Steam so early on, but this was because they needed funding.The developers aren't some large company that can pitch out a game every year to make mad money, I'm looking at you Assassin's Creed and Call of Duty, no but instead a smaller company that doesn't have all the resources to pump out a large game in record time. Starbound is honestly a great game and it's a fun game to play, mainly with a group of friends, that has entertained me for many hours in the short time I've had it. There's plenty to explore with the random world generation, plenty to craft, plentry to build, and plenty to do with anything. Many people compare this game to Terraria, but it's not like Terraria unless you focus on a few key aspects. This game goes far beyond the repetition of Terraria where you do the same thing: mine, craft, kill, build. Extremely boring in my eyes, but no this game is more vast where you have quests that are worthwhile, planets that are worth exploration, and simply so much fun to do.What's the biggest part about this game that I love? We didn't have to wait a long time for this game to be published with all the content. Now many people will question why this is a good thing but hear me out! What's the number one thing that stops people from playing a game? Running out of things to do. Now if a game is permenantly having things being added to it this would solve that problem now wouldn't it? There are many games that I adore then stopped play, which I'll take Fallout 3 which on my PlayStation I use to play every day and all day. It was an amazing game that I didn't stop playing for a long time, but in the end I had stopped. Why? I ran out of things to do. Even with mods a game will get boring in the end, but if something is constantly being improved then we'll never run into this problem.Summary: Stop complaining about how this game will never be finished. If you want a game that will be finished quickly then go play Call of Duty where you can get a new one every year, then you should be happy. Starbound is an amazing game so just buy it and try it, it's a cheap game and if you don't like it there's always a refund."
,Recommended,211820,21182919,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kosmik,"So, Starbound. I've had it for a few years and it's been a good ride, excepting the long gaps between major updates. I feel that 1.0 however is a pretty solid game aside from some small complaints (which every single game in existence has anyways)Pros:- You can literally take laps around planets- Quests are no longer linear so you can be three main quests ahead with very weak gear- Save slots are restricted by character, not world. This is because the player can explore...- A procedurally generated universe- Servers are also ""infinite"" in size, permitting lifetimes of gameplay exploring brand-new planets- Unique diversity of species on different planets- A massive expanse of weapon types, each with different special abilities- Procedurally generated quests- Hire crewmen aboard your ship for things such as upgrading fuel capacity (currently mine is over 5000)- Party system allows players to beam to each others' ships and explore planets without having to enter the same galaxies as one another- ""Colony"" system, which is a great way to create NPC communities for quests and crewmen- The player is not restricted to being ""the good guy,"" but can rather go on their own path in the universe. This can be farming crops and selling them, bounty hunting, raiding planets, mining and selling materials...the list goes on, but those are some of the basicsCons:- Procedurally generated quests feel kind of grindy- Without the ""Enemies Aren't Dumb!"" steam workshop mod, NPCs do not protect themselves from hostile creatures- There isn't a difficulty that involves hunger but doesn't drop items on death. You're stuck between no hunger, or hunger & item drop."
,Recommended,211820,20480401,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,kkid fflow,"I've been skimming the reviews and seen a lot of hate for Chucklefish/this game in general over developer drama. A lot of people are passing judgement on this game based on the developer/the drama, and giving their two cents there. I'm here to say that, having ignored all of the drama and just played the game, it's a great time. This, in my opinion, even in an unfinished state, beats out many finished projects in terms of enjoyability and honest-to-goodness fun.I'm not trying to pass judgement on the people caught up in the drama, or say that they're right or wrong or anything like that; all I'm saying is that this is a truly fun game. It has character and charm, and makes me want to test it, explore it, think about it. It's a really good time.That, to me, is what gaming is all about."
76561198138834785,Recommended,211820,20673522,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Septab,"Ah, Starbound. Where do I begin?Although exposed to action games and platformers at a very young age, it didn't take me long to realize that the biggest appeal of gaming, to me, was the glorious escape it provided. Getting lost in vast, open worlds with the option to bypass conventional storylines and rules was always appealing to a derpy intellectual like me. Besides, I love old-school sci fi stuff, and the thrill of discovering new worlds. Starbound delivers this and so much more. Not only is exploration encouraged, it is mandatory---as you must amass different materials to achieve your ends. However, don't think that you're omnipotent once you've obtained the best gear. You'll still need to visit ""easy"" realms to get your iron and copper, for instance. Also, you have infinite galaxies at your disposal, with adventure at every turn and endless opportunities to find treasure, neat places and quirky items. The procedurally-generated planets keep it fresh and exciting, and the worlds, even if similar in theme/biome, remain alien and challenging.  And especially since the recent updates, the combat is addictive and fun! No, it's not gory or nuanced or adrenaline-soaked action, but it's perfect for Starbound. Personally, I'll never tire of blasting bizarre little monsters with a rocket launcher as big as my character.There are many other strong points for this promising title. Starbound also sports an adorable aesthetic, rife with simple detail. It fills me with warm nostalgia for Pokemon and other games I grew up with in the 90s. It blends unique humor with surprisingly deep lore and storylines, with elements of crafting, collecting, and building to keep sessions imaginative. Character creation is easy and fun. I want to make a character of every playable race, just to experience the game from different points of view. I understand that I'm a relative newcomer to Starbound, and others have become jaded after years of playing, but I am filled with nothing but enthusiasm and support for this wonderful gem. Thanks, Chucklefish! Can't wait for the release!"
76561198173104319,Recommended,211820,20705538,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Orange Peel Assassin,i noticed that the game has no steam achievements but it would be nice to have.(fixed) i do understand that it is still in beta throw so it might be in a future plan.(fixed)
,Recommended,211820,21296134,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,- Pitool -,"Starbound is one of those games that you cant really just write one review for. Starbound is a space sandbox survival game were you travel to other planets, mine for minerals, craft items, expore dungeons and do missions. the main thing about starbound is the fact that it is still in beta and, will get many more updates in the future, fixing bugs and adding brand new features. is best played with friends online as the game is more fun and easier that way.PROS:can be played on any PChas lots of items to collectloads of matiriels to build out ofeasily moddablegreate multiplayer serversCONS:setting your own multiplayer server can be difficultstarting out is rather boringmay have long loading times"
,Recommended,211820,20457617,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Tavudrums,"I have played most of the builds of this game, and have enjoyed every one.  Each new version has been streamlining the progression flow, and making it easier to know where to go next.  There are some things that still need work, but to me, the refinement is noticeable, and every character I make in each build has been enjoyable.I can't wait to see what they include into it next."
76561198165074289,Not Recommended,211820,22697065,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,KamekoEri,I love Starbound it's fun but trying to play with your friends is like impossible. I have done everything I could and followed the directions of how to play with others but they can't connect to me. I have trying so many videos and written instrustions and it seems like there is not a good and simple way because a lot requires downloading things that I don't need. What I would like to see most from this game is for them to fix the Mulitplayer. Why put it there if only you do all this complicated stuff that don't work when you tried it.If anyone could help me out or give advice would be great please
,Recommended,211820,22759689,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,Myeulnir,"Whether or not you should buy this game depends on whether you're patient enough. This game has lots of content, sufficient for a sandbox game, especially with exploration, building, you could do alot in this game.However, Starbound does not have a proper storyline and depth. as it is currently in the state of mindless fun exploration. The quests are so limited that you could complete them in 10 hours tops. Soon you'll get bored and you'll move on to discovering new dungeons, weapons etc.You're paying $15 (or $10 when its on discount) for a game that you can invest over a hundred hours in. Really, not many games can keep you interested for this long, even if its in beta phase, it has more content than most $15 games.The reviews are pretty harsh considering that those who thumbs down played approximately 150 hours, that's $1 for every 10 hours. You played for 150 hours and then complain about repetitiveness, really?Few things to consider:Firstly, the developers aren't very trustworthy considering they abandoned this game for a year but they have gotten back on development and are making EXTREMELY slow progressSecondly, If you're looking for a terraria clone, then this is definitely going to disappoint you because it is not a survival game. You mainly explore, hunt and kill.Thirdly, don't let ""beta"" be a reason for you to avoid this game, Starbound deserves to be reviewed as a complete game, but since the developers have so much more they want to implement, they placed it in beta and as such, steam reviewers have used this to criticise Starbound for the slow development. If they had put starbound out of beta, the reviews would be much more positive.5th May 2016 Edit:1. I would like to address that Starbound 1.0 is coming soon, which I suggest waiting until then before you get this game. The current optimisation of this game is poor, such that it results in low fps.2. What is with the people pooping on positive reviews? I've noticed that the people who are pooping on the game are the ones who are the crowdfunders/supporters from long ago who played the previous versions and are feeling nostalgic about previous features as well as angry at the developers for not fulfilling their promise.I'm not a new player (owned this game for 2 years) and I certainly don't give a crap what this game used to promise.Stop hating and show your support for the developers, you'll be missing out a whole lot. Don't believe me? Check out what's coming and see if it appeals to you.http://playstarbound.com/final-approach-to-1-0/"
76561198144480166,Recommended,211820,23304796,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Grzegorz Brzęczyszczykiewicz,great game fairly complicated its like terraria with a story and secondary abilitys on weapons also naturally spawning buildings
76561198020484953,Not Recommended,211820,24659289,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Demonsamura,"So i bought this game way back when it first went into early access and i now regret this purchase. The game really isnt that fun, the combat which is the main meat of the game is terrible. Its basicly a worse version of terraria. The game had a lot of promise so it sucks that its turned into a dud.After the 1.0 update the game is in a broken state for a lot of the people who bought it and chucklefish doesnt seem to care. Blaming their customers computers for the game not working when it was fine before the update.If you want to play a game like this i would suggest getting terraria instead."
76561198152928713,Recommended,211820,24688967,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Metalmaster97,"This game is great. Beautiful, fun and interesting. My only problems with this game is that the story is a bit short. Mining has been very ragey once they removed beaming up from underground. And lastly, weapon progression is a bit weird. BUT FOR THE PRICE THIS GAME IS REALLY WORTH IT."
,Recommended,211820,24754156,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,CenturionSpK,Nice game with nice pixel graphic)
,Recommended,211820,24490073,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sphoon,"Starbound is often compared to Terraria, and for obvious reasons. But I don't feel like just saying ""Worse then Terraria"" or ""Terraria in space"" can really do the game any justice. As of right now, 1.0 is really tearing the community apart, so mabye wait a tad bit till purchasing if buying with intent of playing on dedicated servers. Definetely a solid sandbox game that has withstood months in development.11/10 terraria in space"
,Recommended,211820,24491683,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Fornax,"Finally, after all these years, the full version is released.I absolutely love this game, every aspect of it is great, from the gameplay to its atmosphere, this game is fantastic.10/10 great game, nothing else to say."
,Recommended,211820,24523136,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,KillaFoxzilla,"Starbound is a game long in the making and from when I started playing it in 2013 to now, I have seen massive improvements. I didn't play much during the early access, but i did play enough to know the game still needed work. Since the 1.0 release i have spent about 36 hours playing in 2 days. I have completed what would be considered the end game content and I can say I am very satisfied. With the massive improvements the devs have made in the 1.0 update combat is much more interesting and balanced, the main quest is interesting and engaging and the randomly generated side quests keep things from becoming too static. The devs have also made it possible for a small group of people to connect to each other through steam without using a dedicated server. I really enjoy Starbound as it is now and Chucklefish has said they will continue to update the game, so I am eager to see what else they do. I easily rate this game a 9/10, as it does have a few little bugs but nothing game breaking."
76561198042424418,Recommended,211820,24529246,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nimble,"Im a space cowboy, nuff said."
76561198119656147,Recommended,211820,24530049,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Skeleton Penguin,It's like terraria in space. Whats not to love?
,Recommended,211820,24531374,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Pumpkin Spice Rumi,This game is worth playing now
76561198014170707,Recommended,211820,24565544,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,yung cieling fan,"This game definitely has it's flaws but it's still a ton of fun.Pros:-Amazing soundtrack-Great visuals and pretty environments-Fun weapons-Tons of content like items, furniture, blocks, etc.-Decent main storyline-Lots of crafting recipes and foods-Ship customization-Infinite universe-Diverse characters and racesCons:-Awful side quests (boring cookie cutter stuff like deliver things, escort person from a to b, etc.)-Making your own weapons is totally useless because you'll always find better stuff in dungeons and randomly generated chests-You'll find the same structures many times on different planets (this is tragic because it's one of Starbound's main features.  But there just isn't enough diversity and it gets pretty boring finding the same stuff halfway across the universe.)-The races aren't very much different anymore besides how they look.  Most race-specific weapons and such have been removed (I still don't understand why they did that).  You can still find some special outfits relating to the races but that's about it.  The gear has been watered down to be basically the same for all races.-There's no type of save feature unless you quit and rejoin the game, where you'll end up beamed back to your ship-Hunger is more of a chore with no stackable food items, and the other survival aspects like temperature and breathing have been entirely circumvented by lame backpacks you put on to heat or cool yourself and give yourself oxygen (lame)Overall as flawed as this game is, it can still be a ton of fun especially with a friend or two.  I'd think that the game would have worked out most problems with the official release but it's still feels like it's not all there which is a shame."
76561197989579424,Recommended,211820,24832494,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Erudite Incubus,"Charming, and has grown significantly since its Early Access days. An easy recommendation at its price for fans of builders, with a plethora of environs and tools to explore and utilize with smooth gameplay."
,Recommended,211820,24292857,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Kittenpoop,DO NOT dimiss this as a Terraria cloneThis is something different and is a really good game
,Recommended,211820,24537748,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MikilaaGaming,Its awesome! especially with the new update! Keep it up!
76561198057094823,Recommended,211820,24544779,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,ELDT,"Normally I don't really care for Steam reviews, as Steam in all its wisdom decided to have a recommended and non recommended button. No middle ground. I'm going to recommend it on the basis that all in all it is a fun game. However it's approximately four year long development cycle means that is has changed drastically from its alpha and beta stages. The thing I wanted most from Starbound was ability to explore a whole load of different worlds with cool tools and in the released version, I can do that. Many people criticize the changes from Alpha and Beta, such as the lack of certain bosses and other features such as mechs. I agree it sucks, but these bosses and features were eventually just rubbed out during the Alpha, mostly because they were incredibly easy to cheese. I believe that the game, at $15, is worth it overall, especially if you have friends to play it with. Just make sure you watch up to date videos on Starbound 1.0 before buying.As a side note though, the modding scene for Starbound is pretty active, so be sure to check out any mods you may or may not want."
,Recommended,211820,24628702,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Nikolai224,Excelent game! just finished the story and now i get to retire into my lovely house-tower as a space farmer.With a good ammount of pixels on my vault and crops for the hungry i can say... WORTH IT!The товарищи at ChuckleFish did great work... as simply as that.большое спасибо товарищи otlichnaya rabota.
76561198312709436,Recommended,211820,24659426,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,BrownEyedGirl81,Just buy it!!!!
,Recommended,211820,24736564,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,PrimeBot,"This game went through alot of bumps in early access, but it definitly came through in the end. All of my problems with the game were solved for the release. The progression is smooth, plenty of things to find on all sorts of different planets, different ways to play that suit all types of players, a fun story line that encourages exploration and travel, mostly all of the missions are pretty engaging and the ones that arent are just side quests. My only complaint is that Hyotles should be able to breathe under water :PEDIT: now that I played it more i have noticed that the game loop is kind of broken for the main storyline. It starts becoming, go scan things, do a dungeon, repeat. Which is pretty annoying. Also, there are three different final armor types but all of them are basically the same."
,Recommended,211820,24737305,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,nico,"Terraria whit more content. Highly recommended.(They should fix the lag problems in future, btw)."
76561198037248901,Recommended,211820,24828830,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Brick Wallbody,"I'm truly impressed with this game. It amazes me that nearly every time I play I see something new. I've had it for 3 years now but the early stages didn't grab me for some reason. There was more to the game yes, but now it feels more polished. I imagine there's still a bunch of new things to come since there was so much before. for $15, I'd say this game is worth it."
76561198112474916,Recommended,211820,24836999,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,The Legend of korry,Hey..that's pretty good ; )
,Recommended,211820,24564704,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,terrarialover5454,one of the best games i have ever played :)
,Recommended,211820,24571106,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SupaCURE,"Not sure what the hell everyone else is talking about. This 1.0 upgrade is absolutely fantastic. There are not only MORE features in the game (Why the hell do they think they would take out a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of features, that doesn't even make any sense) but there are also many improvements on old systems.A lot of issues with its release were the people who got overhyped, and had unrealistic expectations of the game. Luckily the game has delivered on most angles it has promised to deliver and stands out as one of the best games I have ever played.Basically, it's literally Terraria in space, with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of features and proper modding support.Artwork is beautiful, content is plentiful, planets are infinite, space ships are AWESOME, and not to mention that the combat system is very solid, with minor improvements it will be flawless.The game has a variety of weapons, characters, quests, and a somewhat ignorable campaign (while still being really good if you want to invest your time into it, but the game allows you to completely ignore that aspect if you so choose).Either way, don't listen to the haters. It's mostly an issue with old backers and overhype, and a frustration that the game came out way to many years after development / sales began (Early Access is a really bad model, I'm absolutely thrilled this game made it out of the hell)."
76561198075589494,Recommended,211820,24576036,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,GodzillaMonkey #MLG,"Starbound In Early Acess:Not So Great...Starbound Official Release:ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!Hear me outIn early access I only put three hours into the game, and I bought it at release.Now that the official release is out, and there is more content and more missions, I love the game.I have gone from three hours to fourteen hours in less than two days now!Listen, if you buy this expecting it to be terraria, its not, but it is definitely as good as terraria, maybe better, in my eyes.Do I recommend this game? Yes.But before you buy it, watch some videos about the game, MAKING SURE IT IS PAST EARLY ACCESS IN VERSION 1.0!Happy travels!"
,Recommended,211820,24604484,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,xo,"it may not be perfect.but it is really fun.I used to play it to explore back in beta. Then I was into combat. Then I built massive structures that dwarf the very planet they're built on. Now I can do all of those things, almost lag free in 1.0!"
76561198151536776,Recommended,211820,24630856,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kurochi,"Its a really fun and adventurous game, alot to explore and alot of swords, weapons and hats!!! :) definitly recommended!"
76561197971964488,Recommended,211820,24630919,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[HdF] Almut Grete,"Do not confuse this with Terraria.This is a sandbox game that also features a mini-story and repeatable random-quests, but the ""sense of adventure"" and ""goals"" like in Terraria do not exist.You need to make this your own game by exploring and building.Still very enjoyable!"
,Recommended,211820,24637753,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,BOT Spaghetti,Starbound is an incredibly fun game! I havn't had this much fun in years. It is such a breath of fresh air. Every world feels diverse and every weapon plays differently. I would advise you get this game.Pros:SO MUCH FUN!!! +3Very deataled and in depth +2Awesome Structures +2100's of memorable moments +2Cons:Somewhat tedius combat -1Overall review 8/10
,Recommended,211820,24637832,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Benanite,I recommend this game to those who like to explore and survive.This game has:BossesQuests (loads of it)Planets to exploreand more!This game is fun! I love it.
,Recommended,211820,24639254,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Neophron,"Definitely worth buying. The game has become so much more interesting over the years in beta. It's not 10/10, and it does not cure cancer, but I guarantee you'll spend 100+ hours in it.P.S. Starbound is an amazing RolePlay platform. If you are looking for a great game with a lot of sprites to Text-RP in, get Starbound right now."
76561198138241060,Recommended,211820,24683397,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,ValiantEffort,Starbound in a nutshell:Some old lady tells you to save the world whilst your busy trying to find furniture for your sweet house
,Recommended,211820,24685495,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gamer-Dude159,I just like the changes they have made to it ever since the very first release.
,Recommended,211820,24688768,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,UnidentifiablePie,this is simply amazing but could do with a creative mode:)
,Recommended,211820,24693782,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TraPing,probably the best music simulator i've ever played.
76561197983196977,Recommended,211820,24547540,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Authority,"I really like this game, and it was worth the wait and the price. It was very fun during the Early Access, and on release it has improved greatly. On sale or not, worth the buy."
76561198128834614,Recommended,211820,24547796,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,HI WOOWY,"Everything I say is based in my point of view, everyone is entilited to their own opinions and everyone varies in experiences of the game. This is my experience of the game. In my personal opinion, this is one of the best 2D games I have ever played in a LONG, LONG time. In 2 days time, it would have been a complete year since I bought this game and I wholeheartedly say, I love this game to bits.There are thousands of endless possibilities to do throughout the game with many exciting quests, equiment, dunegons and planets to explore and colonise, magnificent physics engine and lighting, and an absoloutley fantastic soundtrack to go with it! <3 I have had 37.9 hours of endless fun in 3 days.I may not be one to judge, but I believe the 1.0 update has been done for the greater good of Starbound. Everything Chucklefish has done is intended for the best and I agree with that. I state this with great confidence as when the game was early access, early access meant EARLY ACCESS! What people always forget is this means it is never the fully-fledged version of the game and is still in develepment. Most things they removed were most likely experimental things. Who knows? Maybe in a later update they might re-add some of the things they removed.I will admit, Starbound does have it's flaws, some of them are major, but doesn't every game? How do you think the greatest games of all time get to where they are? Through hours of development, strong teamwork and a loving community whom support them throughout the rough times.Instead of rambling on about everything Starbound has to offer, I will TRY to keep it nice and short for you guys:PROS:- A vast universe to explore.- Many dunegons and unique weapons to be forged or scavenged on planets down below.- Amazing soundtrack.- Create your very own town or village with colonies!- Words cannot describe how amazing this simple yet brilliant new story-line added in 1.0 is - I adore it.- Magnificent artwork and textures.- Your very own spaceship to expand and personalise to your desires.- Attractive agricultural system with many plants and animals to harvest.- Added cutscenes - Love it.- Many more I can't think off the top of my head right now ;3CONS:- Limited features in things to do - What I mean by this is, when you've completed the main story line, upgraded everything... What else is there to do? Once you've seen most things, that's it. Everything else is repeated. This game does have it's limits. However, this is what you all should expect from a game which has just been ""re-launched"" into release.- Repetitive enemies and dungeon - speaks for itself.- Story/Main quests not long enough - Now, now. I know this has been worked on for ages! However, that doesn't stop me to question, after the main story, it's all side-quests. There needs to be more worked on this!- Lack of exciting and tense moments - I feel this game has the unique potential to BE something greater! In the beginning, you are ecstatic with tense sensations and excitement. Afterwards, it's planet after planet until you reach the end of the main story-line where you are mentally attatched to the game (I'm not giving away any spoilers. It's too good for that). I would love to see some more moments like these, these two are the only ones I can think of unfortunatley.- Some boring side-quests (Most are to either give something to someone, or save someone)- Minor differences between races - only noticeable differences are ship architecture, skin texture changes, starter pet and race culture. There needs to be more behind it like special buffs or unique backgrounds. Maybe even a different ending to the story-line for each race.- Boss fights - I love the new addition of more bosses in the game, but... most are either too easy, too cliched, have obvious weakspots, not enough gameplay (most bosses last 2 minutes. I'd love to see extended phases or a choice to make it harder)- Novakid race seems a slight nuisance at the moment.This game sort of balances itself out between the good and the bad.Although the reason I rate it the way I did, is because I've had several experiences with universe sandbox games like these before, and this one tops it off as the best. Let me take Spore for example. This game stands as one of my favourite games to this day - with the exception of when you reach the space age... It is so incredibly dull. Everything is repeated. It is literally not worth it. You might as well stop before you get to the space age. These two games have very similar mechanics, although Starbound has more to offer on the plate which is why I adore the game. More can be said, but I feel as if this is dragging on a bit.OVERALL 9/10.What can make it that little 1/10 bit better? There needs to be more things to do after the story-line. I think I don't only speak for myself here when I say this, we want quality not quantity. The races need more depth to them, like backgrounds, different story-lines, different buffs, different cultured equipment and furniture. The planets are beautiful as they are, but what's to keep you from visiting a planet, mining and then leaving? Or coming there for a quest, then never go back there again?I believe the game has potential. I really do. It just needs the cement to hold those building blocks in place, you know? It needs the polish to the wood. The basics and many advanced things are there, they just need that little bit more ""umph"" to really raise the bar."
,Recommended,211820,24549193,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BloodsMists,Very fun and enjoyable.  8/10 would recommend. Just... don't hold off on making a farm. Gets real grindy otherwise.
,Not Recommended,211820,24586233,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,l'Original,"Old review deleted, as it was dealing with a lot of then-current events.That, and it was the Early Access version.Instead, I thought that I would write up something that encompasses a bit more of the whole of Starbound's development, now that Chucklefish have reached their ""1.0"" on a Friday and bailed from their community for the weekend.  Now the game doesn't even work for so many people to be able to witness where Chucklefish wasted time farting around until they acquired a Producer to do Tiy's job for him while he went off playing Publisher, while Starbound stewed around in dev hell.With all of that in mind - and the current state of the game resembling one of the cherished and muchly-touted Nightly Builds - I think I'll skip a thousand words and keep this refreshingly brief.TL;DR:http://i.imgur.com/zVcgZiq.png======Excellent, more in-depth reviews of many problems with old vs new Starbound features may be found here:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Grondus_the_mage/recommended/211820http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198026613053/recommended/211820/"
76561198157235895,Recommended,211820,24603827,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,The Taco Man,"In the realatively short amount of time I have been playing Starbound, it has become one of my favorite, if not, my favorite game in my Steam library. For a game to do that is very, very impressive.I noticed that a lot of people call this game a Terraria clone, but I don't get the point. It's like saying that TeamFortress 2 is a ripoff of Call of Duty because it came out afterwards and shares some aspects. Both Starbound and Terraria may be side-scrolling sandbox games that revolve around mining for the next armour tier to advance, but that doesn't make one a clone of the other.I also read a review somewhere that said Starbound's release trailer revealed too many of the new bossfights and events. To that I say: ""Terraria's 1.0, 1.1, and 1.3 trailers showed off almost all of the events that were new. The only one that didn't was the 1.1 trailer which didn't reveal a boss called The Twins.""(have you noticed yet that I'm going on a rant about people calling the game a Terraria clone?)Me and my friends had a great time with the game, and I highly reccomend you try it for yourself."
,Recommended,211820,24626342,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,joshmanisdabomb,"A bit of a slow start, and maybe you'll have the urge to install a mod to kill the floaty controls like I did, but it's a pretty good game once it picks up."
,Recommended,211820,24632137,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Catfan6,"This game has literally taken my opinion and turned it into a twister game of sorts. The first time I played this game, when it was still early access, I had some difficulty with certain things, none of which bug me now. Now, I play Starbound and I absolutely love everything. Some features found in mods I would LOVE to have in vanilla, but every game has its ups and downs. And another positive, They are updating the game even after initial release, kind of like Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,24582156,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Ryke,"All of the bad reviews on this do reflect something, and that is that the release version of the game cut out a bunch of content, apparently because they added dungeons to the main storyline, and some of that content would have made it too easy to bypass most of the obstacles in that dungeon, and also because some features seemed incomplete and they preferred to cut them out to make the game feel more polished rather than leave in some features that didn't seem quite done. And that's a shame. I really hope the devs will keep working on the game and reintroduce those features. And it's true that as far as dungeons are concerned, there are already ways to trivialize some of the puzzles and platforming elements.However, as someone who jumped into Starbound with 1.0, and could never really get into Minecraft and Terraria, I have to say Starbound 1.0 is absolutely a great game. Maybe because I didn't have all the expectations of many people who've backed the project from the beginning and saw a lot of promises remain unfulfilled, I just really enjoy this game. I certainly hope they add more to it and the cut content is restored or improved, but I honestly don't think all the negative reviews offer a very fair assessment of this game on its own merits. I feel like for the most part, the points the negative reviews raise apply to players who already owned the game before release, rather than to new players. Which doesn't mean those reviews are wrong, but I feel like reviews in general should be aimed at people who don't own the game and haven't played it yet.I hope the devs take the negative reviews into account and improve the game accordingly by restoring or adding content, but I also hope people looking at this game for the first time aren't going to look only at the negative reviews."
76561198072173854,Recommended,211820,24585766,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Bo Wyatt,You Know this game is good when the opening theme makes you tear up with joy.buy this game... NOW
,Recommended,211820,24631479,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Yuzu (X)-Ƶ-,BEST GAME EVER!!!Keep the good work guys.This game is just like terraria but better version.. :3The game is becoming better every month..
76561197984653814,Recommended,211820,24654621,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,♛Redline♛Struckneptune,10/10 This game is fantastic a great game to kill a few hundred hours.The storyline is great but where the game really  soars is exploring all of space.The diversity of all the planets and dungeons i outstanding and the story of all the races is amazing.So overall its a must buy game for people who love space or creativity
76561198052774256,Recommended,211820,24836907,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Lavar Ball,One of the best games ive ever played
76561198062165596,Recommended,211820,24839758,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Acid Arab,Literally No Man's Sky in 16bit.
76561198271981861,Recommended,211820,25199120,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Niglets in the hood,If Your mad because of lag issues i found a new secret.This works for any computer.So first go to uour steam librarythen right click itthen click run in x32 modeand it has no lag what so ever.I can play lag free with a very old computer.With like 1.6ghz lol
,Recommended,211820,24947516,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jyacofalltrades,"Talk about a ♥♥♥♥ing turnaround.Now if any of you read my first review for this game, you'd know that I hated it in the state it was in. The combat sucked, the quests and stuff were boring and you were basically forced to play the game in a certain way.But lo an behold, update 1.0. The day the universe stood still.The quests are diverse and permit you to fight mini bosses, explore different planets, and unlock various upgrades for yourself, your gear, and your ship. Combat has been improved with weapon variety that allows you to dual wield any one handed weapon or use two handed weapons that have secondary effects. From the classic sword and shield, to a gun/axe combo, to my personal favourite dual grenade launchers, you'll be experimenting with different weapons and combos until you find the style that suits you.Speaking of style, clothing is very customizable with tons of different pieces to find and match together. Sure, it may feel familiar to Terraria's customization, but it's a good system nonetheless.The new bosses they have are diverse, awesome, and complicated in their attack patterns, so you will need to use the tech and tech upgrades you get in order to avoid taking too much damage. I love fighting the bosses in this game. And the best part? You can revisit boss areas if you want to fight them again!The graphics...are the same as the beta. But they're still detailed and great to look at. The music fits the mood of whatever situation you're in, from exotic temples to peacul wilderness, to faulty mining systems on moons, and everything in between!It may have had a rough start, but Starbound has come full circle, and I can say that it is finally the Terraria competitor everyone wanted it to be.TL,DR : If you dont have this in your library, that's a problem.8/10"
76561198118007944,Recommended,211820,25019102,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Veriskem,"Liked terraria? Hate No Man's Sky but liked it's concept? Play Starbound!Compared to NMS it has:-a storyline!-lots of different biomes on planets!-a ♥♥♥♥♥on more features! (basically (almost) all minecraft features + the exploration part and the Quests)-multiplayer options (dedicated servers and general server hosting via 1-click)-basebuilding-colonization-MODS!-Different Races and an individual Ship for each-upgrades for your ship-a giant, explorable universe wich is NOT procedurally generated (If you revisit a planet after leaving it is the same planet and not a new one)-lots and lots of sidequests-basically the same NPC interaction besides quests and main NPCsand the best-It doesnt cost 60 F*ING BUCKS!Also if you dont care about NMS but just liked Terraria:It's basically the same but Space-themed :DIf you have any question about Starbound feel free to message me!In the meantime i'll build my entire, planetwide colony full of cool, programmable Stuff.On the other hand:If you don't like Terraria or generally need a mindboggling graphic then i have no idea why you're looking at this atm...Though IF you're thinking about getting Starbound cause you liked Terraria or you think: Hmm idc for the graphics but just for all the Features, then go ahead and just get it!Hope i could help anyone more concerned about getting it, the rest should be helped by just checking out how much this game is recommended :DHave a nice day :)"
76561198184381439,Recommended,211820,25199925,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,AngoDaMango101,"Absolutely worth buying, Great game, Endless hours of fun! It is like Terraria cross No mans sky!And pls to the makers of this game, Add a controller function for this game, would be really great!"
76561198027584869,Recommended,211820,12109759,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,-X-,"Oh most certainly, want a quick burst of RPG fun?I'd seriously recommend this to anyone new to RPG'S, especially seeing as it's based around Space!-XPLORE-"
,Not Recommended,211820,13275000,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,[Bong] Blast Tyrant,Really enjoyed it at the beginning until I realized the promises of future updates were misleading.  Situations like this are why I stay away from buying games in early development.  But I did play it a lot at the beginning and I enjoyed it.
76561198017081960,Not Recommended,211820,13311388,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Bread,"Edit: 01/29/15Although I didn't have time to try it out yet the trailer for the ""Winter Update"" looks promising. It mentions several of my issues with the game that appear to have been heavily changed from what it once was. In case a few or all of the issues I had with the game are now ""fixed"" consider the review below a relic from the past when it was indeed a lot less fun than it could've been.Before Starbound came out it was hyped as Terraria's spiritual successor.It isn't.Think of the things that made Terraria fun. They're pretty much all missing or done in a totally different (and, in my opinion, bad) way in Starbound. This wouldn't be a bad thing if they replaced it with original ideas and content of their own... but they didn't.There's also less purpose in everything. Building a base is utterly useless besides looks. Let that one sink in, especially if you know how important/convenient a good base was in Terraria.Buldinga base is useless because the ship not only hasenough space for your entire storagebut is also more convenient than having to warp to your ""home"" planet (with the warp point being non-changeable from its original position!) Also, there's no NPCs that you have to build a home for. There's no need to build any kind of farm either because the ""food meter"" is a joke because food costs close to nothing, can be stacked and you only need to eat like once every (real) hour. There's also no kind of ""alchemy"" so besides useless food you can't plant anything.The ""random"" aspects of the game were hyped all the way to eleven but in the end it's a dull experience.Planetsare hardly different from each other besides their visuals and the type of blocks they're made of. The shape of the surface is similiar, there's no reason at all to dig further than a few feet deep to get materials because the best materials can be found anywhere. Going underground is boring, doesn't yield better or more ressources and it always feels the same withabsolutely nothingto discover. Also, every planet of the same tier has the same ores. Talk about obsolete variety.Enemies, while randomized, all feel similiar: You have a nearly infinite amount of enemies that look different, behave only slightly different and can be fought in exactly the same way: With the help of the clunky combat system. Combat is nothing more than ""left-click to strike/shoot"". It feels unresponsive and is far from fluid, let alone balanced (one-shotting monsters way above your current equipment tier with an 8-second cooldown hammer... balance.)Bossesaren't anything revolutionary either but more importantly they're buggy and exploitable. The dragon boss misses his fire breath attack as long as you keep standing in the same place. Poke him with arrows for a few minutes to win. Other bosses can be exploited by building around them and then activating them or by standing behind a wall with a little hole to shoot through. Even when fighting them without using any ""trick"" there's hardly any strategy involved except ""keep hitting until it dies"".On a last note, just google how Chucklefish handles their customers nowadays to see that this isn't a poor but hard-working indie company trying its best but instead a bunch of people taking the money for their half-finished mess and then making a run for it.TL;DR:If you expected a Terraria 2.0, this isn't it. Wait for the real sequel that got announced recently.I can't recommend this game to anyone. It's incomplete, low on content and slow on development. Not to mention its developers started being the most rude and unlikeable beings right when game development became incredibly slow."
,Recommended,211820,13030360,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,player257,Play As A ADHD Novakidbecome plague doctorunderwater on a cold planetopen door: WATER PHYSICSget stuck in doorno escapeday 9999: still stuck in the doornote to players: doors are dangerous
,Not Recommended,211820,13786254,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Devastator,"A horrible parody to terrania/minecraft. Avoid at all costs.I was tracking developement progres of this game for a year, and being fed with promises from chucklefish i hoped they would make a candy out of an underdeveloped game...After a year from release they made it even worse. WORSE.Lots of boss fights were removed and crafting became more simple. Level design is mediocre, because  when you can just kill bosses from behind the door, what fun is it?Youd expect some battle crafting from such a game but noooo, nono here, you have a hundred recipes for cooking some useless cakes and beefs, but you can craft only 3 guns though the game, and same boring weapons at each level just from diferent material.It doesnt end here.EVen at the early stages player community has developed an awful amount of mods, teleportes, gun crafting, chainsaws, anything wou'd expect to BE in the game bundle. Year passed, and was anything from community added to the game? - NO, JUST NO.NOTHING FOR NOBODY. Why bother with you playes, just give money and get lost.Can we have bombs? no, just look at this useless gunpowder and eat your cake.All of the problems with gameplay and emergense are even worse than they were at the beginning.Developer promises to have a good release one day, but this is not going to happen.I wish steam would ban all those eary-access games, or enable refunds for mediocrity and irresponsibility of developers. Though it would not because it's profitable, and nobody cares about morals and game quality anymore.Dont let nice screenshots and trailers catch you, because this game is just a beautiful empty box. Dont waste your time.********Whining continues for if you have patience to read:You expect sandboxing approach with custom options but gameplay is so straightforward and devoid of any alternatives, like in FPS games, but wait, you cant shoot until its endgame! And when its endgame you will feel so so depressed because you have all the precious gear, and nobody to use it on - you dont need resources on the planets you could not visit earlier, there are no final bosses to beat with mighty sword.There were some cutscenes in the beginning of the game in original release. Gone! Looks like you dont need a story or background and more importantly - you dont need a goal, you are not even forced to survive, just stay on your ship in safety - you won by not playing it!More useles items,- by the end of the game you'll have piles of many different materials that have no game value and are just fillers for inventory slots.Promised ship upgrades? Well looks like im unfortunate to miss them, or more like they are simply not there yet, and what for, when you can fit everything on the small ship you have from start, yes thats how much you will have to play with. And cooking table will have most of all.Rocket fuel - you know it was fun to digging to the core for pieces of uranium to fuel your ship, and be able to move on. Now - just go to the moon and drain erchium liquid in seconds for lifetime supply of fuel, and forget it.You just feel so far away from world with all the processess being simplified, you cannot 'drown' in this game anymore. It just pushes you to the dry surface of casuality and despair. Chucklefish has lost its spikes, literally.I really regret that i have been such a fool and was bought with fancy graphics and music of this game, i wish i have never ever played it... the expirience of seeng potentially good game being destroyed and cut down, starbound gave me nothing but a glimpse of hope and then despair. Dont fall in the same trap, get minecraft(with yougcast mods) or terrania, the will live up to expectations and give you positive enjoyable experience."
76561198127444339,Recommended,211820,14269219,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Retarded-Fish,This game is amazing and it just got better. The winter update is awesome even though i have no  clue how to get those fuel crystals in the misson plz help lol
,Not Recommended,211820,13275387,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,La Croix (Coastal Elite Drank),An annoying rehashed version of terraria.
,Recommended,211820,14270764,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dykes are the best,This game is straight up fun
,Not Recommended,211820,14176048,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,The Dick Snatcher,Not much going on in this game. A lot of false promises and the dev team has issues. Might as well just get Terraria instead for more content and actual updates.
,Recommended,211820,24498995,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,𝓢𝓽𝓸𝓻𝓶𝓓𝓻𝓸𝓹  -Asleep,"Not going to wright a long review. but this game, I have been following this amaing game for years. It's worth every penny."
76561198063996808,Recommended,211820,8409355,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,skeletonboi,YES! YES! YES!
76561198080380077,Not Recommended,211820,19063831,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,mrbibs350,"I don't reccomend the game in it's current state.I tust the developer, and I truely belive that in a few months/years this game will be worth the money. But as it currently is, it just isn't worth it.I constantly hear this game being comapred to Terraria. I wish I had purchased that instead, because from what I can tell Starbound is what Terraria was two years ago, but set in space.There's about 10 hours of content in the game currently. A few missions, some equipment grinding, then nothing. You can explore planets, but there's little to no variation in them. Once you've seen one fire planet you've seen them all.If you enjoy building you can get another few hours of play out of it, but I find building annoying. I wanted an adventure/exploration game with the option of building, and this simple isn't that yet.But this is all academic, becuase the game is currently broken for me and a lot of people.Each update has chipped away at my FPS, to the point where I'm lucky to get 17 FPS, and I'm often down to 3 FPS. That's simply unplayable, it's like trying to play mario while blinking as fast as you can.Optimization is listed as a future priority, but not for several months at the earliest.Until then, Starbound will still remain unplayable for me."
,Recommended,211820,14269865,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sammyrism,"Starbound is honestly one of my top 10 games EVER. Maybe even top 5. I love the art style, I love how it plays, I love the huge map, the music. I pretty much love everything about it.There are only two things that I really dislike about the game. The first thing is that I could not find much at all to do after I got to the last sector and got the best armor. There was no real purpose to keep going. The second thing I dislike about it is that I have no motivation at all to continue mining downwards and settle on one single planet. I find myself going to one planet, scouting the surface of the whole planet, picking up whatever ores and materials I can find, and then when I've gone a lap around I have enough coal to continue exploring another planet. I have no clue how it would be done, but I'd love it if there was more motivation to stay on one planet instead of just cruising all over.That being said, I still love the game, and those two things are not going to make me stop playing it anytime soon.I would rate this game 9/10; it's not for everyone, of course, but for those who love these kinds of games, it's perfect!P.S. I have seen the new update, and it looks really really awesome. I can't wait to continue doing missions and exploring more!"
,Recommended,211820,8804050,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Prophecy,11/10 This game even only in beta with things not working and out of game is an OUTSTANDING game. I am starstruck about this game in one day i have almost 14 hours played!!!!! this game will cnotinue to update and so on GET IT NOW!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,8033786,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,KapiteinBoterham,"If you like RPG's, BUY ITIf you like minecraft, BUY ITIf you like terraria, BUY ITIf you like cod, PLEASE DON'TOverall a really good and addicting game...Just give it a shot"
,Recommended,211820,10016689,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Waveraid,Evil space penguins... nuff said...
,Recommended,211820,24768701,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Axon,"I love this game, it's been a masterpiece, but with that said i've had many problems with this game, First we'll talk about the pros:-$15-Casual, Survival, and Hardcore gamemodes-Lots of stuff to do, (seems to be never ending especially with the FrackinUniverse mod.)-Proceedural Worlds, and infinite expanding universe-tens of thousands of objects to build colonies, your ship, and your base with.-Great soundtrack-entertaining (no tedious things to do other than mining)-Workshop with hundreds of great mods that can fix the cons)Now the cons:-Characters are wiped every patch so you can't get attached to your character as much as you'd like to.-Since characters are wiped, a 100 hours of work can be deleted in the blink of an eye and it can be real frustrating.-Difficult start-unforgiving, (dying is just part of the game, but on the survival/hardcore gamemode, you will dropp all your stuff when you die.-Recovering your lost items is a real problem, near impossible.-Can be confusing at times (Quests, crafting)-Long crafting times-Unstable (adding mods can corrupt your save, or even the entire game.)All in all it's a great game but a lot of quirks need to be worked out and once they are, the game will be fantastic. It's still worth getting fo $15 despite all of the bugs and problems."
,Recommended,211820,7946098,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SharpTundra,Game is so good with an amazing soundtrack :D
,Not Recommended,211820,20169134,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,MISTER LISTER THE SISTER FISTER,"This game has been in early access for literally years, then microsoft announces it comes out for the xbone next year. The reason the game isn't finished yet is because they put making money well ahead of giving their customers what they promised.Game is unfinished, and feels like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ terraria knockoff."
,Recommended,211820,20612045,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,[insert clever name here],great game its still in early access but its come a long way
,Recommended,211820,24504128,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Jaden,this the kinda game you can play for like 500 hours
76561197980460095,Recommended,211820,24503971,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Serafiem,"Overall a wonderfully and beautifuly crafted 2D render open world, survival and crafting game. A Terraria without magic and just a realistic survial game both on plants and use of space ships which is awesome. In-depth crafting which is amazing as well as a deep and richly filled story! I never played from beta yet i heard it was empty, yet this game is now finished and its beatutiful! You can also party up with friends which is always a plus! Price for this game is hardly a hole in your wallet for all the content that is available in the game. Try it out you won't be dissatisfied, if not steam has its awesome refund option now but definitely check it out friends!"
76561198123728186,Recommended,211820,24504104,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Phoenix112233,Game is very relaxing and smoth never have I seen a game like this. it seems like the story never ends wich is worth more than 1000 hours of fun
76561198009407893,Recommended,211820,24538748,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,☆Jaxoo☆,"Best pixel-art 2d sandbox game evermade. 9,5/10 KICK♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,211820,16906651,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,MiniMoney INC,This game will neveerrrrr leaaavevveeee earrrrllllyyyyy accccceeeesssss
,Recommended,211820,9048468,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Emmanuel Macron,This game is just the perfect mix of Terraria and Minecraft.
,Not Recommended,211820,10089947,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,CLYDE FROG,"It only took one year to get an update.   At this rate, the game will enter beta stage sometime around 2018, and if we're lucky, the full game will be released before humans start looking to move to other planets in real life."
76561197993298525,Not Recommended,211820,32002567,Posted: 27 May,all,Tuck,"Tons of bugs and issues still. No fixes, and no customer support.Do not buy this game until it is complete."
,Recommended,211820,19837264,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,MobSpy,"AMAZING. Honestly this game is by FAR better than Terraria. Complex Mobs (in recent updates, some are sort of the same thing but different models), Weapons (Lots of different verieties of weapon dmg, common/legendary, some different weapon classes and amazing special abilities,) Multiplayer is amazing, The idea of being in a complex universe with tons of exotic armor and objects to find seems a bit more entertaining than Terraria, like Minecraft in space(Here come the Haters). Tech abilities and Mods are amazing, run well, and are something to keep the fun going.The only thing that I wish they had was more story/upgrades. Even though there are so many things to do, once you finish, you feel the desire for more. Going around and searching planets for loot is fun, but cant last forever.Make it so we have to grind out every damage all the way to 10k, and i will forever play until its complete10/10 Continues playing it"
,Not Recommended,211820,20259245,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kamil 'ring,"TL;DR - Buy Terraria insteadIt only takes 24 hours in-game to get highest tier armor and weapons, explore every type of solar system, planet, and dungeon. This game is just a level editor with almost nonexistant combat except for three weak bosses. After defeating all bosses, the game gives useless quests that would take hundreds of hours to find the items for. Game lags frequently and becomes unplayable sometimes despite it only being a pixel 2D game."
,Recommended,211820,18573591,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,THE BLACK MOON,shove the flower people up my♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,21489160,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,feathershit,"I don't think I've ever felt so beautifully heartfelt as I did when I discovered just how beautiful this game is.Infinite space exploration and the ability to go at your own pace meant I could relax to this game into the early hours of the morning. Plus, the soundtrack made every minute worth playing.I've hit the point where I've done most of the stuff so far, and I'm eagerly awaiting to see what happens when this game comes out of early access."
76561198077869373,Recommended,211820,24478782,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Helixicorn,starbound was a very fun game to play... it was a bit buggy at first (I got the game when it first released) but since then the game has been fine
76561198313595811,Recommended,211820,24481774,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,KyuAki,"Very good game!My only problem is a soon as i got the full release update, it won't open.I have reinstalled it COUNTLESS times, Installed the missing .dll files only to get another error screen which i deemed impossible to solve and tried launching from the raw .exe file.All of which failed. Please help.Thanks :D"
,Recommended,211820,24493166,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,peesh,"holy jesusso i saw that 1.0 was released, got a bit curious and playedlast time i played (before 1.0) was quite a while ago (i think agnry koala or somethin, dunno if thats long ago)but now, its bloody amazingive played like, 8 hours in 2 dayssend help"
76561198135178389,Recommended,211820,24495103,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nenock,"10/10.  Would Starbound again. The latest update was truly a killer. I thought it would just add maybe one or two need features. Maybe some new items and boy was I wrong. If you're looking for a game that will burn your time away, whilst allowing you the freedom of modding and customization for endless fun just like skyrim has, this game is for you. Also, I lied. It's not 10/10, it's one feature away from 10/10 (SOMEONE ADD A BARBER SHOP!)"
,Recommended,211820,24552089,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Murphy,"Just finished the game on Survival Mode. Came from Alpha, played a little of the beta, This was awesome. Congratulations, this may be one of my most favorite games of all time to have the pleasure of playing. It was a great story to get interested in, and now I have so much more exploring, building, and colonizing to do. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,24568026,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Menma,"I was wondering through the forest when I happend upon a settlement. I was passing through and found a few quests. I was waiting to turn one in.It was night, good music and the sound of rain on the forest's floor. When I closed my eyes, it almost felt real. If given the choice, this is a universe I would want to live in. I'm crazy, I know."
,Recommended,211820,24576008,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SammiBoiii,"tl;dr - Great game, needs some minor/major touchups but would recommend.Thought I'd write a review as I've come to see so many reviews on different games and maybe my thoughts & opinion can help someone decide to play or not to play this game. Okay straight off the bat, had a friend convince me to try this game; my initial thoughts of the game before purchasing was pretty straight forward; Hell no. But after some youtube videos and hard convincing I bought the game and probably a good thing I did.This game is very much like Terraria & Minecraft(Tekkit) and when I say very much like I mean has the same concept of Terraria in terms of 2D/combat/gearing but with a Tekkit feel of Sci-fi/customization.If I had to list a few PRO's/CON's of the game it'd be as given;Pro's;- Questing progression/gearing progression- Vast range of monsters/NPC's/races/weapons/armours- More planets with all dynamic features then your brain can imagine- 3 difficulty choices; allows people to be creative and not be worried over death or be on your tippytoes making sure every bullet counts as it's the matter of life&death.- Fast paced but also slow paced depending on your playstyle- Survival is implemented, constantly having to gather food and to be cautious of whether your food will spoil mid-way through your grinding for materials mission.- Low spec req- FPS is fairly decent, shouldn't experience much lag- Easy game to get into and out of without much computer strain, loads up quickly and exits quickly.Con's;- Quests are very faint; pretty much the exact same missions back to front.- Storyline is very short; if you know what you're doing and have played similar sandbox games; you could complete the storyline within a day give or take.- The RnG is a little out of wack when it comes to weapons; you could find a pretty over-powered weapon within the first 1-2 planets and that'll last you majority of the game.- Planets don't really have much consequence, I never really felt worried or cautious to goto a new planet even the more dangerous planets didn't have much fear factor in them; get an EPP suit which works with the planet you wish to visit and then it's basically like all the other planets just a different color.- Only 9 different skilling attributes, which you can only choose 3 at a time; with that said you also can upgrade your ManiGun to harvest more quickly but that's a given.- No leveling progression, Oh lord this is a big one for me; I love a game with a leveling system, within Starbound they have Techcards which are RnG based items which you can get from a quest, monster or a chest. These function as a skilling item allowing you to learn new skills to give yourself a minor benefit.- A little to easy to collect ores, started a new character and had farmed up majority of the core ores within the first hour; diamonds is the exception to the rule, diamonds aren't very frequent, but then again they aren't that useful either.<<For the DEVS>>Suggestions;- Include more storyline, like.. A LOT more story line; each race should have it's own major quests and not just one or two have a decent amount. Also add in a change of quests, discovering a race>>kill a boss is not enough variety.- Make a leveling system, remove the tech cards. Better yet merge the two together! receive a tech card upon leveling and remove them from the dropping system, wallah problem solved.- Continuing from the leveling system, make a skill tree of some sort which allows a player to put attribute points into Health/Energy/Hunger/Combat etc.- remake the planet system, when I say this I mean in terms of how difficult planets are and the diverisity of the planets!When I'm about to make my first mission to a frozen star/planet I want to be on the edge of my seat I want something that makes me want to be back on a gentle star/planets on the asap. Great idea which could help towards fixing this making it that your food becomes more quickly rotten on a hot planet or to hard to eat on a cold; make it that staying out in the open of a cold planet you'll begin to freeze and you'll need to make a base with a heating system; visversa for heated planets. Make the dangerous planets much harder and breathtaking but also wealthy beyond your dreams, make it so that taking the risk you'll reap rewards.- More strategic based gameplay, don't change how the games played but add more strategy to the planets/quests I want to have to use my brain aswell as my finger tips.- Your ship requires fuel to go from planet to planet; Yep that's fine you have that in good order, but why make it cost fuel to go from planet to planet but cost nothing to have a fully functioning base? If you build a base on a planet you should have to fuel the electricity; last time I checked electricity isn't free and having machinery that would normally require electricty run without a power source makes no sense. This suggestion would lead to so much more content which would add hours upon hours of game play.That's probably about it for suggestions, these are all personality opinion of course and don't really expect/care for people's replied thought's on my review. Thanks!"
,Recommended,211820,24579010,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zaccy,"Don't listen to the negative reviews that whine about cut content.It's true that a lot of content was cut throughout Starbound's development; major parts of the game were redone multiple times, especially during the early stages of beta. It's true that a lot of the old abilities were removed and replaced with modified versions of three basic abilities. It's true that the game isn't what it used to be.It's also true that a lot of content has been added, that the game has been refined and polished for 3 years, and that the devs have promised to'continue to update and support Starbound'for as long as they can.I've had this game since it first came to Early Access, and can honestly say it's more polished, more interesting, and more fun than ever."
,Recommended,211820,24869433,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,BluRetroid,What No Man's Sky should've been
,Recommended,211820,24875057,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Jack is Sexy,"10/10 would recomend, as long as you enjoy these types of games. Starbound is sadly often compared to terraria, which I have 250 hours on record, but in all honestly they are completely different games. Terraria has the fun of of epic fights and powerful weapons, while Starbound has the great RPG element and planet exploring systems in place. Starbound at quick glance has a clishe storyline, but in all truth the game wasn't made for the story. The boss fights are extremely fun, the item and buidling variety is incredible, the in game villages and dungeons are always amazing to loot and explore, whilst being easy to find.The hunting down of clues inbetween boss fights can feel repitiive, but in reality the game is making you explore the vast unierse of planets and star systems, and with each boss fight your horizons expand and you can hunt for more new dungeons on more dangerous planets. This is not the game you are meant to rush through, trying to get the next armor set and defeat the next boss. It was far more fun for me to take my time digging into the story, and the culture of every race. Expand my own ship, ste up farms and colonies on my favorite types of planets, build space stations in aestroid belts, rather than just complete the main storyline quest. The game is miles deep, always suprising me with something new and amazing to do within its large boundaries.Overall, Starbound is the only survival game to truly put you into an open unievsre with fun and exciting quests, unique lore and gripping lore, and a sandbox of building and mining."
,Recommended,211820,24884760,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Deathsper,"The other reviewers here need to cheer the heck up and stop complaining so much. They're suffering from No Man's Sky syndrome, having far too high hopes for a game that, while not meeting their every expectation, isn'tbad.If you want to enjoy this game, you need to realize that it's very, very different from its Early Access. I bought Starbound after its full release. I definitely will say it has problems, and its fair few of them, but I also think people are being a bit hard for a game I've really, really enjoyed for the 100 hours I've played of it so far.PROSSoundtrack - Starbound sounds awesome. The music is all wonderfully done and fantastic to listen to.Aesthetic - Starbound looks fantastic. The pixel look has been done and done again, but Starbound really does a fantastic job and is very nice to look at.Concept - Similar to the catastrophic failure that was No Man's Sky, Starbound has you choosing one of seven races to explore procedurally-generated planets to hunt for materials and supplies to further upgrade your equipment and spaceship. There's five star system types, each with its own different planet types, each with their own ores, flora, fauna, hazards, terrain, and indigenous people.Content - While Starbound isn't the content god Terraria is, I found it far more likable, as the content isn't overwhelming, but still plentiful. There's lots to find and lots to do. Gather a crew and upgrade your ship, explore foreign planets, or build a colony and bring in tenants.Multiplayer - While a bit rocky and slightly confusing in the way it works, Starbound is a game that's best alone or with a couple of friends.Longevity - Starbound will last you a while. Not forever, but you'll stay entertained for a good 60 hours or so with the vanilla.Modding Capability - Starbound has a whole slew of mods to mess with, and the Steam Workshop integration makes that all the easier. This will add hours upon hours to the longevity and replay value of the game with more worlds, more races, more weapons, more vehicles, everything.CONSControls - A bit flowy. It's quite easy to get used to, but they don't seem as tight as they are in other games.Performance - Starbound isn't optimized very well. It isn't very hard to get it up and running, and it runs fairly well on my low-spec PC, but frame drops are not uncommon, especially when it rains or the backgrounds have a lot of parallax, or both. The fullscreen, in my experience, also does not work poperly.Lackluster Options - Starbound has jack squat in the options department. Video settings, audio settings, all that stuff is necessary yet absent, especially the former.Story - The optional main story and the quests involved suck. That's all there is to that. Boss fights are okay but their arenas are too cramped.Slow Start - An epidemic in video games, Starbound requires you to follow the main story until you can repair your ship, during which your supplies can only come from one planet until you can repair the ship to travel to other planets and star systems.Unenjoyable Radiant Quests- They're all terrible and need work. The radiant quest system, like Skyrim's, means random NPC settlers you find in your travels can offer you quests for loot bags with varied goodies. It sounds fine, except they're all a variation of fetch questing. The only things you do are: Go find a person and bring them back, bring someone to pick up an order from a merchant, craft something, farm something, delivery guy quests, go there kill this guy, go there save this hostage, etc. The big downside is that without mods, these are necessary to get crew members, which are necessary to upgrade your ship.As Starbound is still in development, hopefully these issues will be addressed.If you can find the fun in it and are willing to give it a try,Poor Man's SkyStarbound is definitely something I recommend."
76561198139791043,Recommended,211820,24943278,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ClawShard,"I love this game alot but there are plenty of things that need to be fixed. I find an issue that I keep having clones spawn of my crew members appear on my ship or when I beam down, I thought that a mod was triggering my crew members to multiply but turns out it was this game on it's own without the mod.Sometimes when I'm catching a Fennix or something, the monster isn't captured, it despawns and I'm left with a empty capture pod.Me and my friend love to play together but he plays on a PC and I play on a Mac, if I join him sometimes I can't interact with anything and if he joins me he either can't even join for one second or will have issues getting around.My audio will every now and then will be buggy and it's annoying sometimes when I'm trying to play some songs or if my friend is playing songs with me, either if he is playing a song alone or with me sometimes I will hear the song or only see him play but I won't hear a thing from him.I love the Avian race alot mostly because I love animals but their locations do not make any sense at all, I would find them  about 65% of the time on cold planets and not really in jungles. The Avians' idea on where they put items is mostly the smartist thing ever when you're fighting some in their temples, mainly because you don't have to quickly grab books, weapons or other items from a chest while you're under attack.I love this game over all of the random, annoying, odd and weird things in it. This game still needs work to be fixed and I hope that it will get better soon."
76561198096090777,Recommended,211820,24943582,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,zigurat,"No Man's Sky before No Man's Sky.But really though, you should buy this game."
76561198137336594,Recommended,211820,25034115,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Wolfen,A beautifully crafted game and a greate spin on an RPG game! You don't need to be a gamer to enjoy this game!
76561198121220157,Recommended,211820,25316041,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,ndouglas65,"This game is very easy to immerse yourself in: if you like playing sandbox games where you can build whatever you want, this is the game for you. The crafting system keeps you interested as the game progresses, and it'll keep you interested as it randomly generates quests from NPCs for you while you're playing as well."
76561198260475143,Recommended,211820,25360353,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,JAGGOMARS,i love this game. it is one of the best games that ive played.
76561198093170399,Recommended,211820,25360857,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,carlossey,"Happy with the game. The colony system is fun, and I like using the large amount of buidling resources to make things. If I could suggest anything though, I would say improve the bosses and add more, and also, more outpost quests would be nice. But it is a fun game and I consider it worth the buy."
,Recommended,211820,25361959,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,fuck,A good game that is well worth the cost.
76561198190048501,Recommended,211820,25411226,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Jordan,Great game with massive openness and  nothing's quite repetitive
,Recommended,211820,25413781,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Alfoa_27,"One of my favourite 2d survival games, very good mechanics, good graphics, cool Story...But in my point of view I find a lack of missions. The principal story is very nice but it's too short. This game would be 10/10 if it was longer.Despite that fact, I love this game and of course I recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,25764004,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,SuperPieGs,"This game is very similar to Terraria with the difference that the gameplay feels shorter, yes, the aspect of almost if not endless exploring of the galaxy is a big plus but it does get boring pretty quick. Terraria started to feel boring after 100 hours to me while I was semi done with starbound with like 60 hours, there could be more content put into the main story but all in all 60 hours seem worth the price of the game so I am happy with that.BIGEST NO GO with this game tho is the very, very poor optimization..like you would think every pc should handle a game like this but this game really did sometimes leave me thinking..am I playing a 2d game here or a ultra modded skyrim with 50k textures..like seriously that gotta be fixed.Game worth buying tho :P"
,Recommended,211820,25801381,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,GoldenGamre,"This game has a greate story, fun gameplay and is basicly awesome no-mans sky. 5/7."
76561198039004214,Recommended,211820,26269494,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Fluggsy,"Starbound is gameplay and graphics wise inspired by Terraria however instead of being a fantasy, steampunk ish mashup like Terraria, this game takes on Sci-Fi with 6 races that unite in the name of peace, however during one of the speeches something goes wrong and earth gets destroyed and consumed by Ruin. So that's the story out of my way but how does Starbound play? What's the gameplay like? Well as i already said after choosing one of the 6 races which have different ships and race specific armors, after the cutscene and a little bit of a tutorial you start to notice that the gameplay isnt that much different from Terraria... which isnt a bad thing if youre a Terraria fan, but this game does a lot of things in a different way, here you have journeys from solar system to solar system, there may be less bosses but their more different from eachother and the game is more about exploration than. If youre a bit bored of Terraria then please buy this game. It may not have as much content but it sure is a great Sci-Fi journey."
,Not Recommended,211820,26364790,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,YBAlam,"This Game Isnt Even A Sandbox Anymore, What Has Become Awesome Potential In Early Access Has Now Become A Crappy Forced, Over-Complicated And Cheesy Story, Seriously, What The ♥♥♥♥, Chuckle Fish"
,Recommended,211820,26511329,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Vamisto ☭,"This game is amazing. Maybe I just really like space games, but hot damn. this game is everything I could ask for in a space game. Though the story is repetitive, and no space battles, the game is truly amazing. Only huge problem I have is the speed of the game. I don't have a godly computer, but it's not a DELL laptop either. It's like a interactive slideshow. Cannot wait until the game comes out for xbox one!"
,Recommended,211820,26641656,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,THOT EXTERMINATOR,Purchase immediately.
,Recommended,211820,26690904,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Bustanut69,Pretty dope game.
76561198124471291,Recommended,211820,26721002,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Fluzzball,"I really enjoy this game! It's soundtrack is gorgeous and compelling and the gameplay is enchanting. With the 1.1  update this game has become golden! There is so much to do and explore I love it!If you're a fan of tererria, minecraft or even spore I highly reccomend this game!"
76561198070123026,Not Recommended,211820,28020372,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Spidegal,I gave this game a try. I really wanted to like it but in terms of bringing entertainment it falls short. It has too steep a learning curve and it detracts from becoming engaged. I ended returning the game because I knew I wouldnt bother with it and it would end up as one of the games just sitting in my library.
76561198125499035,Not Recommended,211820,28088118,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,ESKEL3T0,"Bought the game on Cyber Monday sale, haven't been able to play it properly, cause of the lag the game caused. I'm another victim of this game that hasn't been properly optimized. It sucks. So watch out if you buy it."
,Not Recommended,211820,28102676,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,8dBagel,"One problem after another.When I first got this game during the summer of 2016, I tried to play, but couldn't because of unbearable lag and horrific fps.A few months later, after I got myself a new pc I bought it once again only to discover a whole new pile of issues just waiting for me. The first one involves the game not working whenever I try to set it to my native resolution (1080p). Whenever I would change it, the UI would simply just disappear off-screen and the game would later crash. After fixing it, the game worked normally, UNTIL I started to actually play it. Once I started moving around, I immediatly noticed some of the worst screen tearing i'd seen in my entire life. There was literally a diagonal line going from the top left of my screen to the bottom right. Googling hasn't yealded any solutions thus far, and I just have to say that this is really dissapointing. I've never encountered so many issues with a game before, and I'm questioning how they haven't been fixed yet. Seriously, fix your ♥♥♥♥ing game, Chucklefish"
,Not Recommended,211820,28278734,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Piscera,"after playing this game for many hours and at last having a colony that was growing - I lost my home planet and all my collections of fossils, bugs and clothing - plus many hours of collected materials. This game is both fun and addictive but bugs are causing it to be unplayable - it also seems that the developers are not taking any interest in problems. Players beware before taking on this game. :("
76561198043163591,Recommended,211820,28423968,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Koalani,"OFFICIAL RELEASE REVIEWSummaryStarbound is really what the title says it is. Sooner or later, you and your crew, are gonna find this special procedurally generated planet and you are going to be bound with its characteristics. You will want to explore it, find a suitable spot to construct your base, and maybe build a home or two for citizens to come in. Soon, your lust for the unknown will push you to discover new star systems and planets, discover new trees, catch new monsters. The journey won't be that easy, as dangers linger such as brutally cold or enormously hot atmospheres and more. Not to mentionthe Ruinsthat you have to find and defeat which is essentially the main storyline that you now have to accomplish. If you have a friend, then the co-op experience doubles the joy the game has to offer. There are a lot of other things to do and concentrate yourself on while you prepare for the next step ahead in the story, like upgrading your armor which is pretty much mandatory if you don't wanna end in a grave on an alien planet's surface (or cave), or installing new technology at your base, decorating the rooms, collecting tree saplings, fishing, hunting. catching bugs, doing farms or maybe being an archaeologist and hey, making a prehistoric museum (yes that's possible too).ProsOverally the game is a success.I haven't encountered any bugs so far and the game runs great.There is now a nice storyline to follow.Lots of side activities.Side quests.Great co-op.ConsNothing special.RecommendationsInstead of cold and hot planets, i would rather prefer a more complex and diverse mechanic featuring real temperature.I would prefer food products to be stacked, although there is now a mod for it."
,Recommended,211820,29766225,Posted: 7 February,all,The Glitchy Dragoon,"Really great game, think No Mans Sky, but more stuff to do and even multiplayer!"
76561198041675337,Recommended,211820,29766664,Posted: 7 February,all,RedShadow88,"Be in a world of possibilities. Or in another world with more possibilities... or in another... and another... and another... and another... and another... with many many things to do... ok you can do anything.All that ""no man sky"" was not/10"
,Recommended,211820,29768819,Posted: 7 February,all,gabrielmce,This is a really good and fun game but i think it could be longer.I really like the steam workshop for this game and that makes the game more fun.
76561198141958308,Not Recommended,211820,29883569,Posted: 12 February,all,DAOG,fix mods on 1.3
76561198271659270,Recommended,211820,30023487,Posted: 18 February,all,wentxo,"SIMPLE REVIEWThis could be like a second home.If you like pixel art, endless worlds (A bit repetitive), universe and space stuff, crafting and discovering. BUY.I'm really enjoying this game and randomly jump into this universe once in a while to get distracted from the real one, that sometimes sucks.I just don't see an end for it. :)"
,Recommended,211820,30088883,Posted: 21 February,all,トゴスミ,i love this game its so beautiful
76561198057163579,Recommended,211820,30093154,Posted: 21 February,all,WantsToDie,"I absolutely adore this game, but don't take that the wrong way- this is one that definitly has it's flaws. However, I find that with an open mind and maybe even a friend or two, this game can be great fun.TL:DR It's good but has many flaws.The Good:The first few hours of this game. While the story is generic, it still provided a nice little kickstart rather than the ""thrown into the water"" vibe you got before any sort of story existed. The first two missions also are very satisfying, and kept me invested. Another great thing is that beside the first mission, the story can be ignored entirely. In fact, on my second run of the game, I ended up with endgame gear for the third mission. The modding community for this game is also great. So much can be added, from new race types, to new biomes and backgrounds, even to new locations. The modded possibilties are endless. Finally, the basebuilding. Sure, you can hoard everything on your ship, but as soon as I found the right materials, building a base was one of my biggest enjoyments.The Bad:This game can get VERY repetitive, especially towards the later dungeons. It will start feeling like your doing the same thing over and over again, which in a way, you are. Biomes can also start feeling the same, with many snow and forest planets feeling copy pasted. Mining can also get repetitive. the combat also can feel very weak, and sometimes it feels like going ranged is the only way to fight with any sort of fun coming your way. Combat lacks variety, with every weapon practically behaving the same way. Enemies also lack variety, pretty much all behaving ""hit him and damage him"". (Seriously, I could have sworn enemies had special attacks in previous updates.)In Conclusion,This game has it's flaws. But if you manage to solve or push aside the flaws, you should be able to enjoy the experience that is Starbound."
76561198050221551,Not Recommended,211820,32467472,Posted: 16 June,all,Madjick,"I tried to like this game so hard. i found the story of being a protector, lacking. for being a space game there are a lot of melee weapons. with so much mining and controls that feel like jello.EditAfter playing the game some more i can't recommend this game or not recommend this game. this game is a weird middle ground for me. this game has things i love and things i hate but brings alot of new things to the table. i with there was a button that is in the middle of recommending it and not recommending it"
76561198127561467,Not Recommended,211820,32498047,Posted: 17 June,all,Freddy Fingeroni,"Played it a long time ago, had fun and got pretty far.Tried to play it tonight, constant black bars flashing on the bottom of the screen while in any kind of fullscreen and a glitch that teleports me back to my ship about 30 seconds after beaming down.none of my issues were fixed by any of the troubleshooting tips i've seen in forums.was good but is now literally unplayable"
,Recommended,211820,32625493,Posted: 21 June,all,TheWofly,Jogo mt bom recomendo para todos que sao fao de 2d pixel
,Recommended,211820,32636812,Posted: 22 June,all,✪Shoxie✪,Awsome! 11/10
76561198055685264,Recommended,211820,32833899,Posted: 26 June,all,Meaty Jesus,"I know it's probably better that people stop comparing Starbound to No Man's Sky at this point, but I can't stop thinking about something. I realize now that I bought No Man's Sky under the pretense that it would be like this game but with 3D visuals and gameplay.What I was forgetting at the time was that this game is already amazing and there is absolutely no need to own another Space-Exploration/Survival game if you already have Starbound.I have been playing this game since its early-access alpha days. The game seemed like it was getting worse as it went through its Beta phase, but now it is getting better and better. There is a vast sense of exploration for new players, and even at over 200 hours I am still pleasantly surprised by discoveries, whether it's a new type of village or a really unique and interesting weapon. The part that makes this game even better is the multiplayer. You can play with friends online and you are also given the chance to meet other players in one centralized hub-like area if you are on a public server. Whether you are mining for resources, raiding a hostile dungeon, or playing some dope tunes on your musical instruments, the multiplayer aspect of this game amplifies the enjoyment exponentially.Also the new mechs they added are pretty cool.Like Space Exploration? Like Survival? You okay with 2D sidescrolling gameplay (similar to Terraria)? Want to play it with friends?Get Starbound."
76561198196330483,Recommended,211820,32853003,Posted: 27 June,all,ZYNX,amazing this is extremely better than no man sky
,Recommended,211820,32964164,Posted: 28 June,all,Forgotten_Hunter,Really grate game
,Recommended,211820,33125269,Posted: 2 July,all,WAITING ON GPU,"I got to dress up as a llama, best game EU!"
,Recommended,211820,33234823,Posted: 4 July,all,siNN,"i played this game with my boyfriend and i loved it, we never finished the storyline but its a great game and super romantic, he was killing stuff and i was farming food, best part was when we digged down and didnt know its the end of the world and he fell into lava and we tried to get his items back by dropping sand into the lava and the coordination was a long road and it took us around 1,5hours but hey we did have fun and it was very intense, we got closer with this game and now we are going to marry in reallife so thanks starbound for creating a family10 / 10 would find instruments and play ""Three Days Grace - Animal I have become"" on the skeleton-xylophon all day everyday"
76561198129770608,Recommended,211820,33308880,Posted: 6 July,all,Skutlon000,If you liked Terraria you're definitely going to like Starbound. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,33475644,Posted: 12 July,all,Sunzo,"An incredibly well made and fun Terraria Like in space.Charming style and looks great.The only downside is when originally playing through it with friends, it was rather light on content in comparison to Terraria.Hopefully Chucklefish continue to support Terraria with additional content in the same vein as Re:Logic.For me, this was the game that put Chucklefish on my map, now their a developer I respect and genuinely get excited when I see their name attached to something."
76561198274759411,Recommended,211820,33577332,Posted: 15 July,all,MrMoneyBagz,"Let me say before anything this game is amazing! There is however some cons to the pros. The game’s sounds and everything is great, for example the sound of the sand storm sounds so real it’s cool to just sit there and listen to it. I played the game a lot with some friends and had a great time. This game could use some work i feel that people say that this game is better than terraria but i am not sure. The actual gameplay is better but in starbound you run out of things to do faster than you do than in terraria wich that is why i have some suggestions. I think it would be really cool and i'm sure others would agree if you were able to give your crew members armor and weapons that would make them so much more useful and even if u make it to were u can only have 1 person with u at a time that would be so much better than having those 2 week people with you. Having a teammate with the gear you gave them would be much better it would be like having a hole nother person with you. Also i think it would be so cool if u could find enemy ships that you could fix up for a lot of money and have a second ship and maby there cn be a new crew type that can fly a second ship and follow the main ship wherever it goes and if u could find groups of enemy ships to attack in your ships i mean those guns on your ships are just for decoration i think they should be useful idk just some ideas."
76561198170836449,Recommended,211820,34798527,Posted: 7 September,all,Flarg_8,Love it.
,Recommended,211820,14399199,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Grymm,Great game they are always improving and me and my friends spend hours playing! I never really would look at side scrolling games and really like them but this game sucked me in and i have loved it ever since.
,Not Recommended,211820,16483588,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,GandinkTheEmboar,"5/10.Pros;*Fun game, somewhat like Terraria*Easy to learn*Large variety of things to do*Space travel mechanic is very nice*More than one classCons;*A bit too much like Terraria*Boss fights are a bit difficult for casual players (The boss of the mission ""Mechanical Testing"" can one hit KO a player wearing the recommended armor, same goes for all except the boss from the mission ""Dreadwing"", though Dreadwing is a very difficult boss)*Bosses can move much faster than the player (Like he boss from ""Mechanical Problems"" and Dreadwing)*Planets range in difficulty depending on what star they orbit, meaning you may have to travel far out of your way in order to find the planet difficulty you need.*Some ores only appear on planets that are a certain difficulty, making some ores difficult to get, considering you have monsters that can kill you in two hits on some planets.*The game starts off slow and easy, but the instant you're able to travel to different star systems, the difficulty explodes to a much higher levelAt the moment in time, I somewhat regret spending my money on this, even if it was a discounted $10. It is only in the beta so I doubt that the difficulty will stay this high, but, I just can't recommend it until this insane difficulty spike is fixed."
,Recommended,211820,24493570,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,mmm delicious smores,terraria with space
76561198108948721,Recommended,211820,24639710,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,[Baka]Pug,im addicted now
,Recommended,211820,24737028,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Clarin Krystal,"I've played this game since before it came out fully.  I love love it.To describe it someone easily is take Minecraft, no it's nothing like it but take the building and surviving concept from it, make it 2D, and add unlimited planets.  It's cuter that Minecraft.  It can lag a bit when playing with others but don't let that deter you.  I have my own server with a family member and I couldn't be happier.~Near unlimited worlds to explore~7 different races both male/female~Building~Looks of your character can be customized~Get your own ship~Storyline~Enemies and Bosses to fight~Can mine all the way down to a planets core if you want~Plants circle round and aren't just flatI'll add more if I can think of anything else."
76561198323361722,Recommended,211820,24943034,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,TACHANKA,"So Far I Like The Game, I Have Only Played 10 hours But I Keep Finding New Things To Do . I'll Add More Info At 50 Hours ."
,Not Recommended,211820,25048320,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,X Ocelot,"So, there's a point in all facets of a game's life, where you've played it enough to think you can recommend it, or not, or at least believe you have an 'accurate' idea of the game to properly speak on it. I have reached that point.I do not recommend Starbound.My reasoning can be drawn out for a number of paragraphs, I could also use number from players and whatnot. I could use a lot of things. Firstly, the game has changed immensely over the course of it's development. Some good, some bad. I have varying opinions, myself, but generally the game has been progressive, at the very least.Until, features started to be removed. Temperature and oxygen mechanics, promised to come back! They did, in the form of suits that made both absolutely trivial-- until that was removed too! In favor of a backpack that felt incomplete, being a cumulative upgrade system that.. still made all manner of hazards absolutely trivial. See, Starbound suffers from this problem where the game becames less and less interesting, and more and more boring the farther you go. Enemies become weaker. Your weapons acquire all these features that make combat a somewhat waste of time. The scaling of the game on missions is not bad, but it's punishing. Controls are as clunky as they were in beta, for some reason, which makes mission instances somewhat difficult if you lack rapid responses.Speaking of missions, instanced missions disable all forms of sandbox mechanics. You have no building, whatsoever. You lose all ability to interact with your environment, constrained to the dungeon. For some, this is a great change of pace, for others, it's a deviation that seems unncessary for a game sold on being a sandbox.Speaking of sandbox, let me make this clear: This game isn't much more of a sandbox than Skyrim, and it's less of a sandbox than Terraria or Minecraft. Friendly NPCs cannot be killed, so you can't really 'play your way' and level every settlement you come across. Building is still clunky and constrained to the matter manipulator as well as a few other things, which is limited by upgrades and a lack of features. Still. After three years. All upgrades are one way, there are no toggled options, and eventually you spend more time eliminating blocks one-by-one because you don't need a 5x5 square leveled instantly.Speaking of lacking features.. the game isn't done. Argue this all you want. This isn't a finished product. My big reasoning here is.. Novakids. They're still the lost, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of a fundraiser that got too much and delivered too little. Minimal racial lore, none scattered in the world, no colonies, period. Novakids just 'exist' as a minority that makes no sense. THey have no placement in the 'great story of starbound', and the character scanning even has commentary about how Novakids have no relevance, as if a sick joke.Performance is worse than it was in beta for some, progression is still messy, the Erchius Ghost on moons is a really stupid 'I give up' approach to making mining 'interesting', when it just makes it more tedious and annoying. We still don't have asteroid fields with outposts, or really anything. There's two types of 'empty' worlds flat for building, one is a desert biome, the other is a meteor-asteroid field, which is less interesting than the first iteration [which had ore, debris, and laboratories].All of this comes together in an experience that's forgettable at most. Speaking of experiences...The game launched in beta in January of 2014 with approximately 88 thousand peak players on that launch. It didn't last. It's not averaged half that until the recent 1.0 launch, which averaged approximately 62 thousand players. That's not lasting either. In fact it's a steady downwards slope since that launch in July. Source:http://steamcharts.com/app/211820#AllGranted, with a price like 14.99 US Dollars, you get a good deal of things, and it's a fun explorable. But that price is built on the graves of those who had put plenty into the game hoping it would be great."
,Recommended,211820,25773796,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Josh Monkey,"One of the better games that I've played in my time. It's a perfect blend of exploration and building. The music soundtrack is very soothing, I absolutely love to explore all the worlds and was suprised each time. Well done"
76561198006453232,Recommended,211820,25799370,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Pinball Wizard,"Played this game in alpha/beta.... Poor balance and unfinished, so I put it down .Started playing again at version 1.0.Much better. Great fun , and has sucked HOURS and hours of my life.I played on ""Survival"" difficulty, but as as a seasoned terraria player, I thought it could stand to be a bit more difficult . Most boss fights are a push over.Interesting seeing some of the original alpha features and how they have been fleshed out.Some things like the role of the ship, kinda lost thier meaning.In the higher tiers of the game the ship is almost useless if you set up shop on a planet.The hunger mechanic is also pretty much a distraction, and adds little to the gameplay in my opinion.But the positives far outweigh the negatives.Overall a great game. Give it a go."
,Recommended,211820,25823885,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Void (MrDalek),"Starbound is a really really fun game with a workshop and mods and all the cool stuff. so if you like mods, pixleated 2D games, and you have a stomach for adventure this is the game for you!!!of course it has its faults (none of wich I am going to say theres plenty a reveiws with those.) but all in all (for me) its a really really good game, it has a pretty good story line and lore. a little redundent... but still fun. plenty of mods to make the gameplay richer if thats your thing. welp (insert sans meem here) thats my reveiw!!!"
,Recommended,211820,26320895,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,❤ scout90 ❤,10/10  2D No Man's Sky patch.also you can play as a bird.
76561198119142032,Not Recommended,211820,26538090,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,FrostySeal,"really great game, it has really good gameplay and visuals,but the only thing that ruined the experince is that my character got lost 3 times....so i had to restart over and over,so if  you fix it i'll reccomend it"
,Recommended,211820,26639536,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,BurningVShadow,Get it.
,Recommended,211820,28213625,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Add water,Found an ancient Gnome species below the surface. Went on a Gnome destruction spree. collected many Gnomes. I now have a Gnome that shoots rainbows and wear a Gnome building as a hat. 10/10 would capture Gnomes again.
76561198159535729,Recommended,211820,28282633,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,F O R K Y,Absolutely amazing. I need this for pilliar of the community
,Recommended,211820,28384040,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Råymøŋd,"So,while I was playing Starbound. My friend by the name of ""Hunter Punter"" broke his game. So.I wanted to write this review to all Starbounders or someone ""New"" to Starbound that.. Don't be a ""MOD SHOPPER"". Shopping for alot's of mods can be a bad habit. Since,theres mods can be conflict and  it will break and ♥♥♥♥ed up your game so hard. So,I dont suggest shopping alot of mods. It's good to shop only the mods that is trust worthy such as ""Lyetzi's guns"",etc.Also,please backup your characters,universe data in a new file too."
,Recommended,211820,29153377,Posted: 9 January,all,Justinator0822,This is what 'No Mans Sky' should have been
76561197974905250,Recommended,211820,29769174,Posted: 7 February,all,motionb,"A beautiful space exploration sanbox game like no other ive seen. Starbound allows you to take any path you want like a farmer, a colony builder, and explorer, and more. In all of the ,currently, 459.6 hours i have poured into this game there was barely ever a dull moment. Its an experience that i highly reccomend especially for the price of it."
76561198139653787,Recommended,211820,29884561,Posted: 12 February,all,TheDrunkBrawler,"great game,great story,great performance,great looks.I could go on for hours saying what I love about this game.No problems.easily my favorite game.I can't wait to see what comes up in future updates"
,Not Recommended,211820,29885606,Posted: 12 February,all,Sky Peculiar,"I loved the design and thought of the game, but when I have tried to find stuff about the hylotls then the game gets annoying.  Ive looked at tutorials and everything and nothing explains it."
,Not Recommended,211820,30028954,Posted: 19 February,all,TheMeatBallKing,This game is good but with the recent patches leaving the game with fps and crashing problems it is making it hard to recommend this game right now
,Recommended,211820,30108533,Posted: 22 February,all,BriGranger1990,This is game is really fun! My friend and I play it all time. The  little side quests are super fun and addictive
,Recommended,211820,30185856,Posted: 25 February,all,The egg,If you have ever played terraria this is very simular. It has the same controls and basics. It is terraria in space
76561198195731867,Not Recommended,211820,32275772,Posted: 8 June,all,Degamnus,"i've  enjoyed  most  of  my  time  playing  this  game  i  will  say  hat,  but  the  lag  spikes  and  poor  optimization  makes  playing  a  pain  in  the ♥♥♥♥♥   with  this  last  update  my  game  is  slower  than  ever  and  the  developers  dont  seem  to  be  working  on  optimization  they  just  want  to  keep  adding  more  content  and  dont  get  me  wrong  that  is   awesome  but  its   counter  productive  if  you're  not  going  to  keep  it  well  maintained.   The  way  I  see  it,  your  structure  isn't  stable  then  putting  more  stuff  into  it  will  make  it  collapse.  I  understand this  isn't architecture  but  that  really  just  seems  to  be  the  structure  of  the  universe  in  general."
,Recommended,211820,32804257,Posted: 26 June,all,Ruby Rose,"Think of Terraria, but in space and a story line.I liked all the time I spent on Terraria, but when I essentially finished that gam and got bored due to the lack of updates at the time, I just messed around on Terraria on other games. At some point, I heard of 2 games coming out that were like this, but in space and I was immediately interested. I bought both games, them being this, Starbound, and Edge of Space. I didn't really play much of both the first time since I didn't know exactly what to do and there wasn't mush of a guide on what to do.But 2-3 years after I started both, I came back to them to see how they were doing. Edge of Space is more of a Waste of Space, since it's pratically abandonware at this point. That game stops off at a certain point and is empty from then on. This game however, it got me really hooked onto it. At first, I knew a little bit of what I could do, then I learned from people and the wiko and NPCs on how to progress. I spent so long picking stuff up, exploring, and all that. I did this all with the vanilla game, so it wasn't hard or easy, just learn to survive and kill. I made a lot of characters, redid the story each time, and still love this game. Mods just make it easier or more interesting. You can just make a whole expansion pack with those mods due to their friendliness to each other and the sheer size they have.Overall, this game is a lot of fun vanilla, and can be even more fun and challenging with mods."
,Recommended,211820,32846958,Posted: 27 June,all,Novakid,This 'ere game's pretty nifty.
76561197977335068,Recommended,211820,32953022,Posted: 28 June,all,Martin Looter,endless content
76561198149699662,Recommended,211820,33477465,Posted: 12 July,all,Da_Jiao_Zi,"At first,I think this game is the best in pixel games.Also People in my country say this game is excellentAnd I have something to say to Chucklefish.Beacause This game has no clear optimization effect.But although this game's FPS is lower and lower when I play it.Certainly, I say this to You is a instinct of wanted a Optimize patch.During I play Starbound for first time,It is a exciting Journey.Expecially this Pixel Game is so charming.Encourage myself for these developers can notice this.Find a good way to optimize this game is necessary.For attract the developers,the integrity of this comment is important.Glad to write this comment for starbound"
76561198311649193,Recommended,211820,33740763,Posted: 23 July,all,Mwangi King,One of my favourite games if not my favourite can play for hours on end.
,Recommended,211820,26108306,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,ich heiße Doggeh,For me this game feems to have lasted a long time (400+ hours) before getting boring. I would reccomend it if you enjoy mining and upgrading repeatedly while occasionally killing things and trying not to die. Though I do wish I still had access to the games older versions.
,Recommended,211820,26256088,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sir Kinguin,"10/10This game is amazing, all the customization, the great story (no I'm not gonna spoil it) and the game really sets the adventure theme to youIf you are a terraria player like me I kinda spent various time on  the starting planet."
,Recommended,211820,26498775,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,ErGerdIzNerk,"Great game. Started playing it back while it was in Beta and only recently restarted playing the game.The addition of a storyline  really adds a direction to the game, without forcing the user to have to follow through with it if he doesn't want to.Same goes for the upgrades and weapons. I really like the added content.However, there are still some small annoyances, like the removal of the ""DPS"" on weapons."
76561198119610962,Recommended,211820,26610077,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,NexusSaber,"I have been following this game for a few year now. I have seen many changes, almost all of them improved the game. It is hard for me to put into words how I enjoy this game. It just fun. It controls nice, everything looks great and the music is just amazing.(I have a hard time not going everyday without listening to ""I was the sun"" from the game's songtrack)And the day I heard it finally came out of Early Access I was happy. It is a game I want some people to enjoy too. It is a enjoyable game and people are adding stuff to the workshop to change your experience (from extra little stuff to new races)Also just a extra thing I like how all the races have a theme to them it is nice."
76561198091080698,Recommended,211820,30327693,Posted: 4 March,all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,Oh man where do I start. It's like terraria but GOOD!
76561198246268072,Not Recommended,211820,32298696,Posted: 9 June,all,TheProGram,"The problem I have with this game is simple, it get's repetative very fast, VERY fast, after the first few missions it becomes a loop. More needs to be added, Some suggestions I would have would be a faction system, army building, full ship customization, spaceship combat, and a different opening to the game, this game has the potential to be a great role playing game, but being forced into the storymode before I can even leave the planet im trapped on breaks it for me. This game is still in development so things will change for better or worse, I wouldn't say it's worth 15 USD right now. Just get terraria."
,Recommended,211820,32654490,Posted: 22 June,all,MI LANA󠀡󠀡,gud game
,Recommended,211820,24838128,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,nip,terraria in spaceinstrument wars/10
76561198217139804,Recommended,211820,24875349,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,crispyy_peanut,"As someone who never played the Early Access version of this game, I personally think it is great for what it is. The sprites are created beautifully, the planets feel alive, and the satisfaction of watching your home colony grow after mining for resources never gets tiring. Played Terarria a lot years ago but eventually got bored due to the world feeling ""lonely"". In this game, there are plenty of AI Sprites running about, albeit they don't do much unless they are hostile. Gameplay is diverse enough to not get bored, especially when you come across good armor, or weapons. Want to play as a planet hopping medievil knight/warlord? Done. Want to play as a Space Marine with the best high tech gear? Done. Want to play as a lowly farmer on a planet? You can do that. The game has a wide variety of things you can do, if you put your mind to it. It's a relaxing game, as I never found a planet that was extremely tough or overwhelming (missions can be hard if you jump into them with low gear). But it's just solid fun for the price it's at.If you never played the Early Access game, chances are you can jump into the game and enjoy what it has to offer."
,Recommended,211820,25406798,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,ThorsHamma,"I have got to say first off, the music playing in the back was so good it made me injoy this game even more then i thought i would. The music isnt the only thing that made me love this game, it was also the art and the game mech its self. after maybe an hour you understand right away how todo things and not only does Starbound look plain and easy it has cool building tree like steps to get you either a better staff or gun or make a more stylish home but anywho I would def buy this game for a friend if they had nothing else better todo."
,Recommended,211820,25463380,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Grunt100,Terraria+No mans sky=Starbound
,Recommended,211820,25644431,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,The Grand Father,"Oh my god I don't even know where to start. When I started playing this gem I didn't really know what to do so I made an Avian and swung my wooden sword of death around. The next time I played the Novakid update came out (I don't really remember update names) and I was entranced by the new race (I play Novakid and always will!) quests and armor and all these things that I had no clue at all about. Played again on another update and still had tons of fun (played with a friend so it was even better!). Now I played the story release and I was utterly pleased every second I played! I started last week and beat the game today! (No, it's not that short I have just been playing a ton).  All the facts combined is that this game had a really satisfying ending that is a must complete! In short I would 100% recommend buying this (well that's my opinion) from the gameplay to the music it is one hell of a ride!"
76561198053341948,Recommended,211820,25775189,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,kaoshosh,"If you're looking for space exploration while maintaining manageable inventory and survival mechanics, look no further!Honestly, this is what No Man's Sky should've been. A huge universe to explore and colonize with a nice story to keep you occupied. The story isn't intrusive, it works more like a guidance for the next step.I played this game for like 10 hours on my first session and I didn't feel the time passing...that's insane!"
,Recommended,211820,25896694,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Nimish,"I was very pleased with the storyline after being a part of this game for so long before full release. Chucklefish really did well by their fans and community, making constant changes, listening to feedback, and giving everyone what they paid for.The story mode was of reasonable length for a game of this genre, and I found it quite fulfilling, but the real fun comes from building and exploring. Whether you're hoofing it solo or playing with a group of any size, this game just keeps going and going. From houses to crops to material farms to towns, you can make the universe your own and I love it. Definitely one of my favorite games of all time."
76561198079755572,Recommended,211820,26320185,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Senap,"This game is really fun with friends and also solo.but one thing that really dingles my dongles is that the online experience is very rng and unpolite and untrustwhurtyI can never play with my friends without hte struggle of a lifetime. to connect with my friends is the hardest part of the day, of the week. This makes my kidneys bleed and my brain snooze with angery. I cannot believe how the devs can allow this sort of madness, all i ask of you is to allow me to play with me frinds in a simple way. make the servers great again."
,Recommended,211820,26509729,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,I will break your heart,it's like no man sky but fun and actully good
,Recommended,211820,26687341,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,00Deb,It's a pretty good buy.
,Not Recommended,211820,28114013,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Infinite luck,"It's ok. I wouldn't buy it again in it's current state.As a terraria player this seemed really appealing at first and it was, but when I visited another world with giant cacti and the game treated them as wood, it kinda made me upset because it's just a recolor. I'm not really into base building either, so the beauty of the game didn't really click with me.This game is too chaotically random, I think procedurally generated enemies will never be good enough in my lifetime. No Man's Sky being a good example. That's all"
76561198039720797,Recommended,211820,24888831,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,punkceoil117,Not gonna lie. I love this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,25490276,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,True Reclaimer,"If you think this game will be like Terraria, prepare for disappointment.If you think this will be a good coop game, think again because it is not.If you think you will play this without mods, youre gonna have a bad time.- PROS -*Controls are tight and immersive*Inventory management is okay (but great with mods)*Weapon variety is good*Some boss fights are more than just bullet sponges and require a little thought*You can play pokemon by capturing any weakened monster with a capture ball, then make it battle*Graphics are decent and on par with Terraria if not better*Sound is good*Story is alright*NPCs are well designed*GAME HAS POTENTIAL TO IMPROVE IF DEV ACTUALLY LISTENS- CONS -*Coop is A MESS. Loot is NOT SEPARATE. This means boss drops, rare drops, quest items, even challenge door rewards are split between players causing a lot of headache and frustration. !!THIS GAME NEEDS LOCAL LOOT DROPS SEPARATE FOR EACH PLAYER!!*The Dev is kinda a jerk. He seems to be an elitist and think that his design choices are perfection, regardless of community outcry. THANKFULLY he does allow mod support, and the Starbound community is dedicated and amazing at fixing Chucklefish's mistakes. However most of these fixes are extremely simple and would take the Dev no more than an hour to set them as default in vanilla version for those that dont want mods*Planets are pretty small. TINY compared to Terraria.*Missions are even smaller and feature pre-rendered maps that are a set path with pre-placed enemy spawns. This makes it easy to grind out missions for loot, but a real snooze fest. And grind a lot you shall.*Drop rates are horrible. Sacrifice to RNGesus and grind all day, end up having to edit in the items you need manually*Having a spaceship invalidates the need to craft and protect shelters like in Terraria. You are completely disconnected and safe up there in your sky fortress/storage area/crafting house. Although the recently added colony system provides some incentive to ground buildings, it can be skipped since its truly not needed.*!!SHIP STORAGE IS NOT PRIVATE!! People can beam up to your empty ship and steal all your good loot. Not sure if theres a mod to fix this either...*Novakids get unfair hidden advantage of being able to craft guns right off the bat. Completely breaks the early game and probably allows for the whole game to be cheesed*Steam Achievements arent shared in coop! Requires each player to do the requirements multiple times or force into single player*Challenge doors are both cheeseable in coop (you and your friend both enter same time then take turns instant spawning on each other as many times needed to finish) and broken (friend went in, door disappeared locking me out, couldnt get in to get loot). Also once again, LOOT ISNT SEPARATE. Can do the whole course, friend spawns on you, steals loot.*Lack of clear play path, lack of upgraded crafting unlocks, lack of direction overall*No pause button, even in singleplayer. Yet theres a button to instantly warp to your ship which kinda breaks the game.*The easy mode difficulty is like Terraria where you wont lose items on death, however you automatically are charged 10% of your money to respawn and theres NO WAY to turn that off. For comparison to a better game - when killed in Terraria, you dropped the money on the ground and had a chance to retrieve it.- Final Verdict -Game has potential.Decent singleplayer game when used with mods.Currently unplayable in coop.Needs separate loot drops per player.Ship is OP, and planet crafting is undervaluedNovakid is OP needs balanceOption to turn off ""lose 10% of money on respawn"" is needed, as is a pause functionBought this to play with my gf, she ended up rage quitting which is the first game she has done this with, so for any fellow coop players - I cant recommend this game.Played too long to get a refund before I realized all the issues"
76561198216264880,Recommended,211820,26280125,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,SMJSMOK,"A very nice game focused on crafting and exploration. It's not a game for everyone, but those who like this kind of game will definitely like it. Some pros and cons:+ technologically impressive - the procedurally generated universe + planets feel really nice+ well-developed building and crafting system - easy to grasp but also efficient and fun+ absolute freedom - you can go wherever you want and do whatever you want there. And there's a lot to be done.+ customization - you can customize practically everything in the game (you can even put posters on the walls of your spaceship :-D )- quite a lot of grinding. While the process of grinding can be satisfying in itself (mining, recruiting crew members etc.), the people who hate the concept of grinding will hate that.- the main quest is...not very good- poorly optimized (stutters even on systems where it really shouldn't)"
,Not Recommended,211820,28153924,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,LunaticBishop,"The game was good in Beta, but now it runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have even seen people that have high end computers with flipping lag. I am not recommending it because of it. If they fix the problem, I will change my review."
76561198171004961,Recommended,211820,29609191,Posted: 31 January,all,Kishiwa,After more than 500h of playing both stable and unstable I have to admit that this game is worth its money.I found many friends through it and I keep playing it until now.Its not the best game but its a good one.
76561198150375927,Not Recommended,211820,30028711,Posted: 19 February,all,SgtSpell,"It's pretty decent.  If you like exploration, sandbox, and space, you'll love it.  Not too much variety in the way of meaningful choices, as races don't matter (just cosmetically different, and your ship also is determined via race).Graphically, it looks great, and the inventory and ui is decent also, without really feeling clunky.Mods are abundant and very cool and fun, definitely a must for the long haul as some of the improvements are things that should be already included.The story is sandboxy, it ends on a general note.  Nothing to write home about.Let me break it down.What I liked-Graphics-Abundant mods-Crafting is easy and simple-you're in space""What I hatedOPTIMIZATION BLOWS.No seriously, the game crashed maybe 68 times (literally) and consistently, no matter what settings, research, or mods you got doesn't fix the fact the game is VERY poorly optimized.  You're better off drawing frames of on-screen scenes with a crayon, because you'll probably draw it faster by hand than your GPU will, if you've got anything less than a monster PC.There's a few smaller things that I don't care for in the game, but all of these are minor and can be overlooked by the amazing modding community.TL;DR,  IF you like space, exploration, sandbox games, that are in 2-D, and you've got the Airforce One of gaming PC's, by all means, it's worth your money.If you meet all of the critera above except having the best PC on the planet, please look elsewhere for your fun because you will not find it here."
76561197990188797,Recommended,211820,30126561,Posted: 23 February,all,Charlie Work,"My spaceship has a janitor. I'm pretty sure he just looks busy and doesn't actually contribute to my crew like my mercs, outlaws, soilders and chemists, but It important to me that I can demand ""Swab the decks!!"" and someone rushes over with mop. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,33301537,Posted: 5 July,all,Nugakku,i can be a naked bird 10/10
,Recommended,211820,23342567,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lord Selrahc,"I love this game. Its practically a space terraria, and has a story. Great game."
,Recommended,211820,24492618,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Questy,"As a fan of Terraria, this game is very enjoyable, and is pretty addictive.It's like Terraria, but with a lot more into it, with a few trade offs that are worth it. Starbound has exploration, crews, and slight emphasis on survival, at a cost of slightly more complex mechanics. With Terraria having a more simple and easy to learn style, Boss fights, larger variety in weapons and armor, at a cost of having limitation, unless another world is created.While not as good as Terraria, it can be considered as a great spiritual successor to Terraria.Also, where are them playable Feneroxes?(I know it's only just a gimmick, like the playermodels in Garry's Mod, but it's just that they're cute.) :3"
76561198045186193,Recommended,211820,24493587,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Benevolent Jim,YOU WANT A GAME WHERE YOU CAN GO AROUND ENTIRE GALAXIES AND PLANETS TO DESTROY THEM ALL OR BUILD COLONIES? well then you got Starbound.YOU WANT A GAME WITH A GOOD AND WELL WRITTEN STORY? Well this isnt Bioshock Infinite but hey you got Starbound which is also good.YOU WANT A GAME THAT YOU CAN PLAY FOR HOURS AND NOT GET BORED? YOU.GOT.STARBOUND And still if you can stay and read a long review like this why dont you go and buy Starbound already so you can use your time better
,Recommended,211820,24942785,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Tigerpounce,I bought this game a long time ago. Afew years even. I'm not sure when but before they had added the Glitch species. It was really fun but every time there was an update sush as when the Glitch were added it would wipe all your characters and progress. Now that it's done supposedly it shoudn't do that anymore. Other than that its well worth it! It still has a few bugs and it can be annoying that food can't stack though. Oh and there is a (rare) bug where the menu where you exit and save doesn't appear. Don't freak out that you can't save the menu is there its just invisable. just click where the save and quit button should be. Eventually you should click it.
,Recommended,211820,28795757,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Batmilk,NMS meet's terraria. Whats not to love!!! XD
76561198216831269,Recommended,211820,29552356,Posted: 28 January,all,GamersAmongUs,Love it
,Recommended,211820,31828005,Posted: 18 May,all,Galather Raloynore,"At first sight, I thought it was yet another copy of Terraria but then when I started playing it, it became more and more fun. Billions of galxies to explore makes this game very unique n=and fun. I've now spent over 100 hours on this game and with every update it just keeps getting better and better, with more and more of my friends gaining interest to join us and play together. Really fun game to play with friends and I could spend hours upon hours on it every day!"
,Not Recommended,211820,32103809,Posted: 1 June,all,Cook,"This is a very boring game and this is not the game I was waiting for...Pros:The crafting system is OK. There is nothing special about it and it is almost like in Terraria.The art style is enjoyable and interesting.Cons:The combat system is boring. Don't get me wrong I do not need to have a bunch of combos in the game, however, the combat system in this game is not complex and not simple, it's just bland.I enjoyed the combat system in Terraria because it was very simple and easy. In this game, you have a 3-hit combo with a sword and a pause between them, and because of that, you have to make 3 hits and step away or you will get hit. For some reason, devs didn't add blocking ability wen you have only a sword.Mobs are boring. The devs promise procedurally generated monsters, however, each time I started a new game all monsters were the same as during the last game.The exploring in boring. It's boring mostly because it takes ages to get to somewhere interesting, thanks to slow mining, and in the end, all that I saw was some empty location.The music is boring and monotonous.Mining isextremelyboring, and this is my main problem. Of course, in the release version, you can mine and cut trees much faster rather in EA game, but it's still slow. It took me a few hours to build a simple house made of wood. And I don't even speak about mining because at this point my boredom became so strong that it start to cause me a physical pain.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=937248945I know that in the game there are more advanced tools, but it turns out that they can not be crafted, they can only be found or bought from a trader, who also needs to be found. This is just ridiculous. The character can make a bunch of objects of varying complexity, but can't make a basic pickaxe.The story... Well, there is a good starting mission, but then I only got simple quests like finding a random object in given amount and any supplies. Maybe there will be interesting quests but I didn't get from the first planet because of the slow mining.I remember in early EA version there was a chain of interesting tutorial quests with a boss fight at the end and in this version I have only one quest with no direct objective. At one point I needed to find some red seeds (i don't remember how are they called) for a portal or something but the game didn't tell me wat are those and where you can find them so for that info I had to save\exit the game, because there is no pause, and google info about it.No in-game minimap.No in-game wiki. Some key items are highlighted in the quest description but you can't click on them and read some info. Yes, you can say that Terraria also has no in-game wiki, but at least there was a pause so you could google info about an item and also there was a guy who showed you all the recipes.And for God's sake! Why there is no pause in this game?! I'm OK when there is no pause when I'm crafting or checking my inventory and I know that this is because people can join in your game. Yea, good luck with that when I'm playing offline.There should be a simple option when creating a new game or character, like ""do you what to create a private game with a pause or an online game without it?"" But no, now I have to save/exit every time I need to grab a glass of water or do something because my character can be killed or will die from starvation.If the devs add the ability to pause the game and will make mining faster I'll give this game another try but until then I'll stick with Terraria.So many years of waiting and such disappointment."
76561198138812817,Recommended,211820,32612192,Posted: 21 June,all,冷冽谷的水晶室女,We need Chinese!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,211820,21678298,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MrGlasses,"Here's the rundown of Starbound and why it's getting a negative review. This will perhaps change in the future.The first, big reason is due to the state of early access. It's been two years now since it was released to early access on Steam and nothing major has really changed. Some will argue against that but no, nothing big has changed. It's the same ship designs, the same races and the same idea that is, in basic, Terraria in space. The same bosses have mostly existed since it was released as have the modules that the player uses, the weapons, the way NPCs act and monsters.What has changed?The promised ship expansion was finally added, though you are forced to complete asinine quests in order to build this. These quests are akin to something one might find in an old RPG flash game.The addition of said quests.The addition of quest and mission areas with a forced lock on blocks, both forcing the player to play through the level/quest and preventing them from looting/salvaging/stealing from the quest area. Quests are given through a central hub that the player discovers via tutorial early in the starting of a new character.Pros?It's a sandbox game much akin to Terraria, though in space.There are a variety of planets to discover and explore.It can be fun when played with multiple people or on a server.Starbound gives a nice reference of ""what not to do"" for up and coming developers and studios. The public relations nightmare that is Chucklefish Studio with broken  promises, smug attitudes and needlessly long development times are all things that OTHER studios can learn from.Cons? There's quite a few IMHOOutright false advertising, see below.Instability. The game crashes...a lot. Lot of little glitches and bugs.Poor PR from Chucklefish. For example, getting banned from the forums for asking questions in non-derogatory terms or giving honest critique about the current state of the game in non-derogatory terms. Unkept promises, etc.False advertising how? The starbound website boasts of a sandbox game with quests scattered around the universe. This of course is not true. While playing the game, encountering various towns of NPCs, I found not one offering a quest. The towns themselves were intriguing enough and had a few merchants vending different items but nobody offered any quests. The only way to find a quest is to go to the central hub. The most in depth the quests get, however, are ""Help, I lost my paper"" or ""oh no the mine is under attack go get better armor and fight the thing"" followed by expanding your ship. The website also boasts of a story, but the most in depth the story goes is ""You're ship crash lands"".As this is a sandbox game and a crafting game how well done is said crafting? Crafting items is about as linear as you can get here. ""Get better metal to make better armor and weapons"" rinse and repeat. What differs from Starbound and Terraria is the tools, though. In Starbound making tools such as a diamond pickaxe is worthless, you have matter manipulator that does everything for you and is more powerful than any of the tools you can craft by the time you are finding any sort of ore. There is VERY little difference from Terraria crafting and Starbound crafting; Though you do need more supplies and parts in Terraria whereas you don't in Starbound.TL;DR?AVOID! DO NOT BUY! DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY!"
,Recommended,211820,24150768,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,HerpeDerp,"This is quite the game, ive played for a full day ingame and I have to say its fun to play with some friends. Other than that the game feels great and plays alot like Terraria.10/10"
76561198185104053,Recommended,211820,24170870,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,TACOMAN,This is one of the most fun games i have ever played it blends the average explorer with farming colanizing looting and just plain old adventure 10/10
,Recommended,211820,29885209,Posted: 12 February,all,RemmySC,"TL;DR: one of my favorite games of all time, and is probably (going to be) yours too!Starbound is truly a wonderful game. I've been here since it's first release on Steam so very long ago. Everything from the music to the planets themselves are gorgeous. While the final product takes a slightly different direction from the previous versions, it's still a great game. The final product fixed a lot of things and did a lot right,But it also did a lot wrong:The removal of race specific weapons,The removal of the ability to attack anything on sight,The removal of temperature and addition of the (gross) EPP units,The (over) implementation of pre-generated creatures,The new hotbar (disputable. I like the old ones better because of their versatility).I'm also pretty sure that creatures would slowly evolve/mutate over time at some point, but that could also just have been something that was never implemented. More on that later.BUT! It still did a lot right:The re-addition of hunger,The addition of companions,The addition of creating settlements (my *favorite* feature),Better fuel system from earlier builds (coal was stupid tbh),More crafting options,More village types,A lot of needed optimization,The implementation of a random quest system.(DISCLAIMER: They may have said at some point that they could not implement certain features for some reason, but I do not know of any. These are just things I merely remember them promising that they would do or were working on. Perhaps they are still working on them? Space flight seems to be on its way! Also, yes. I do know mods exist to alleviate some of these, but that's just not the point.)Now, onto these ""failed promises"". These have to be my biggest complaints, because it broke my heart when I found out some of these were not happening.1. Rather than one big quest (like it is now), each race was supposed to have a fully fleshed-out quest where you accomplish something big and/or unique for them. These quests would play to the lore of the race and you'd learn more about them and their culture and even their struggles. For example, the Apex quest involved you fighting against and bringing down Big Ape, which is now a short quest that is really not fulfilling. These were honestly what I was most hyped for! It would serve to create for a *far* more immersive universe. (I'm unsure, but I believe that you wouldn't just pick up a quest to start this either, but rather slowly get more and more involved as you did stuff for that certain race.)2. Racial traits. WHERE ARE THEY? We were promised these from day one. A race was meant to be more than a skin, but rather a playstyle or personality that you would take on, but it seems that's all but gone too. With the removal of race-specific weapons, I can't honestly tell the difference between playing a Floran or playing a Hylotl, except for the armor. Oh right. The armor makes them unique, right? NOPE! Just different skins for the same piece of armor.There are some more of these promises I think they said they would do, but I'm unsure about them so I won't list the rest. I do know that the two above were for sure promised.It's time to discuss the personality of the game. Overall, it's full of quirky jokes and light-hearted humor, and that's great! The important NPC's in the game are actually really memorable, and the writing is fantastic! But, ah. This is not the personality I wish to discuss.I want to discuss the personality of each race. The peace-loving Hylotl, the war-mongering Floran, the ancestral Avian, the science-enthusiastic Apex, the medieval Glitch, the wild Novakid, and (of course) the basic Human. There's a bit of lore behind each race and it shows us what makes them really unique. It's fantastic. But you know what's not fantastic? The poor show they put on in the actual game.Aside from the dialogue, architecture, and furnishings, every race is seemingly the same. They may say something, but behind those cold, empty words there is nothing that makes them stand out. They will never act on anything they say (unless the guards are yelling at you). If I play a Hylotl, I should expect a not-so-friendly welcome in Floran villages. Perhaps they attack me on sight, or perhaps they capture me. Regardless, the ""vicious"" Floran will do nothing about their ancient enemy. Likewise, if I play a Floran, I should expect a similar greeting from the Hylotl villages. Except instead of attacking me, the Hylotl would instead apprehend me or expel me from their village. Each race has a truly unique personality that just does not show in-game.It's disappointing, that's all.To me, choosing a race should NOT be a different skin, but rather a truly different character. Each race should give me a slightly different experience. I love ya, Chucklefish, but you really blew it with this one.Should you buy this?Hell YEAH! If you're just now thinking about picking this game up, you'll fall in love with it. If you're just getting back into it... Well, you'll probably still love it. It's just a hard game not to love!My love stems not only from how great the game actually is, but from the amazing journey Chucklefish took me on. I'll never forget the update in which the birds were made completely OP. Ahhh, I have some good stories from those times! Still makes me (dare I say) chuckle to this day! I'll always love Starbound. That's something that I doubt even the devs can change.(NOTE: This was my first attempt at trying to review something, sorry if it's not really hitting on the points you wanted to read about. I was more discussing the final product. I'm sure others have already made really good points. To be honest, I could go on for hours about Starbound, but this review has to come to an end.)"
76561197973545135,Recommended,211820,32827384,Posted: 26 June,all,Staypuft,"I've been having a great time, so much to do,see,explore,craft,fight,build,destroy."
,Recommended,211820,33130941,Posted: 2 July,all,DeadPixel,Great game kinda like Terraria but with a story can be buggy at times like the first main quest didn't load the compass for one of my friends so she could complete it and had to make 3 new characters for it to finally work but over all good fun!
,Recommended,211820,33229975,Posted: 4 July,all,߷ Feastiality ߷,"I recently got back into it because of the mechs, the gameplay is nice, the progression is a little wonky but I like the art style for the game. My main issue is the bugs that seem to stem from multiplayer, I don't understand how these things exactly work...but if you have The Ark set to a player exclusive thing, maybe questlines won't be destroyed 90% of the time just for wanting to play the game multiplayer. This one isn't exactly a bug but it's just general lag, I understand there is a lot of math involved with generation but I don't think it should constantly lag without mods despite having a good connection. Fix your bugs and I'll definitely play this game a lot more. I will give them credit for the new update, I love the way the mechs handle and the missions for it are interesting to me. I just wish there was more variation to said missions. I give the game a 7/10 in its current state, keep up the good work guys."
,Recommended,211820,33307508,Posted: 6 July,all,TTStooge,"Now, I want to start off this review by saying Starbound is a very flawed game. It has great potential, and could've been a truly amazing game. It sadly fails to fully meet its potential though.By no means is it a terrible game, but it's not a fantastic game either. A sort of ""mixed bag"", if you will. You'll notice this sort of mix of high and low moments while progressing through the game's honestly pretty lackluster story.The main story consists of two types of quests: Missions, and clue hunts.Missions are easily the best part of the story, with the player treading through some honestly very well made dungeons and challenges which end in intense and fun boss battles (first boss is kinda lame though, IMO.) These bosses (save for the final boss, which is a missed oppurtunity) have a 10% chance to drop unique and powerful weapons. These weapons are pretty enjoyable to use, at least for me.Personal favorite? The Dragonhead Pistol.Clue hunts suck. They're very RNG dependant with you needing to hope a settlement/dungeon spawned on the world you're searching, repetitive in that a large portion of the story is literally just clue hunts, and are, in my opinion, a very lazy way to extend the story. In the words of a friend of mine, it ""adds padding to a sandbox game.""I understand the reasoning for them, however. They help give some direction for the progression system (pointing the player to the next type of planet they should search for, leading them to getting better materials to make better armor...) and let the player get a general idea ofwhat the culture for the race you're searching for is like.Getting bad RNG with the clue hunts can potentially result in hours of frustration. I speak from experience. I highly recommend installing a mod that lowers the amount of clues you need to scan if you're worried this will be an issue.If I were to suggest some way to Chucklefish to improve upon these rather dull quests, I'd suggest adding random story events that can happen while you're attempting to complete one, or maybe decreasing the amount of clues you need to scan.Now, the story itself is heavily flawed, at least in my opinion. Many things aren't properly explained, there are some pretty glaring plot holes, and there's a plot twist(?) that's ultimately not needed and doesn't really contribute much. I'm not really going to go much further than this when it comes to story critcisms, though.Upon completion of the story, you're given access to ""Ancient Keys"" that will allow you to tread through ancient vaults (Borderlands, anyone?) filled with deadly traps and enemies. Vaults essentially are Starbound's post-game content. These vaults are randomly generated, picking a certain ""theme"" (i.e. Water, Ice, etc.) and the bosses at the end of them are randomly generated as well. The enemies, bosses, and chests located in these vaults give ""ancient essence"", which allows you to upgrade certain legendary weapons as well as create and power terraformers for transforming planets. Vaults are easily a solid part of Starbound and haven't quite gotten old just yet, at least for me.I hope to see more for post-game content, however. Can we perhaps get vaults that require mechs to navigate through, or maybe a new star type that consists of all planet types at Tier 7 difficulty? Just throwing some ideas out there.Since I can't make a consistently in-depth review to save my life, here's the rest of my thoughts but short and sweet and in no particular order:Optimization needs to be improved, at least in my opinion.Combat is decent, few attacks from enemies really ever feel truly unfair. If you dislike how certain melee weapons are restricted in aiming, I recommend installing the ""Melee Aiming"" mod.Movement is alright, no complaints there.Character Customization is decently well done, could use some touch-ups such as more dye colors but it's alright how it is.I wish there were more craftable weapons such as how there used to be before the 1.0 update. There was plenty of player choice and there was no real reason to remove them? I miss my Ferozium Rifle!I personally prefer the old lore and story as there were many interesting characters such as Greenfinger and the leader of the Avians. A real shame that got removed and replaced with something lackluster.The many structures that can be found on planets are wild and varied, no real complaints there. Wish they kept USCM Bunkers and Serpent Drones though, could've at least had an abandoned version?Randomly generated monsters are kinda boring, the old attacks they had in the beta need to be brought back. Speaking of which, miniboss monsters from the beta need to make a return as well. At least have them spawn from a quest or something?Mechs are fun, wish there was some sort of post-game content for them, such as the Mech-specific vaults I mentioned before.Why'd you remove so many cool weapons from Starbound? The Bonehammer was a classic!The final boss needs an item drop.Armors are honestly pretty boring. Wish they had set bonuses, like in Terraria or the mod Frackin' Universe.Getting Mech parts takes too long, the amount of scrap needed to craft them should be reduced a bit.Building is actually fairly easy. No complaints there.tl;dr: It's an alright game with some pretty blatant flaws, I enjoy it all the same though.Well, that was my review. If I got anything wrong or if you feel I missed or left out something, feel free to tell me."
,Recommended,211820,34225195,Posted: 13 August,all,Spacecouch,"Absolutely phenomenal game. It is almost 2 years old and they're still realeasing huge updates, such as the amazing mech and space exploration update which came out a couple months ago. The gameplay is awesome, the building is awesome too, the only thing I can think of that isnt awesome is that once you have ALOT of time in the game, the devs cant add new dungeons in as fast as we can explore them so they get a bit repetetive. BUT thats why we have the steam workshop!! It  adds all kinds of stuff, you want a new cool race? You got it. You want a new ship? You got it. You want more dungeons so you don't run into the kinda samy but still cool vanilla dungeons? YOU GOT IT. Buy it right now sucka."
76561197995865002,Not Recommended,211820,35475471,Posted: 4 October,all,Solar,"Game is fun however, i've noticed some glitches:1) Quests won't work. Youll stand besides the NPC you need to talk to and he wont complete your quest2) Mobs are insanelly hard at night3) Lose an insane amount of money due to glitches.4) Game freezes randomly. Especially when alot of NPC fight5) My crew member attacks entire villages for no reason which nullifies all my quests. Extremelly frustrating"
76561198018240095,Recommended,211820,24483413,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Flames of Destiny,"I've played the game on and off for a year or two, but decided to have a serious sit-down once 1.0 dropped.I'm liking the game because that is what it is, a good game. Lots of items and strange places to find, lots of choices for building, and the game's randomly generated worlds always have something to look at or discover.Despite these pros that the game has had for a very long time, the 1.0 update also brought a lot of hate from the community including myself.For one, characters have been wiped again with this update. Pretty obvious why that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥people off.Two, the inventory system is now much harder to manage because it has so few spaces and certain items can only go in certain tabs of the inventory. (Ex. Iron in crafting materials tab.) This limits the main theme of the game: Exploration.Three, progression in crafting stations and gear have improved in terms of convenience, but is limited by the story.Overall I can't say I hate the game because of a few steps back even though the developers had a looong time to get it figured. Besides, the ame took a few steps forward with crew members and bringing back survival mechanics. In fact, I'll probably play the game for another week or more.EDIT: The game gives a lot of options for building and there is a colony creation system. Different experiences with playing different races and I think the game is better than I originally got in to. (Mods can fix the inventory stuff.)8/10 Worth the price if you aren't the type to get annoyed by cluttered storage and inventory."
,Recommended,211820,24884047,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,sgeorge419,"This game is my favorite game on steam and I've played it ever since the start of Early Access. In my opinion, if anyone that played Minecraft or Terraria should play this game! It has pretty much anything: Mining, Farming, Missions, Boss fights, Exploration, Epic Loot and more! This game would be even more fun to allow the Erchius Ghost killable! I saw this youtuber kill and use a Capture Pod on an Erchius Ghost using a Pollen Puffer. You could add that, but make it not instant kill everything and make it have a ton of health. I give this game a 100% Thumbs Up! Thank you, Chucklefish for making such a fun game!"
76561198034064001,Not Recommended,211820,25261824,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,rodt,"Really boring game, nothing much to do, horrifically badly programed.1) Really boring game: The game is just so shallow it is really a bit hard to believethat it would be even possible to make a game so shallow. There are a few (like 20)nice things to look at. That is all well and good for a small art gallery, but not somuch for a game.Don't be fooled by the supposed ""procedural generation"", there are only a handful -what 10 or so? different types of planets, and the ""generator"" does nothing to mixthings up. Two planets of the same type are so identical that you often think youhave ran into exact same planet. Maybe theres one more tree between the spawn pointand the hill on the left... who cares... What you have in reality is a massiveuniverse that consists of the same repeated 10 planets over and over and over again.Exploring to notice this really is an anticlimax.Doing quests, whether the main ones or any others, does nothing! There is no point indoing any quests -- sure you need to do some to unlock various things -- is it thefirst story quest, so you can take your ship to other planets ? That is it. Afterthat you will notice that the universe of Starbound is entirely static, nothing youdo has any effect, there is no point in doing things.So there are like 4 things you can do in this game. A - mine, B - run, C - farm, D -quest.A - mine, well yeah making your first mine is mildly engaging as you first explorethe art assets, after that you would need to make another mine on another planet,because different planets have different ores. You would need to make about 4 minesin total I think.There is almost nothing to see underground, so mining gets boring fast. The mobs aremerely just annoying, with boring attacks and no drops. There is NO MININGadvancements, so apart from getting a stronger mining tool and 2 devices, oredetector and cave detector, mining is a pretty boring endevour.B - run, well yeah that is a way you can play this game, probably the most efficient,but it is also probably the worst way to play it. Because of its efficiency you willtend to mostly. You just beam down to a planet and run across the surface looting allthe boxes you find on your way and then leaving to repeat this on another planet. Youquickly see the three or four different surface structures IN THE ENTIRE UNIVERSE,and collect enough ores, pixels, useless weps, upgrade modules etc... to progressyour character. This is also a fast way to notice how similar the planets are, whichagain is a bit depressing. Each beam down becomes really drab, you know you wont seeanything interesting and just wish you could find that matter manipulator module youneed, so you can build a farm or something instead of this boring laggy borefest.C - farm, well yeah making a farm is something different, you can play the game likea farmer, to progress, since you can buy most ores you need. However you cant buy allthe ores, so your farmer will have to actually do running and maybe mining as well.So although it was claimed you can be a farmer purely, you cannot. Well anyway solets say you did enough of the other things, so you have the seeds you need to make afarm. You plant them seeds, they grow, you run over the plants, ""havesting"" them, andput that produce in your terramart for pixels (game currency). NPCs wont do any ofthis for you, so forget making a farming type colony, colonists don't actually doanything - but that is the next point. Lets make it clear; Farming is this :-1. wait for plants to grow.2. run through all your plants that are ready to be havested, havesting them (presse)3. Put produce in terramart machine to pixels.You can play this game (to an extent) like that if you want. There is NO FARMINGadvancements, so that is it. Needless to say it is terribly boring.D - quest, well yeah, so when you come across these handful of populated structures,some of the NPCs there will offer you quests. The quest generator is apparentlystupidly complex for what it actually does. It will generate a sequence ofinterrelated quests for you. These might be gather resources, then craft somethingwith resources, then give to someone, who gives you something to place in the NPCshome. Pick up some stranded NPC. Save some NPC who is held by a few hostiles. Plantseeds, grow produce, give produce to NPC... maybe a couple more. Firstly, the questsare all boring as hell, secondly and more importantly they do nothing whatsoever! Theuniverse is entirely static.Actually I recently read on the dev blogs, that the quests are really super cool anddo all sorts of changing things to the world. And the reason I didnt notice thatquests are super cool and have real consequences are because the quests are boringand the changes are cosmetic or trivial -- so a NPC in some town now wears a funnyhat, because you did some quest! Or one NPC now can generate quests pertaining tosome other NPC, because you did some quest that made them friends! Who cares ? Ididnt even notice.Doing these quests have one effect, you get various items, which you might need toprogress your character, albeit at a greatly slowly rate than just surface runningacross planets will get you.2) Nothing much to do. Well yeah, above ive described the entire game, that is it,that is all there is to do. Sure you can spend time creating various structures,which is nice, but you can also do that in paintbrush, or whatever... You can use thewire mechanics to make interesting automated things in your structures, but again,with nothing much happening or to do in the starbound universe, it is a bitanticlimatic, since you spent all that time making some cool base structure, but itserves no purpose at all. The one reason to make a cool base structure is to protectyour stuff, since there is no form of protection for player made stuff, even on yourown ship, you have to make a secret base in MP to store all your stuff in. Otherwiseother players can just mine everything from your ship. Making MP itself a really badexperience. Enemies dont get harder depending on number of players nearby oranytyhing, and you still only get loot for 1 person. So MP doesnt work, for anythingother than a IRC replacement. I mean don't get me wrong, I had fun making pass codeddoors for my ship, although it was a continuous feeling of depressing for me, knowingI couldnt ever use them, since people could just mine through them anyway :/3) Horrifically badly programmed. Well yeah, the engine of this game has beenhorrendous since it was released on steam. I thought, well yeah of course that willbe sorted out, after many updates I started to worry about that, but remained hopefulfor the actual 1.0 release. Well it's here now and the engine is the same or worse.This is just the fact of the matter; Starbound is horrifically coded and this makesmodding for it depressing as well, why make a mod for a game engine that is very bad?There is no point, there are plently of other game engines out there. Anyway what wehave is that the game is basically a trivial and shallow program for showing off artassets. The best of these are probably the NPC towns etc... But the engine canthandle them and whenever you come across some cool town that you should be happy tofind and explore, its a double edged sword. Yeah its nice to look at, but its gamebreakingly laggy to engage with in game. The engine doesnt even cut it as a simpleprogram to show off art assets!It might be important to realise the priority the game engine should have. If youwant to make a game that features immersive NPC towns, yet the engine you havecreated to do this, cannot do it; then the engine is a failure and without fixingthat, your game is broken. This is really important!"
76561198180390821,Recommended,211820,25461193,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,8bitbiff,"well, this game is great in my opinion but i can see why other people dont like it, let me explain. the majority of the story is vary repetiteve but the devs change it up slightly, so --spoilers-- the floran ""searching"" mission is esentualy the same thing as the apex searching misson but they change the planet style, the way the species act and what you must get to even survive on that planet! --spoilers over-- thats what i like about the game, but as i said, its not for everyone. as for other things like the brand new collections where the game auto fills boxes when you catch new fish, new bugs, new animals find fossils and even cook foods! also, for the cool kids who just want to do whatever they want, there are some cool commands to learn and some neat mods on the workshop :) k, toodles"
,Recommended,211820,25473617,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Nechronome,Out of early access and out of this world. N awesome game to play with friends i only wish it was easier to make a server and not deal with ip host problems and all that crap.
,Not Recommended,211820,25483991,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Black Wolf,"Have 202 hrs on the game played through to end the end boss built mostly everything, but after my play through the end-game boss battle felt rushed stopped playing cause didn't want to go on rescue missions, bring me 10-50 bone or bars, and the mini-bosses that get stuck in the ground or are in a cage and then recruiting crew members who split like amoeba to ruin a ship crew experience.I had gotten back on due to new update made a fresh character and found that the ark portal was open and ester wanted me to do quest 1-100 of scanning, would make sense to have a actual fresh start instead of oh portal is open and all the quest characters are in there same places, found out still huge frame drops and un-optimized areas cloud trees, fog, rain, oh and the portal area near ester, I can play bl2 all high, saints row 4 all high and mount and blade all dlc's modded with increased battle numbers no frame drop.Also to add on to those fun tidbits while on the beginning planet I had to teleport 4 times to the planet cause it would port me back to ship with out warning, save quit come back and I can walk to beginner portal but then while building on a planet does same thing, and did same on my ship and on the ark while talking to ester which corrupted my save not a big deal due to was a new character, but be very cautious and back up your saves till problems are solved I'm giving a negative review and not to make people mad cause I did enjoy playing or I wouldn't of gotten as far in the game as I did."
,Not Recommended,211820,28587736,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Wolf,Got this to play with a friend and the lag is so strong neither of us can do anything. Waste of my 30$ AUD because I got it for both of us.
,Recommended,211820,33134227,Posted: 2 July,all,thginxaM,Four Pack = Value
,Not Recommended,211820,17029032,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,proxie,Game seems to be abandoned by devs
76561198121326423,Not Recommended,211820,18078793,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,M. Deboissque,"The game seems nice but way too buggy to be enjoyable. In 7.5 hours of game I have already lost all my saves twice.Would not recommend, play minecraft instead."
76561198077552012,Recommended,211820,14212915,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jade Lotus,No matter the bugs the crashes whatever happens I can not stop playing this game. My next adventure will be tree house home finding new and challenging planets. Dungeons and water planets are what keep me coming back for more. Soon I will have as many hours played in this game as Skyrim.
,Recommended,211820,24561290,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CircumSamurai,"Do you like Terraria?Do you like randomly generated envorinments/loot/enemies/etc.?Do you like fairly unique and charming sci-fi universes?Then you MAY like Starbound.Starbound has plenty of similarities to Terraria, but don't mistake it for a complete sequel/clone or anything. Starbound brings some new things to this fairly new 2D minecrafte-esque genre, like quests, your own spaceship, and a vast amount of randomly generated worlds opposed to Terraria's one world. This lends to somewhat better grinding for loot/resources, because you will be able to strip mine entire planets without remorse, and then move onto the next.You will take your ship from planet to planet, finding friendly NPC's to do simple quests for, finding loot and dungeons, and getting resources to improve your ship, gear or maybe town/city if building one interests you. You can customize the inside of your ship, which is very nice and lets you basically have a mobile home that you can take everywhere with you.The combat is one of the forefronts of Starbound instead of building, much like Terraria, but the combat is a bit different. It is clunkier, less robust, and takes getting used to depending on which weapons you use. I remember it being at least slightly better while in Early Access, so I'll have more thoughts in the section focusing more on negatives below.It has a lot more than I thought the game would ever have in it now that it is out of early access, (I didn't realize that they were still developing this game, I thought they gave up) and that is great. Singleplayer story, sidequests, city building, and upgrading everything is plenty to do along with the option of mods/Steam workshop. But even with some of the new content & other improvements, it still has it's issues...The planets themselves can feel very tiring after a while, as most tend to be very same-y with only different backgrounds or block-types. The random settlements and dungeons you can find help alleviate this, but once you start finding multiples of each settlement/dungeon, you will start getting tired of those too. This seems to be a problem with any type of randomly generated anything in games. It almost overcomes Terraria in its diversity of eploration & environment, but because the randomly generated things you explore are so disjointed and uncentralized, it leads to things becoming stale. The idea is in the right place in terms of interesting planet exploration, but it might not quite be there yet.The combat like I said before, is clunky. Some may like it better than Terraria's for some reason, but when it comes to Terraria, IMO, it has Starbound beat. Now that it's out of early access, I feel like I'm running into combat problems I didn't used to have. There's basically 3 types of melee weapons you'll find commonly: The big hammer that's fecking slow but does OK damage, the sword/spear wich is slow but does meh damage, and the smaller usually one handed daggers/swords/axes that are fast but do absolutely no damage. Some weapons, like some fist and dagger types, can only be used in a straight horizontal line in front of you. Why can't we point the dagger just like the spear?There's also gunplay, which is somewhat decent, but falls into the same main 3 types you'll find: Big slow rocket launcher that does OK damage, machine type guns that plinks with meh damage, and one handed guns that are fast but do no damage. There seems to be very little balance to your weapons that you find VS enemies, and I don't quite remember it being this way in Early Access.Also, combine this with how there seems to be some sort of singleplayer lag during combat, hitting enemies sometimes doesn't register until one second afterwards, and enemies de-spawning bodies will still fly towards you and take chunks out of your health even after their health hits 0.You just go through a lot of the game feeling underpowered against the seemingly easy monsters and baddies you go against. Whether your weapon is strong but slow, so you die, or fast but does no damage, so you die, it just feels like there could have been a much much better job balancing the weapons that you find.Now I always have a million critiques for any game I play, so whether or not Space Terraria with some problems sounds good to you, then go ahead, because it sounded good to me too. I still like the game despite its failings, and think that the exploration & grinding can be equated very similarly to an MMO type game. Overall, a lot of the quests, combat, and grinding makes this game feel almost like an MMO type game, so if you regularly grind quests and resources in those games (And like 2D sidescroller combat/mining) then you will probably like this game. If not, then Terraria is probably a bit more your speed."
76561198050723902,Recommended,211820,34912159,Posted: 12 September,all,reinheart0,great game
76561198115401315,Recommended,211820,10870269,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,El mexicaño chihuahua,"If you like terraria then youll love this game. Still in beta, and it is a HUGE sandbox, and if you buy it right now you will not only be getting a good game, but will be supporting the development of the game making it even BETTER!"
,Recommended,211820,9626098,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,✪ SaltY,This is a great game.  Graphics are amazing and fans of Terraria will love it.
,Recommended,211820,33165815,Posted: 2 July,all,DgUwLtB,"Starbound is unquestionably one of the top games that I have played, when it comes to sandbox style. This game offers a lot, like customizing items, customizing spaceship, wires, and freely customization of almost everything that you come across. Wiring is what's got my attention the most, Of course, there are plenty of games with this same functionality out there, yet this one has the best wiring system. As a big fan of Iron Man, this game suits it perfectly(no pun intended.) I myself have even built a suit with helmet colored in-game with available tools on the internet. You can install mods, which makes it more fun and playable(con: some won't work on some servers like ""macrochip and logic upgrades"" which is a must have) This game still wants improving; one of my ideas that I might as well write down here is allow us to code in game. I know I know allowing programming languages in a game is extremely threatening hence I propose you guys come up with a simple language something like SDL(Starbound language) or I don't know - I don't have a way with naming, but the point here is a language that you guys'd have total control over and we could use to code and save up some space without having to have millions of wiring lines across the rooms which are confusing sometimes"
,Recommended,211820,29065258,Posted: 6 January,all,ViKtOr™ csgonecro.com,Hello peolpe from steam in viktor and this game is one of there best that i played i like this game becouse it is fun with friends or by your self. The missons are fun and hard but fun. i play on unstable not there on there starbound starbound. my time on unstable is 37 play time even my friends start to say why you playing this game not that game and stuff like that. Im a big fan of this game and if there was more cool updates ill love it.Signed (>_<)ViKtOr™)>_<)
,Recommended,211820,19772471,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Flaif,"Despite what many people say, this game can give many, many hours of enjoyment despite it's state of early access. I am going to play through it many times and try to build better outposts and houses. And also while the devs were supposed to release it a while ago they still very actively update it. I have no doubt that this will eventually be fully released."
,Recommended,211820,13667823,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spork Dude,"I loved this game, and still do to a certain extent. When this game was first released in early access, I was immediately addicted. I loved the universe they made and it was fun and engaging. In fact, my only issue was perhaps the slight lack of content, they could have made a great game even better by merely adding stuff to do. The game was mostly devoid of updates until roughly a year later in which major changes were made, and not for the better.This game is still good, and still warrants a recommendation. However, in this review I want to address what went wrong between the early access release and the final release years later.1. The new hotbar simply sucks now. Before, all items on your hotbar were mapped to number keys 1-10. Now certain items like your mining tool and others have their own space assigned in the middle of the hotbar which cannot be mapped to a number key. So I have to scroll all the way down to it, preventing me from quickly swapping to and from it in battle.2. The planet system. You are now forced to play through a story mode to progress and unlock stuff, which makes the game quite linear. You can also no longer risk going to a more dangerous planet to get better loot. You have to beat one type of planet before you get the space suit upgrade to move on to the next, of which there are 5 that you unlock in order. You used to have a big range of difficulty levels and they could vary by type, biome, and difficulty, with the difficulty dictating the loot. Now the difficulty merely corresponds to the planet type, which has to be unlocked in order by playing the story. Hurts the ""open-worldness"" of the game and is much less fun.3. Certain really cool items can no longer be picked up and used for your structures, like the tesla spikes and saw blades.4. Mining sucks. In the original version, the matter manipulator was pretty much useless after getting pickaxes and drills, but this was ok. Now, you are forced to use of the matter manipulator for the entire game, but it's a horrible mining tool until much later on. You can still get pickaxes and drills but you can only find them in loot and they break very quickly. A strange change and a downgrade.5. Smelting no longer a thing. You merely craft smelted bars from raw ore at the crafting bench. This just seemed like a weird change to me and less fun.6. Loads of different crafting benches for different things, would have liked them separated by menu categories or something instead.7. They made a single planet type which is present in every system which you use to get fuel, instead of being able to find on any planet, in worse form on easy planets (coal) and in a better form in more difficult planets (plutonium). Now coal is pretty much useless. Another simplification that was not necessary.8. The tech system is now more linear, with you unlocking the different techs in order as you complete the story. No longer finding rare cool ones on remote planets. And many of the ones in the game now are not very useful.9. Random mini-dungeons. They are ridiculously common underground and their theme never seems to match the area. I would prefer larger, scarcer ones.There are lots of other minor nitpicks but these are the main changes that annoyed me. Many cool features were added but I don't understand why these other things had to suffer at the same time. Too much polishing on a game that merely lacked content.Early access score: 9/10Current score: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,13776456,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Space Dragon🚀,"It was enjoyable for the first few months of owning it the year of the initial release. I liked the customization, the races, the story and lore and the elemental weapons.In light of the Winter Update, which was re-named the winter unstable edition. I played the game again. The video promoting the update was full of hype, and it convinced me to play it again, and i was ready to binge on it.""PARRY FRAMES"" ""STAVES"" ""UPGRADABLE SHIP"" ""LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!""Then i launched Starbound.exeThat's when i realized that the promised content in the video wasn't even complete despite the release of the update, which was renamed unstable edition to cover for the fact it is indeed incomplete. Meanwhile their most popular hype video lacks a clarification on the actual release date of the winter update.Developers have a daily blog for it where they always show the fan base what they're working on, so that shows they haven't abandoned the project. Come time for release to the public, they seem to always fall short on what they claimed to be bringing to the dinner table, and the community backlashes them for it.What doesn't click with me is why they wait to release all of the content till one big event, yet fall short on that critical moment of revival of the game? What do they expect the fan base to do? They have a daily blog that proves they're not just leaving the game to rot, and it makes me feel ungrateful for saying they fall short, but what i feel is true. Do not make a video promoting a great list of things and promise it will be in this update then re-name the update unstable edition and change the goals  of the update itself. You can't make that critical moment a work in progress, when your whole game already is a WIP. For a long time now too.I'm certain this could be avoided if the Developers communicated better with their fan base, and were more honest about their limits and what they can and cannot do within a set period of time.Overall, it lowered my opinion in Early Access games and developers who work on these EA projects.Maybe someday they will get their things together and revive the game properly, but it seems like this Winter was just another swing and miss.Edit: Few typosNote to the readers: I see this review getting an unexpected number of views, this was really just meant to discourage anyone on my friends list who was curious. For so many people clicking the helpful or not helpful button, can you make a comment why? I'd like to see the opposite side of the argument, and I'd like to politely discuss our differences of opinion. Thank you."
76561198080974289,Not Recommended,211820,14168918,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Death & Cookies,just another early access game that gives early access a bad name
76561198048898004,Not Recommended,211820,13372177,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Issa Dog,"Although I enjoy this game, there isn't really much too offer really. Even though the gameplay is slightly lengthy, once you beat it once, there, again, isn't anything to do really other than restart it by making a new character. This game hasn't gotten a game changing update in a VERY long time. It is in Early Access, but I don't feel the developers have taken their time into making big changes into this game. Throughout time, this game will most likely get a big update that is very game breaking. But as of right now, I cannot recommend this game. The soundtrack is 11/10, but the game is about a 4/10. I have had this game for about a year now, and to this day, the game basically provides the same amount of gameplay when I downloaded it onto my PC. Although I have not too many hours as the rest of the people that have this game, I've beaten it twice now. Hopefully the winter update can help solve this."
,Not Recommended,211820,13304312,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,⌈※ΔRΞ∴⌋ DumbparameciuM,"Next time, try under promising and over-delivering."
,Not Recommended,211820,14019564,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Save Mr. Poopy Butthole <3,"A cool little title, with lots of promise. Unfortunately the devs seem preoccupied by adding in tiny yet apparently time consuming new systems and elements as opposed to working towards a version 1.0 product and adding in the superfluous extra details later."
,Not Recommended,211820,13132280,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,mince,Never would've believed this would be a scam.
,Not Recommended,211820,17091994,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Bruh,"Here are some reasons to buy this game- You are a hard core masochist, and enjoy pain inflicted on you.- You want your game to continually to crash on you.- You dont actually want a functioning game that doesnt corrupt your save files after hours of work.- You want to waste hours on something for nothing.- You are a degenerate gambler, who wants to roll the dice on your save file being corrupted.If you do not fit into any of these categories, then there is really no need to put yourself through pain that this game inflicts.10/10 Would crash again."
,Not Recommended,211820,14070912,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ohgoditburns,"Really doesn't seem like they have a good vision for how to make this game fun to play. It's a neat toy to fool around with for a few hours, but combat is tedious, progression is grindy, etc. A lot of mechanics in the game seem designed just to gate content for no reason other than to inflate gameplay time. To be fair, the story missions now are actually ok. They are kind of in the same vein as Rogue Legacy, but less fun.And they made it so the game launcher is counted by steam as hours played. Lots of people have inflated play times because of this."
,Not Recommended,211820,13962236,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,False God Meowcifer,"It's nice looking, has promising ideas, and I really like it, but in it's current state I'm going to be completely honest, it just doesnt add enough to be much other than Terraria with a spaceship as your hub between worlds instead of loading in from the menu. I've been playing nightly version, which does add a lot of neat features, but still, just get Terraria. The developers are working really hard on this game, but they have enough money to create it, it will just take a very long time. You shouldn't get this unless you really want to wait and watch new stuff come in very very slowly.As it stands, if you haven't already, play Terraria.If you have Terraria and loved it, and want more, get this when progression is completed in at least one path and theres actually some solid lines and quests through all the tiers.If you want the promissed intersteller epicness and creative ideas that are going to come out awesome, you'll have to wait a very long time before it finally gets interesting.Again, I love this idea, and the game, I just don't think it's worth buying at its current point.Otherwise, you probably will have an experience like mine, play for a while, have a bit of fun, and run out of things to do, quickly, and end up waiting for the next updates to roll around."
76561198162550273,Not Recommended,211820,13748000,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,sEnior sneak,...meh
76561198031334244,Not Recommended,211820,22788603,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,thankscomrade420,"I don't know how I played over 60 hours of this, but I mostly regret doing so. This game is broad without being deep. The mechanics are tedious and largely unrewarding. Also, I hope you like clicking and slowly mining away 2x2 sections of tiny blocks, because that's the only way to get off of the first planet, and it takes a long, long, long time."
,Not Recommended,211820,13279931,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,WhiteRuth,I would elaborate more but others have already done a good job at it.Do not buy.
76561197986758908,Not Recommended,211820,15507435,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,CoalApple,"I'm saddened to see that a game that has been in early access for over a year and VERY rarely gets patched has such a good rating. Like many, I bought this game after playing Terraria four hours upon hours. Starbound has now been over a year in early access, and still it hasn't been patched to where I though it would be when I bought it.The biggest problem with the game is that you need to clear bosses to unlock the new tier of items to craft. It means you farm around your planet, searching around. You keep gathering more and more resources but you have no way to use them. Finally when you kill the boss a new ""tier"" of crafting is unlocked. You automatically have everything you need to craft everything, except the boss-summon-item and then you're stuck again and have to unlock the new tier. It's hard to describe without actually playing the game, but it feels like you're limited in your gameplay and crafting. You can't venture to a higher tier area by mistake, you can't view what to craft possibly in the future.The game's money system and enemies need a lot of work. You can't sell anything which means your house if going to be filled with crates of useless stuff that you're too greedy to throw away.Basically the only thing it brings that terraria lacked, is that you can explore other planets than where you spawn easily and without logging off in between. But the planets are FAR less eventful than the world in terraria. The worlds in Starbound are empty with just minerals, dirt and stone in them. Sometimes you find a house, but there's no epic dungeons, nothing massive. And if you do find somesort of a building on a planet, 95% of the time it's the only one on that planet.I'm saddened to see that a game that has been in early access for over a year and VERY rarely gets patched has such a good rating.What the game lacks is the possibility to skip tiers if you're skilled enough. Also it lacks events, like it could use a mix of pre-made planets. FE. imagine a city planet with a beginning and an end, and even possibly a story. Just someway to make it feel like you were in this massive work, other than an endless game of empty planets, no lore and no other life than you."
76561198093889624,Recommended,211820,13069891,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Golden God,"While it is still early-ish in its development, Starbound is a wonderful game that appeals to a players sense of creativity, adventure, and imagination. The developer Chucklefish is still active in making and updating the game, and I wouldn't say it would be a bad idea to wait for the game to come further along before buying it, but even as it is, Starbound is a wonderful game with a humongous amount of potential."
,Not Recommended,211820,12926413,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,tito dick dickman baby,"EDITI refunded this garbage and made a forum thread exposing the HOAXThread was locked, then deleted and i was permabaanned for an insuffficent rreasonnhttp://puu.sh/qwJoa/9f02901bae.pngTerraria rip-offMuch hype♥♥♥♥loads of promisesResult - lots of planets, that just have different skins. Combat system is♥♥♥♥♥♥ No balance. Buy terraria instead.Bought it just after release on steam, nothing changed since then.Update 1its still early accessi suggest suicidei want my money backand the time i wastedbut oh well so much a filthy goyim can gethttp://puu.sh/o1cuD/21d851c941.jpgliterally thisit has no developerUpdate 23 years have passed, nothing changedThe jews just slapped 1.0 lable on it so people keep buying this aids and stop complaining about it being an unfinished piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥HOAXThey kept adding half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥features that are all broken or don't fit into the game, instead of fixing issues this game had for yearsIt just has more bugs, that's allOnly people playing it are furriesAnd their scapegoat is that people still hate this game JUST BECAUSE IT WAS BAD SOMETIME AGOBut it's still bad and I still want my money backIt's unoptimized, runs and controls like♥♥♥♥♥♥ digging will make you wanna kill yourselfAlso gotta love 500mb small bugfixesCombat is still disgustingGuns still deal NO DAMAGE (a ♥♥♥♥ing spear does 5 times more damage and pierces enemies and has a larger hitbox)♥♥♥♥ you kikele♥♥♥♥"
76561197979330857,Recommended,211820,13094111,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Propagandist,The 1.0 release has really brought the game together.I'm looking forward to spending a lot more time in the game.
76561198134927889,Recommended,211820,13135671,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,G.Hemza,"Fun game, but lacks support from the devs. Sure they come out with Nightly builds (If you can get on it without it crashing in 5 seconds).Update Starbound already enough of this nightly horse @#$%!If anything play it for its immersive and fantastic soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,211820,13844494,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Tucco,"There's two elements of game here Progression and Exploration. Progession through the game is made of digging for enough ore to build the next upgrade to the crafting tables, then making the approperite gear and then defeating a boss. At no point is nessicary or even benefitial to make a 'home' you can simply carry all the devices and items you need in your inventory and delpoy them on the ground where you are at. Exploration is merely just running blind across the map until you run into something. There is no hint or method to planet layout to show if or where something might be. There's no real game here, nothing that builds up anything near a challenge and definitely not anything that will make you go 'that's really cool' This last update 'up-beat giraffe' has does nothing to expand the actual content of the game and is likely the relative end of the development of the game minus a few balancing iterations. I don't know what the people of Chuckfish think they have made here. Yes you can spend hundreds of hours running around finding a bunch of unconnected things but it feels like a collection of mods for a game than actually being a part of a cohesive game."
,Recommended,211820,24469534,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,▲IDTRBT▲,"The most fun game I have played in a long time.The art and story is amazing, definitely would recommend this game"
,Not Recommended,211820,13963086,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Feltgreat,I'm sick and tired of the game crashing and after every update losing everything I have worked for.
,Recommended,211820,16688882,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,RADKILLA[420],"WOW great job developers!Every time i play you made improvements and keep putting cool new interesting things into this already great game.this game is 10X better than when i bought this almost 2 years ago.now i get a pet in my ship?!thats sooo awesome,im not lonely flying to far off distant planets anymore.you really made a master piece of a average humble game.truely THANK-YOU! keep up the good work.           signed: a loyal life time fan.most of my hours are offline ,bout 300hrs .just so ya know.             great to play at my camp:)all alone.thanks again.I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TO ANY FAN OF A SIMILAR GENRE:)"
,Not Recommended,211820,14025024,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,FalloutBoi,Oh its 1.0 now sweet wait no more random generated cool stuff well wheres the fun in that???
,Not Recommended,211820,22572329,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Kythos,"It pains me to write a negative review for this game, however it may be important for others to know that the game may not work for you.I bought it and launched it and apparently some assets were missing and thus the game crashed as I tried to teleport down onto the planet.I'm excited to have it come out of early access! And hopefully grab it and have it work well."
76561198043904122,Recommended,211820,13338678,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Fiery Tybalt,"Starbound is a very fun game, and one that is currently undergoing a lot of development to help move it out of early access.  Because of this, Starbound shouldn't be critisized too harshly.  As well, every Friday (via the nightly version under properties), one can play along with the VERY new updates and bugs that come with them.  Personally, I am glad i bought starbound, for if you like Terraria (or that other take-off of Terraria in space [hell, i haven't even played that, but it looks similar]), then this game is for you.I absolutely guarantee it.110%P.S.- Guarantee void if you bought the game or are currently reading this part (yes, I mean YOU!)."
,Not Recommended,211820,22742365,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,L Chapo,"Might be worth buying after 1.0, but I doubt it."
,Not Recommended,211820,17755117,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,cookie,"Sadly i cannot recommend this item anymore.Starbound used to be amazing when it first started. Grinding mini bosses for epic weapons, putting together a robot boss, the old bone dragon. it was all just so perfect. I played it for easter vacation from highschool in 2013. it was one of my best easters ever. The game changed since then ofcourse but in my opinion, not for the better. They removed the minbosses or made them very rare. The gear changed alot now as well, there isnt even gold or platinum anymore!Q.Q i just played 11.2 hours in the past 2 weeks and in that time i beat the game. Ive only ever beaten it twice so once in alpha and once in beta. The game just changed so much i don't like the way it turned out. Too much classic stuff was removed. In my entire playthrough 2 days ago i have not found more than 3 rares. Like where the heck are all the legendaries? And galaxies... theres no more alpha/beta/delta sectors. That was so sweet killing dreadwing and getting a molten core, crafting that one metalworks station, then proceed to better stuff. Now you craft it with, i think titanium? ither that or steel. And no boss killing required. The campaign is more or less ""take this quest, go here to finish it. you finished it? yay. now go get me this."" IT'S SO REPETITIVE! Also the old damage system was amazing, i remember getting a legendary gun that dealt 9k damage. Best thing ever. Now the best item you will find is at tops 50-60 damage. Ugh man as of august 28th i can no longer recommend this game.FINAL VERDICT: 6/10... Sorry chucklefish. Your intro screen may be adorable. But the amount of content that WAS epic, and removed from alpha. Is not.If you are like me and prefer a more expansive item amount and gear, check out terarria. If you are looking for a more quest sort of style, and a variety of worlds, id say buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,13128949,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,WobbenBuffet,basically terraria in space but still pretty damn awesome
,Not Recommended,211820,13397870,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,ParadiseMantis,"Terraria is better, more functional, coded well, and isn't run by a♥♥♥♥♥♥dev team.2/10, buy Terraria."
,Not Recommended,211820,13978735,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Elery--彩笔抢毛中啊,"No idea what I need to do. it takes like forever to get a block, an ore, or even a tree(at the begining about 20 seconds per tree i guess). I feel regret buying such a game which makes me sleepy.I followed the quests, which is boring and I was at the phase of struggling to survive, then I was asked to make a strange item, which later turned out to be a boss. ARE U KIDDING ME? A BOSS? why at the begining?The graphics of this game is also bad, compared to other pixel games. It is way worse than Terraria and I would say if you have played Terraria, you definitely will feel disappointed about Starbound."
,Not Recommended,211820,16942941,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Guywars,"I want to recommend this game but i can't.It has been in Early Access for way too much time now. The game is a lot of fun, it's not bad at all and it reminds (of course) of Terraria.And that's the main problem. Why did this game become famous back in 2013? Because everyone was like:""OMG this is the new and improved Terraria!!""Now we're in 2015 and what's the situation? The game is still in EA (devs post screenshots of their work every 2-3 days on their site but it's really minor stuff for the most part) and received a couple of big updates that added some stuff but in the meantime Terraria got 2 HUGE updates, basically becoming a whole new game. God, even Terraria: Otherworld (the new Terraria game that is being worked on) might even come out BEFORE Starbound gets out of Early Access and that would be really really ironic.So there's really no point in playing Starbound in this state (unstable, your world and character may be wiped out at any time) over Terraria. Here you have less bosses, less weapons (they're also less fun to use), less improved combat and AI, less stuff underground. But you do have infinite planets to discover and that's a big thing, but nothing more. Building a house is pointless, at least for now and the monsters are all the same, they only change skin, they all act the same way.I hope that in the future the situation changes since i really like this game, as i said, it's really good and has a lot of potential.But i don't want to recommend it from a moral point of view. Hurry up."
,Recommended,211820,7948955,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,YamyyYamyy,Зашел в игру спустя год - не узнал игру.Такие дела.
76561198066156306,Recommended,211820,24462407,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Legend27,found a instrumentspend 3 hours on the web searching for good tunes to playspend 30 minutes testing them in gamespend 15 hours searching for music again :Dnice game!
76561198018973685,Not Recommended,211820,14234471,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Frox,"Maybe the game will finish before I die of old age. But it doesn't matter. I have waited so long to play this and it is still a shell of empty promises. At least when I bought this last year I could play it and see what they are trying to do. Since the recent ""stable"" winter update it just crashes immediatly. A game that was promised to released 2 years ago.Even if it finished tomorrow I wouldn't play it out of spite, I feel insulted and I feel foolish for buying ""early access"".The progress they have made is pathetic, companies with full time employees can have a game from the white board to 1.0 in less time. They're not even trying and it's clear they do not care. Chucklefish have essentially conned me and many others. I was skeptical about ""early access"" games, pre-orders as well. This experience has cemented my feelings on that.where do I sign up for the class action. I want my money back, they have stolen millions."
76561198110254572,Not Recommended,211820,13348417,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Seeker,The game was decent and had lots of bugs but was ok for a beta. Also need a better story line and more quests.
,Not Recommended,211820,13400115,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Satoshi Nakamoto,"Do not buy this trash. The game is fun for about an hour before you realize it is a boring piece of crap. Couple that with lack of update spells doom for this title. Terraria is a much better game, get that instead. Do not waste your money."
,Not Recommended,211820,15452935,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Sgt_Snow,"As a big fan of Terraria, I was very disappointed in this game. It all seems painfully underdeveloped, and every time I try to come back to this game, I find out that the devs haven't really added anything new or improved the issues that already exist. Which would be understandable... If this were a finished game. But it isn't, and devs are just dragging their feet. My advice is stick to Terraria, which is much more fun, and frankly, wayyyyy less boring."
76561198010956699,Recommended,211820,14452565,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Zags The Unseen,Amazing game i will play this for months and always return.
76561198021185376,Not Recommended,211820,13838891,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,djwackfriz,"While it starts off as a great idea, this game is basically a minecraft clone with inferior controls. I was hopelessly bored with it after about an hour. Nothing new here, at least not yet..."
76561198125321022,Not Recommended,211820,24136993,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Squamousness,"Let me preface this by saying that if you are a newcomer to this game, you will probably enjoy it.HOWEVERFor an old player like me, this whole ordeal has been nothing but a slap in the face. The developers have completely ignored the community and took Starbound in a direction nobody wanted and nobody expected. We paid for one game and ended up with something entirely different from what was promised. Maybe the different game is good on its own, but the fact remains that a huge portion of Chucklefish's customers were decieved and manipulated.If you weren't part of the people who got ripped off and only just found out about this game, then maybe you'll enjoy it. Just keep in mind that the developers do not run an ethical company, and you might get scammed yourself in the future."
,Not Recommended,211820,14077234,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,♥Chullet♥,why is this still early access...
,Not Recommended,211820,14205426,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,lechien82895,"Last update was in Summer 2014, it is now January 2015, will likely never be finished, okay in it's current state, but lacking in areas where other games in the genre excel. Some decent mods, but most of them cause issues with servers. Devs/Community have given up on this game.4/10 - Decent as is, but unlikely to ever be finished or remembered.Edit: How interesting, within 24 hours the game finally gets an update. Will update again to see if it changes my opinion, still a negative that it took over 6 months for an update though, pretty sure the community died."
,Not Recommended,211820,14183928,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Clump,♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME
,Recommended,211820,21933166,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Gemah ~ Suddenly Doggo,"Where to begin? Starbound was initially Terraria 2.0, with procedurally generated worlds and much more biomes and settings. Each race was unique with their own traits and differences that made it a fun game. However as updates rolled in the game started to be changed in questionable ways, making it less fun and more generic. Suddenly the only point to check worlds was to see if you could find some unique dungeon or mini-biome, but now it can't even be guaranteed you'll find any of that.The main problem is that Starbound tried to be too different from its ""predecessor"" too soon and that turned to be a frustrating experience for devs and players alike. Revealing biomes, npcs, enemies and items that are too advanced for players that just started. It used to be common for first timers to spawn on desert or arid planets devoid of any plants, making it impossible to progress due to the lack of wood.Also the fact that some updates used to break down the progress on characters from earlier versions. During one update the ship closet simply disappeared with most of my items, which turned me off from the game for quite a few months.The quest update and colony update are the main redeeming qualities from this game, because it allows for them to be more interesting than other 2D sandbox titles (in some aspects, at leas) but it still has a long way to become the game it intended to be.I recommend this gameconsidering that you like the genre, have some people to play with or at least enjoy fantasizing about the characters you create or meet in game.Elsebuy it on a sale.TL;DR Is a game with a great potential that is somewhat wasted due to how things were managed by the devs. Regardless it is worth a try, but is not a game I see myself playing for long periods of time unless if with other people."
,Recommended,211820,19082300,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,hotziggity,Here is what I did in this game:Joined roleplay serverAsked to be boyfriendnope.avidecides to ruin roleplay insteadgets kickedrejoinsroleplaysgets boredplays singleplayerrealises how boring single player isgoes back to roleplayingrepeats process10/10
76561198056791961,Recommended,211820,24469514,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Inksy,this is such an amazing game.. i can always come back to it after putting it down and enjoying it thuroughly.. theyeve always updated it in a timely manner and made it such a gem in a mass amount of games out there
,Not Recommended,211820,13341655,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Hummer♛ ♥ ҉҈҉,the Game is Dead no more updates.
,Not Recommended,211820,13365342,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,RIEMANNULUS,"F****ED ME, WHEN YOU GUYS UPDATE THIS S**T"
76561197971824695,Recommended,211820,14218884,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Dr. ThrillBot,"Bottom line is this game is fantastic.  Even in it's current state.  I know it's been taking them too long to finish, however for $17 I feel I have recieved my money's woth of game.  I enjoy coming back to Starbound when they add a major patch, making the game even better and look forward to the eventual full release which I will play again."
,Not Recommended,211820,14206508,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,massdev,"Complete Sham. Do not buy. Instead support active devs that really value community feedback and don't exploit and pervert early access. Took the money and funded office relocation to what was it London? Never mentioned that in the development promises that have been stripped from the offering in this eternal development ponzi scheme. For shame, never trust a Chucklefish promise, ethically and morally bankrupt. Last Stable Update? Next Stable Update? Tragic."
76561198156914246,Recommended,211820,13025766,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,DeadEndRoad,"This is a very enjoyable game, It has 70+ hours of gameplay at the point it is already at and I am still finding new stuff to see. While the development team have been slow to bring out updates they are still working on this and have lots of stuff coming up. The reviews saying this has been abandoned clearly do not follow the news on this game and people complaining the game feeling unfinished is because it is unfinished this is still in beta which people seem to have forgotten. I could not recommend this game high enough it has plenty to offer to thought's who want adventuring over new lands or thought's looking to build there own settlement."
76561198058469132,Not Recommended,211820,14277043,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mud Jamalalfons Bepis,"Early Access...I'm sure this game will be good once they actually decide to finish this overhyped mess, but until then don't touch this piece of software. It's been over a year since it's ""release"" and barely anything has changed! It still feels like a giant beta-test for terraria in space. Shame on the developers for expecting 15 bucks for a barely functional steaming mess of a game with virtually no content to enjoy. Now they have their money, so why should they EVER finish it?! The people who would buy it, already bought it, so theres no point for the devs in working on this pile of pixelated ♥♥♥♥♥♥.Don't buy until it's finished! BLEH!"
76561198062537529,Not Recommended,211820,16516272,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,orange.wk,Still in Early Acess!Totally Ridiculous.まだアーリーアクセスって本気なのか
,Not Recommended,211820,22229233,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Lily Sempai,"I thought Starbound was going to be another version of adventurous 8bit rpg game like Terraria. But sadly, it's worse, the pace felt slow, and seems the content or exploration was limited when it comes to generating large maps or such. However, it does support modding guns, weapons, accessories and all sorts of items and tools. Especially for those that like to be social and trollish, but i find it, it's mostly full of kids. The game is also still in early access, they'll probably never finalize it. Good luck to anyone that continues or wants to play it, i'll stick with Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,13172795,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[TAL] Wi fye / ShakeSpears,"Similar to Terreria except inspace with numerous worlds to explore. Game is not finished but more than palyable. Recommended for those who like Terreria for sure.There are currently various issues that most detest but in the end, this game is enjoyable when played with friends and even strangers as a TEAM."
76561198046476516,Recommended,211820,24549661,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Phantasm,Thought it's just a clone of Terraria at first. I was wrong.
,Recommended,211820,10108618,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,kmart halloween flashgame season,Boy: NoGirl: Do u even want to be with me forever?Boy: NoGirl: Do u even like me?Boy: NoGirl: Would u cry if i walked away?Boy: NoShe heard enough and was hurt... She walked away with tears in her eyesThe boy grabbed her armBoy: Your not pretty...your beautifulBoy: I dont want to be with u forever...I need to be with u foreverBoy: I dont like u...I love uBoy: I wouldn't cry if u walked away......I would die if u walked away.Boy Whispers: Plz stay with meGirl: I will...*Tonight at midnight your true love will realize she/he loves u*Something good will happen to u at 1-4pm*Tomorrow it could be anywhere!!!*Get ready for the shock of your life!*If u dont post this to 5 other comments... You will have back luck in relationships for the next 10 years
76561198046324523,Recommended,211820,24542683,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Joruzhia,░░█▀░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀███████░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░███████▌░░░█░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░████████░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀██████▌░░░▌▄███▌░░░░▀████▄░░░░▀████▌░░▐▀▀▄█▄░▌░░░▄██▄▄▄▀░░░░████▄▄░▐░▀░░═▐░░░░░░══░░▀░░░░▐▀░▄▀▌▌▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀░▀░░▌▌▐░░░▄▀░░░▀░▌░░░░░░░░░░░░▌█░▌▌░▌░░▀▀▄▄▀▀▄▌▌░░░░░░░░░░▐░▀▐▐░░▌░░▌░▄▄▄▄░░░▌░░░░░░░░▐░░▀▐░░░█░▐▄██████▄░▐░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▀░░░▐░▌▌░░░░░░▀▀▄▐░░░░░░█▌░░░░░░░░█░░▄▀▀▀▀▄░▄═╝▄░░░▄▀░▌░░░░░░░░░▌▐░░░░░░▌░▀▀░░▄▀░░▐░░░░░░░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░░░░█░░░░░░░░░░▄█▄▄▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░░▌▌░░░░░░░░▄▀▌▀▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▄░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░░░░▄▀░░▌░▀▄░░░░░░░▌█▄▄▀▄░░░░░░▄▀░░░░▌░░░▌▄▄░░░▄▐██████▄▄░▄▀░░▄▄▄▄▌░░░░▄░░░▄▌████████▄▄▄███████▌░░░░░▄░▄▀░██████████████████▌▀▄░░░░▀░░░█████▀▀░░░▀███████░░░▀▄░░░░░░▐█▀░░░▐░░░░░▀████▌░░░░▀▄░░░░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░▐░░▀▀█░░░░░░░▀░░░░░░▐░░░░▌░░░▐░░░░░▌░░░░░░░░╔╗║░╔═╗░═╦═░░░░░╔╗░░╔═╗░╦═╗░░║║║░║░║░░║░░░░░░╠╩╗░╠═╣░║░║░░║╚╝░╚═╝░░║░░░░░░╚═╝░║░║░╩═╝░But It should have more variety in random generation and your ship should be fully modable and you also should be able to buy and customize new ships etc. Also if there would be some kinda  faction system and better trading + controllable space ship and some sort of minigames it would be really cool!
,Recommended,211820,15316671,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Tehfancy,"This game is awesome! I love it, but unfortunately you will expect minor crashes and bugs. I have experienced just 2 crashes only but other than that I'm doing just great! You can explore new Galaxies... Stars and more! Each galaxy has there own solar system and there is a lot of stars I can tell from that have their own system if you can just zoom into it! I plan to explore ALL OF THEM... or get bored... xD But hey! This game is fun and brings out the adventure. Challenge: Complete all the quests, visit all the planets and upgrade everything and your ship :). Just note this is still in BETA."
76561198098630150,Recommended,211820,21926598,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,LuxNull,"I absolutely adore this game, but looking at the Steam reviews I found many negative comments. If I were you, I'd ignore them.This game, even in just its early access stages, is almost too much fun. If you liked Terraria but found that you had little to do once you got the endgame armors and stuff, then you'll probably love this game even more. There are so many things to do, even after collecting all of the gear you want. With a vast and highly explorable universe, you will never run out of room to play around in this game. You are never limited to one world, and each world has a new thing to offer the player. While some may say that the game isn't worth the money that is being asked for it, I'd say that $15 was barely a dent in my pocket when faced with this great game.This game has a multiplayer function, but it requires port-forwarding at the time of writing this. This is probably my biggest concern with the game right now, as there are likely many people who want to play this multiplayer but don't know how to port-forward. Luckily, there are some alternatives to this, and one could easily find a tutorial online. I have to say that it is very much worth it to have the multiplayer working, as this game only gets better with friends.Keep in mind as well that this game is in early access. The current build, which is amazing on its own, doesn't fully represent how much better this game could become in the future. When you get this game, it comes with an unstable build that you can use to play around with features no built into the Stable version yet, which is also pretty cool.Final Verdict: Get the game and play it with some friends"
76561198143752786,Not Recommended,211820,14038943,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,billfrid,"Although there is very good gameplay, it will get boring over time. Multiplayer is also hard to access."
,Not Recommended,211820,13929787,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Yes,"DO NOT BUY THIS, not yet at least...My honest opinion about this game is:I want my money back, I haven't even played 30 minutes but nothing really works.This is not ready for early access.I really wish there was more server support. I hate to compare, but other games had server support even when they were in beta."
,Not Recommended,211820,18228683,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Zogger568,"I'm not sure if I should recommend this game. I enjoyed it, that much is for sure.I liked this better than Terraria, I know that's considered a sin, but it's true. The controls are simpler, I can start building right away. Granted it takes forever and its a good idea to get improved tools, but I can start building right away. After the latest add-ons, the introduction missions are much much better.But there's a big issue at the core of this game. Bad managing and eternal beta status aside, its in the core of this game.One you get fuel for your spaceship, which you will after less than 20 hours of playtime, the game is over.Its over, you might as well uninstall the game.This is because since you can go to any star system, any planet, any place in the galaxy you want at any given time, you have no reason to invest in a certian planet. Whats the point of building a fortress if I can just go to another, less dangerous planet at any time?The fact you can build crafting tables in your ship doesn't help the matter, further reducing the need to invest in planets.On the surface, the game is great. Great soundtrack, great art direction, an interesting mythos and lore.But after you get your ship working, whats the point? Why fight monsters if you can just beam up at anytime to the safety of your ship? why build a bed and a house with a fireplace if you aren't forced to eat, sleep, or take shelter? You're not punished for not eating or sleeping, so how can this be a roleplaying game?It really hurts me to write a negative review over this game."
,Recommended,211820,17155328,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Paskaloth,"This is one of my favorite sandbox games, the farming, building and travel between planets is all great fun and I've spent a lot of hours through many versions exploring this game.  I recommend it to anyone who is a fan of other free roam, sandbox games."
76561198030598611,Not Recommended,211820,13349764,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,-=WavE=-,The BIG update coming soon.....
76561197963619920,Not Recommended,211820,13919031,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Dr. Greenthumb,avoid
76561198070154493,Recommended,211820,20544261,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Lt. Semaj,"Pros:- Decent Graphics- Interesting way of harvesting recources ; You no longer need a axe, pickaxe, hammer, ect.- QUESTS!! Quests were you can fight bosses, get loot, and get good rewards.- Really good soundtrack- The pretty much infinite universe- THE WAY THE TREES FALL!!!  In most survival games trees fall right on top of you, but not in this game, in this game,       the trees fall realisticly!!!- Gun and Weapon stats have detailCons:- No map (even for individual planets) so you have no idea where you have been.- The enemies tend too be adorable and huggable (I literely was killed by one with a BOW on its head!) so they don't look like enemies.-The start-up menu takes a long time too load.REALLY cool, one of my favorie games. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,20921897,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Sodium_Hypochlorite1729,"This is my favorite game... for obvious reasons... and I highly recommend it. The combat, gameplay, soundtrack, and boss fights are fun and compelling. There's not a lot yet but IT'S A FREAKING BETA GAME! I personally love it."
,Recommended,211820,24559371,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Vice♥,"Loving the game and the soundtrack.Lots of stuff you can do and you can invite and play with your friends, which makes it even better.To build and design a house, place furniture and decorate the house is something i like. You can go on adventures, travel from planet to planet with your ship. You can also decorate your ship, make it bigger and recruit a crew.Pixel games are so damn good.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,14215763,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chriiispy,"Great music, awesome graphics, very large world. May not update as fast as some wish, but I'd still recommend. Really fun with friends."
,Recommended,211820,14218858,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,bpdjblue,"I honestly do not understand all the thumbs down. This game has tons of potential.Although it is a terreria look alike it is much more than that, it involves space exploration with hundreds of planets to explore and resources to extract.They just released a huge update too so people should NOT be complaining about the devs not paying attention and finishing the game. They are working on it and this huge update PROVES they are.If you like sandbox survival games such as minecraft and terreria, this is their love child. Enjoy."
76561198093612295,Recommended,211820,21836687,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,LegoTomTom,can you add so you can play with your frends a esar to do and all the reast of the game is good.
,Recommended,211820,21836097,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Meowker the Pony,A nice little mix of Minecraft and Terraria while still being different enough from both to be an original game.
76561197974781828,Not Recommended,211820,13050514,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,splift,Do you want to pay 17 dollars to devs who talk big and never deliver? If so this is the game for you.If you actually want to play a sandbox style metroidvania with crafting elements thats actually good then Terraria is the game to play.Stay away from this♥♥♥♥♥♥scam/10
76561198036545486,Recommended,211820,17478302,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,A Gamer,I love this game
,Not Recommended,211820,13595052,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Screaming Biologists (yelphin),"Early access, more like 'got your money, never gonna patch again sucka'. At least my cash went to phil fish's DJing career."
,Recommended,211820,17102154,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Tequila Revolver,"I love this game. I've played Minecraft, Terraria, and now Starbound.I love ease of use of this game.I love the objects and ability to just pickup and go to another planet.I love other planets. Minecraft had portals and that felt like a different planet sometimes.I love the musical items and integrating midi-like files to play ""Never Gonna Give You Up"" while teammates are digging for resources.I love the art style.I love fighing my way through a prison facility on some random planet.I love the controls that just work. Terraria has you click on doors, where you hit ""e"" to open a door in Starbound.I dislike the combat style, as it feels lighter than Terraria and Minecraft. Hostile NPCS are generally easy to kill and have poor combat skills. There are nowhere the numbers of enemies like Terraria has.I hate the boss battles. a couple of them were challenging, but others were a breeze. Terraria has EPIC boss battles.I hate how easy it can be sometimes, as the quests seem simple and resources can seem too plentiful.I've been playing Terraria 1.3 and it has a lot of great stuff. However, i still find myself coming back to Starbound and wanting to explore."
,Not Recommended,211820,21787173,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Grinch,HOW THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THIS GAME NOT DONE YET?!?!?!?!
,Not Recommended,211820,21859375,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,TurncoatPilot,"Let me start by saying: ILOVEStarbound. I spent weekends playing this game with friends, exploring new biomes, and I even have a few Starbound OCs. The only problem is, the tasks become mundane and boring after a while. Chucklefish took a nearly infinite randomly generated universe and oversimplified it, putting in set monsters and weapons set to certain biomes, and made the weapons unrealistic and much too colorful, even by its own standards. What was once a mystery to explore what was on the planet has become dig, dig, find ores, maybe find a dungeon from time to time, repeat. The game has become boring. What was once a nearly complete game has been in early access for years, with little to no updates in between. If Starbound could become what it once was again, I would love to get back into my save files and get playing."
,Recommended,211820,14751744,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,spockdata,"I love this game. I highly recommend it. Its worth way more than $15 imo. If you like platformers you will like this. If you like rpgs you will probably like this. If you like crafting components you will like this. It has significant amounts of each of those components. Also if you like to explore you will definitely love this game. You never know what you'll find next. I've played for over 100 hours and I still have those ""Awesome!"" moments when I find a dungeon, village, etc. Theres really too much content in this game to list. There are an infinite number of weapons to get with all kinds of different effects like poison, knockback, stuff like that. There are a bunch of different types of both melee and ranged weapons like 1 handed swords and shields, 2 handed hammers, spears, shotguns, assault rifles, crossbows, sniper rifles, and even more stuff I didn't list. That gives you a wide range of options on how you want to pursue combat. If you think you'll like the game, chances are you probly will. I knew almost nothing about the game when I bought it. It looked cool and sounded cool so i figured it was worth giving a shot. I am so glad i bought it. I had no idea that I would enjoy it as much as I do. Hopefully this review is helpful to someone. Good luck to you all. Live long and prosper."
76561198134189913,Recommended,211820,13079794,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,DragonDookie,I like it becuse its like terraria but in space so i recommend it and terraria
,Recommended,211820,13055730,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Anlingus,"I like this game, I REALLY like this game, but the reviews here are ignoring quite a few facts when they say the devs have given up on this game. We get nightly builds which get updated either every night or every other night. These arent main game updates(because all of the things in the nightlys are buggy as all) but the devs are working on the game for sure. Right now there isnt as much in the way of content(in the main game) the devs announced recently(3 days ago) that the game will be updated soon. If you get this game and feel the devs are off having a circle jerk without you, go get cubeworld and see how you feel on that♥♥♥♥♥♥ the devs there are having an endless circle jerk with a side of Anlingus."
,Recommended,211820,24456310,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lokirio,"Just a heads up; I've sunk 169* hours into Terraria, so I can tell you that this game is simply... Amazing. At 6PM GBT tonight, this game leaves beta. I've loved this since my first swing of a weapon. You find civilisations, temples, and even prisons in your planets, which are in a randomly generated infinite universe, which, surprisingly, loads pretty fast. Find fuel, beat bosses, loot places, duel wield weapons, such as daggers, axes, swords, shields, and even gauntlets! Every two-handed weapon has a special ability, and your mining tools are very simple to use but fun. Explore the universe, become stronger, do quests, anything is possible in this amazing game!Edit: Ran into a few glitches. Lost my backups but this is actually good, because it means I can get back into this game! Still love it. Update: My new favourite game. THREE CHEERS TO CHUCKLEFISH, FOR ONE OF THE BEST GAMES I'VE EVER SEEN! Seriously, so far the only good thing about 2017 has been starbound updates.*as of the last day of Starbound's beta.I love this game! Download it, you won't regret it!What are you waiting for?Okay, enough. Go get the game."
76561198115335216,Recommended,211820,21972292,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Puchor,"This game is very fun and to me, it's aestheticly pleasing. There are tons of planets to explore plus there are tons of weapons with cool abilities which makes you want to explore all the time. The tech ablities make you feel cool and like a space solider or whatever. The enemies look cool and have unique abilities but sometimes can just be annnoying to fight and it's not always fun. The enviroment looks awesome as well as the little critters you see walking around. There are some downsides though like the quests which are just an absolute grind and stop you from exploring right off the bat. They make you do these annoying missions like ""Go fetch me a cake"" which requires ingredients which are impossible to find and derives a lot of the fun from the game. I don't want to have to do these really annoying missions to be able to explore more planets. Micro dungeons are pretty cool and they make the enviroment come to life but there's never any loot in it which isn't that bad. Some cool things to see in this game would be spaceship combat and randomly generating abandoned ships in space you can explore with loot and maybe they have aliens on it. I love the new updates honestly and I don't get what all the fuss is about. I recommend you buy this game but don't if you have another game you've had in mind for a while. It's really fun if you don't mind going through some quests."
76561198068499379,Recommended,211820,23689934,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DLBULL,"I really enjoyed this game with my friends, the space exploration adds so much. I will say the Wiki for this game is outdated, and sometimes inaccurate. Even though the game isnt finished I still enjoyed it alot, and cant wait for the coming updates.Pros-Space exploration-Fluid cobat-Fluid building-lots of wepon possibilities-So many creaturesCons-Not finished (obviosly)-Wiki inaccurate"
76561198116693035,Not Recommended,211820,17726163,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,egas01,the game will not run!! i have java version 60 and its dwnloaded ive tried redownloading and it still doesnt work >:(
,Recommended,211820,13580844,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,ADDICTED to Judge Judy,"starbound? more like starBONDAGE. JUST READING THE TITLE IMMEDIATELY REMINDED ME OF THE DOMESTIC ABUSE NOVEL ""50 SHADES OF ----"" (CENSORED TO PREVENT TRIGGERS) I FEEL LIKE THROWING UP I CANNOT BELIEVE HOW MUCH THIS GAME SUPPORT DIMENTIONAL VIOLENCE PLEASE CHECK YOUR PRIVILEGE AND DONT BUY THIS GAME"
76561198118625625,Recommended,211820,12113119,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,fourthwallind,"Starbound is currently my favorite game. I can't see why people hate it or dislike it. There is nothing to be dissapointed in. I don't know what people are dissapointed in, but in my experience, I saw an incredibly diverse and breathtaking game, with more planets than you could ever explore, more rare items than you could ever collect, and more lore and journals to ever piece together the whole story! In this game, I saw an intricate story that slowly pieced itself together, and the more pieces of the puzzle you collected, the more you could put together and realize how perfectly woven together it was. In this game, I saw so many different pieces of armor and clothing, everyone could make their own unique look AND have powerful armor underneath, so you can be powerful and choose anything you want to wear! I saw a plethora of weapons with different effects, dual wielding, and masses of different tools and collectable abilities, so each could create their own fighting style! I saw so many characters, accesories and personalities that you could make your character truly your own. This, without a doubt, is the best game I have EVER played! So what are you waiting for? Go out there and get starbound!No hate please."
76561198043087785,Not Recommended,211820,16543480,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,SamzillaVanilla,Bad
,Not Recommended,211820,14254743,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Dear Juliet,I just got the game and it wont even open. Launchers cool with how many options you can open it with along with the server right there. But it just keeps crashing with a bunch of errors in which I have searched for hours to try to find a solution. It looked like it would be cool. Wish I could get my money back though :/
,Not Recommended,211820,14248916,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,WE DID IT,"I first played this game during the first part of the beta, Enraged Koala when the game got you right into it and I enjoyed it. But after this new update I couldnt get into it. I tried as hard as I could to get into the game but its questing system and lack of exploration made the game everything it didnt want to be. Instead of being a exploration game where you mine to progress through the sectors, you instead are going through a linear storyline. I know once you do the starting area you can get into the main selling point of the game, but I cant allow myself to get through that part. If I wanted to play a linear game, i'd play a story driven game, not a sandbox 2-D game. I must say once you get out of the zone, you can enjoy the game to its fullest but in a 2-D mining building game, it shouldnt take that long to get into it."
,Not Recommended,211820,16134312,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Violent Mormon,Supported the game in the early stages but lately they've been taking a rather childish route. Instead of making the game harder and more challenging they're adding funny costumes and such. I don't mind that but you still have to make it challenging for the older crowd.
,Recommended,211820,15415303,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Saijuki,Starbound.. This game had me playing for more then 260h.. I enjoyed my time so much :) the game is awesome it self and I hope there will be more in the future! :D I recommend this game so hard.
,Not Recommended,211820,14120637,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Toy Gangster,yeah tell me when it gets out of beta and doesent totally BLOW.
76561198141825635,Recommended,211820,16937342,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Kohl_M,Best game ever
,Recommended,211820,17139022,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,James,VERY VERYSTRANGEgood game
,Not Recommended,211820,13034501,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Battle Snail,"I have had this♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥for a year now. No updates, barring the first couple weeks, which didn't do anything to the game other than remove savefiles. The game isn't even being worked on anymore. ♥♥♥♥ Chuckle♥♥♥♥ and ♥♥♥♥ early access."
,Not Recommended,211820,24487540,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Gamerofthegame,It's still bad.
76561198088404436,Recommended,211820,21830236,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,1.7k to 3k in 1 month,"Starbound is something I can never forget, something I won't ignore, a game that relieves your stress. This game is much much better than any games that I have played, my addiction never goes away.Starbound is so wide that it has its own universe, THAT'S what makes it incredibly good, and the feature of travelling to 12.667 QUADRILLION planets and those planets are all different from each other. This game is so unique!I rate it 10/10 and I recommend it to people who likes to float away and let their emotions go by playing this game!"
,Not Recommended,211820,17260749,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,"ah, some bread",early access: the game
,Not Recommended,211820,18434441,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Cazval,I Would like a Refund...
,Recommended,211820,17105240,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Steeps,"Absolutely fantastic game since the Winter 2014 update. The entire game has changed! It's amazing how the game progresses now and all the things you can do, see, and build. The adventure aspect of the game is near perfect, and is great fun!"
,Recommended,211820,15548391,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Puinguin,"When this game first came out, i was excited, I LOVED IT. but only for a while, after a bit everything felt repetative, even the mods didnt do it for me anymore. I felt as if the devs werent doing anything. That is until this winter. I finally came back to this game, by accedent actually (i press play on the wrong game) and i was pleasantly suprized to find out the devs have finally reliesed new items, bioms, and fixed the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ combat. so ye its good, still a bit repetative tho, but not nearly as bad."
76561198147366660,Recommended,211820,16340624,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,BehavingPenguin,"This game is very creative. I bought the game when it first came out and man has been a blast. Sure it kinda sucks that your worlds get deleted but almost everytime that happens, it feels like im playing a whole new type of starbound.When i first started, I thought the game was confusing and a bit odd, but once you understand the concept of it all, you can never stop and with all thoughs worlds to explore, you almost never get bored of it. People can say that that the game gets boring and i don't blame them. I played games like Terraria and Minecraft all the time, but even thoughs games get boring once you played enough. I tried to get my friends to play it but they think it's another rip-off game of Minecraft. Well minecraft doesn't have spaceships, aliens, in game quests, or the races of Starbound.If you are going to purchase this game, please take into concideration that this game is still beta. It only gets better from here and to the developers, Dont stop doing what your doing, I believe in you guys/girls         :D-BehavingPenguin"
76561198027747406,Recommended,211820,12170805,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Dyrosis,"Not finished but a whole lot of fun. You will burn out though. Wait for 1.0, should be this or next year.  It's a fun game but nowhere near finished, though I have faith it will be.Edit: I was wrong, butting up on 2016 and still not 1.0. Though we have been told it's 3 updates away, which probably means mid-2016. Looking a lot better now still though. weekday dev blogs on the website. Colonization is in. The plan is 1.final combat update 2.story/progression update 3.economy update if I remember correctly and the economy one is the only one that I don't know for sure if they have a clear idea of what they're implementing. but that's 2 updates out, and having 2 updates of assurance they have a good plan is pretty good imo.1.0 Update (edited 8/6/2016):The game is at the core same as before. Yes, there are a bunch of things that I personally don't like with the 1.0 changes, but there are mods for that and I see where chucklefish was going with what they did. Fun game, bunch of new stuff, progression is a bit wonky because there is no handholding and you just have to figure out what to do. This can make is real hard to learn the system, but once you do it's very self consistant. I still definately recomend it if you want an exploration/building game.At the heart it's still very much a game where if you like bulding and exploring you're in for dozens of hours of fun. If you want lore you can go read books in villages and dungeons for even more hours. And then you can use those things you collected to uild your own awesome stuff to show off. Contrast that though to if you want to do combat and ""story"" progression. If you do the game will get old pretty quick.The game is ""like"" Terraria in style and genre, but the focus and core gameplay is completely and absolutely different. It's like saying Smash Bros and Tekken are the same style and genre and then trying to compare them directly. They're very different types of fighting games, just like Starbound and Terraria are very different types of tile sidescrollers or w/e you call them.A lot of♥♥♥♥♥♥you see trashing the game is about how the Devs haven't lived up to their promises, which in some aspects they haven't, and in some aspects the game feels disjointed in it's design (lack of tile protection in some RNG dungeons). But they have stated they're comitted to developing post 1.0 content and the scope of their original kickstarter/early access was on the scale of Starcitizen's scope, which is honestly absurd to hold them to. Sure they should not have made the promises they couldn't keep, but equally to blame are people who expect them to keep absurd promises they made 4 years ago when they were fledging developers and didn't know just just how much work creating an engine from scratch and all the assets would be. I would rather the game be in a decent state and pushed to 1.0 than have it be perpetually 0.8-9 trying to chase stretch goals that are not worth the implementation effort to get into the 1.0 build."
,Recommended,211820,12958713,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,King Pincianus Crabalab,"Although in early access, it has a great atmosphere that easily rivals that of Minecraft and Terraria. Although some of the weapons are a little generic and most monsters try to jump on your head, this game has the potential to be something great."
76561198070987505,Recommended,211820,12973304,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Autistic Gay Jew Mormon,"Amazing game, hours of gameplay, so much too explore, so many enemies to defeat. This game is a 9.5/10 the only few problems i have with it are some lag spikes. This game surprisingly doesnt have that many glitches.But, it seems like the creators have abandoned the game, it's been a  year since the last update. I'v always been so excited for the Novakids, ship expansion, and even to find out what's behind those tentacles that take over planets.Other than the lack of updates, great game."
76561198107439145,Recommended,211820,13032502,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Antoolini,After 200 hours of gameplay... I still love Starbound :)
,Recommended,211820,12959233,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,TheDrunkenMoose,"Starbound is.. Well.. Everything they promised it would be. If you're into Terraria you will be into this, though I found myself turning back to Terraria later on, after playing this for a good amount of time. This is definitely worth the money spent, but considering it's still in early access, I would not recommend it if you're not already enthuastic about it. If you came to read the reviews, to make up your mind, you should probably wait for them to finish the early access."
76561198064439938,Recommended,211820,12171786,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Spicy Boy,"So much hate on this game....It is an extremely fun game WHEN PLAYING WITH FRIENDS. Single player can get a bit boring and lonely (even more because of it's wonderful soundtrack that makes you want to cry sooo much) but multiplayer is amazing. Form bands and parties, set up a base on your home planet then travel the galaxy in one of your friends ships. raid dungeons, fight bosses, go to villages and socialise/slaughter all the inhabitants. There is just so much to do. With the amount of items and different dungeons you'll have to expand your base just to fit all the relics, artifacts and golden ducks inside.People complain that combat was too hard but even now bosses are very difficult, but still very fun to battle (though i recommend spawning them somewhere far from your base, maybe a different planet or even in another solar system) this is good because you need to defeat bosses to advance in the game.crafting is good and not too dificult, as you dont need to check on a wiki to find all the recipies online *cough* minecraft *cough* but gavering materials can be difficult, especially if you dont have a good pickaxe. Tools DO have endurance, but they take a long time to break, so no worries there *cough* minecraft *cough*speaking of blocky games where you have to build things, this should not be compared to minecraft or terraria (well maybe terraria, as they both share many properties, dungeons, bosses, exploration instead of staying in one place, etc.) because this is early acces, and should not be juged until it has fully finished (granted, updates are slow)thank you for reading my review, i hope you enjoy starbound (if you ignore all the red reviews and get it anyway) because the price you pay is definately worth the time you spend playing the game, ~100 hrs (if you dont get bored, and yes i know i haven't played 100 hrs but i am still playing it!)"
,Not Recommended,211820,21452950,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Spooktacular,I still wan't my money back
,Not Recommended,211820,21467843,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,MannerlyGem,"Imagine Terraria if Terraria was made by a bunch of pixel artists that have absolutely no idea how to design a game and have no idea where they are going with said game. It's an incredibly pretty game with hundreds upon hundreds of pretty little decorations to place around but nothing really fits together. Starbound is a game that's trying to be a Sandbox Survival game and Borderlands at the same time and it really does not work.There's so many half baked features in the game it's unbelievable, it's like one half of the development team wanted to make Minecraft and the other half wanted to make Diablo but instead of getting together to make one game they each went off and made two different games that are both half baked and then combined them  together. ""Oh but it's early access"" you say, but that's not what i'm talking about, the game and most of it's mechanics are fundamentally flawed at a design level, most of the features aren't incomplete because it's an Early Access game they are incomplete because they simply don't have a place in the game and there's no way to expand upon something that simply does not belong.This is what happens when a bunch of amateur developers get together and are given and unlimited supply of money, they all get overly excited and try to put every feature they can think of in the game and it ends up with the game being some sort of weird overly-ambitious experiment where nothing makes sense and the focus of the game is constantly changing.When this released it was like a bizzare survival game complete with temperature, hunger and the need for oxygen mixed with some sort of quasi MMO with planets locked to specific gear levels and linear gear progression. Now it's some sort of weird Diablo style game where there's quest hubs and loot drops and an upgradable ship that completely defeats the purpose of landing on planets and building things, oh and all survival features have been removed. You see what I mean here? Starbound is a game that wants to be everything but ends up being good at absolutely nothing."
76561197970472986,Not Recommended,211820,14248779,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Brownnote,"Runs very poorly on a more than adequate system.  I bought it on sale and I regret it.  It looks as if it would be a neat game, but it just runs too poorly to play."
,Recommended,211820,19888726,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Arteniis,"This game is really fun, althrough I never played it with someone. Yet I have 62 hrours on record.-The atmosphere is fantastic in this game, I have never seen something like this yet-The crafting is fun, searching the caves is fun too-Yet it has improved a lot since I played this (waiting to get someone to play this with)-Really fun game, it has so many weapons and stuff-The travelling system is stunningWhen I first played the game, I was totaly amazed... and so am I now :)10/10"
76561198112921455,Not Recommended,211820,14252964,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,ChessBoard,I liked it before it got updated but now its SOOOOOOOOO hard you have to do all these quest ive been doing it for 3 hours AND IM STILL NOT DONE its sooooooo annoying so the new update made it the WORST game ever made its a waste of time
,Recommended,211820,14215609,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Nick Kurwalsky,This game is amazing i love how you can travel to tons of different planets and they all have different animals and effects and there is so many things to collect and do 9/10
,Recommended,211820,8930332,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,AltoCrum,"Just imagine god taking a fizzy poo in morgan freemans sausage pool untill they both scream ""fat ladys are golden when drinking porkchop quava mango juice.""And then imagine morgan freemen drop kicking a migit into outer space untill the migit explodes into butt candles and fairy dust. Then put all the fat ladys, migits, freemans, and jesus's into a vat of boiling buttwater untill the water turns into a rainbow in which you cast a sword made out of baby tears which you smite a cocker spaniel with. The owner of the cocker spaniel then smacks you with a dolphin tail and gives you a necklace made out of snail teeth. Which are cursed and sends you to a seperate dimension were this is the only good game in the world. which is this world. BUY IT"
,Not Recommended,211820,33782376,Posted: 25 July,all,ppowersteef,"The game isn't bad at all, but it's hard to keep enjoying it if I've to experience framerate issues everytime.If any of you know how to improve the framerate by a lot, I'll would really like to play the game again. Otherwise, I'll just leave it in the library as is."
,Recommended,211820,16974027,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Ratix,"Oops... after 1324 hours of Starbound, I forgot to write a review, Oh silly me. I'm too busy modding Starbound and building an awesome tower dungeon (which requires above mod) to click on the ""Write a Review"" hyperlink. Well I somehow wound up here, and I'm going to review it, so here goes:I would have to say that Starbound is one of the most moddable games I've ever played. The features are rich, as we get exploration, dungeon crawls, treasure hunting, and fun silly stuff to boot. (As of this review, the colonization update has not been released on the Unstable/Stable development branches, so it will not be included, but I will post an update after it is released on Stable.) The in-game quests seem a bit mundane except for the mission quests, which is acceptable to me as a beta, as it does not spoil the unfinished content as much.Multiplayer is fun when I can host a server and people wind up joining, otherwise I'm soloing in Single Player mode building who knows what crazy project I have planned, or on multiplayer mode multi-boxing a music band testing songs I've splintered out into seperate instruments, and showing them on YouTube or Steam Broadcast streams, which is also my second favorite feature of this game, believe it or not. In addition, there are plenty of large servers out there to join. (Many use Creeperhost to host them now, as it is its official server host)Now stumbling to my favorite part. The customization! An novice-level dream for would-be level designers who has very limited programming experience, but a lot of ambition patience, and focus. There are so many block tiles, platform tiles, interactive objects, logic gates, etc. that will satisfy any level designer.If you want to start modding the game, learning JSON (Javascript Object NotatioN, practically a way to modify, manage, and extend the game's data files) has a small learning curve, but it is very easy to learn compared to a programming language. I suggest you check out xSwatelitex's guides on the Starbound Forums if you would like to try your hand at it. It is well worth it and it expands your Starbound options to build the game the way you want to. It also features a limited Lua API for advanced modding many other aspects of the game, like AI behavior, objects, etc. Lua, since it is a actual programming language,  is more complex than learning/mastering JSON, but the rewards are well worth the effort, (I still haven't learned to use Lua myself yet, so I'm in the dark too.)Either way you put it, this game has something to offer for nearly everyone. Casual and intermediate players can enjoy the game hunting, dungeon crawling, story quests and missions, building homes, towns, and other far out projects.Advanced players can take advantage of its huge modding potential to make some great things.I hope to see what some of you guys come up with!"
,Recommended,211820,20024904,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,boss of this gym,"Imagine Terraria. Imagine Terraria in space. Imagine Terraria but a thousand times better.That's this game. It's like a spiritual successor of Terraria. Vehicles, pets, space exploration with hundreds of planets that I've yet to explore, guns and fun quests. Solid 9.9/10. I love it."
76561198024485368,Recommended,211820,13858285,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Draekz,"Not much to say honestly. I've enjoyed the game so far. Sure things are buggy but its alpha. Devs have always been upfront and forthcoming with information regarding the game... Its been fun, its in alpha and I'm expecting Chucklefish will do what they promise to do. I love this developer. I'll stand by them as long as they continue doing what they are doing.Good job guys."
,Not Recommended,211820,24467124,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,BigEmpty™,"Honestly, this game hasn't shown much love to the roleplay community. A sad feature of this amazing game. Most RP servers aren't even updating. So personally I'd love to see some love for them, but most people thought the game would sink that boat either way. The game is fun, and it's got it's great selling points. But I cannot recommend something that's ruined my love and pashion."
76561198051440614,Recommended,211820,16968240,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,KillerG,"While commonly and quickly given the title ""Terraria in Space,"" and yes it does appear to be that at surface level, Starbound is actually a fairly different game with some very different content and gameplay focuses. A large emphasis is the exploration. Millions of planets with their own unique climates and sub biomes are scattered around an infinite universe for you to explore. It also carries with it a good focus on combat, with many updates building and reworking the fighting mechanics to fit different styles and situations. My main gripe with the game is that it isn't updated as often as it should be (at least that was the case for a while), and when they do, hardly any of content added adds much to gameplay. While it may be nice to see new accessories and visual changes added as filler for smaller updates, it is a little more disheartening when they are practically all that makes up some major updates. Don't get me wrong, there are some kick♥♥♥♥♥things added to this game, it is just that there is a lot of filler that doesn't add much more than a few hours to gameplay.Overall, I had really good fun with this game and would recommend it."
76561198010977411,Recommended,211820,13074658,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Commander554,"To say they have given up on the game is utter BS. If you had told me a month ago they stopped, Id believe you. They update the game every day, however rarely on steam.www.playstarbound.comThey have a log of their ever changing updates and work. The game isnt Completly dead yet."
,Recommended,211820,13605859,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Blemgo™,This might be the perfect game for me. It's like minecraft and Skyrim had a super cute pixel baby. New fave <3
76561198078738220,Recommended,211820,13150620,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,ArchibaldoKing,Great game highly recommend if you are a terraria player looking for a little bit of spice or a lot for that matter
76561198125754338,Recommended,211820,13601756,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,GunPowderPie,"I think this game is perfect, of course it missing alot but that doesnt mean its lacking in possability, thise game has been incomplete for some time but i say it would always be a good choice even if its not updated, there is still the moders comunity and they offer alot of different flavors to this game, play the game with friends not in a cave with no internet"
76561198019963133,Recommended,211820,15346945,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Hummus,"Absolutley stunning. Great music, Great gameplay and lots of playability. 10/10 it is amazing."
,Recommended,211820,14068163,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,IQstorm,"Me like, better than terraria!Friend like, Hasnt been updated in half year, sucks, terraria better!Game like, UPDATE OF HALF YEAR WORK!Me like, :DFriend like, ssssssshi......""Still better love story than twilight""IGN, 1337/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,20230195,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Meme King,"Abadoned for good, no match for terraria ironically."
,Recommended,211820,16949403,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DogMom,"So after 1.0 all I can say is there's been a drastic change. The first is that crafting is still a focal point, but building is a secondary, very fun thing that is possible within the game.Starting out there are tons of things you can do, build shelter, kill for meat, explore caverns, farm food, and much more for those starting. There's also been a shift from having to dig to the center of the planet to proceed to having to explore the caverns around the starting world, which I believe better introduces players to the exploration and mining aspect of the game.It's much more story-oriented and forward-driving than the previous builds and has more to do with primary missions, but it's like the priorities split apart so much it gives a feeling of overwhelming options, and the new need to scan items to proceed is...sub-par. I enjoy learning more, but I don't really enjoy it being mandatory to continue with the story.The lack of options when customizing your characters is also rather baffling to me considering how easy it'd be to simply expand the choices of hair or clothing starting out, but that's more of a nitpick.What isn't is the frame-rate lag, the god-aweful frame rate lag! I had to go into my .config file to turn of vsync and other unnecessary options that created a terrible amount of lag with floating items and enemies, and even after there was still quite a bit of enemies randomly stopping in mid attack only to lag back to life seconds later. This game *seriously* needs optimization!Regardless, the combat is fun and challenging, the different racial personalities are fun and the only thing I believe is missing that I'd (personally) love is more lore into the universe.It's nice for a small indie title...but it needs work."
76561198034191648,Recommended,211820,17069869,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,BaconofWar,"10/10. Excellent game- I haven't enjoyed a game so much in a long time. Lots of content, keeps me playing for hour after hour after hour. Fully recommend."
,Not Recommended,211820,24053872,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,I AM HERE,"It was fun at first, but it very quickly became boring and not nearly as fun. I would only pick this game up on sale."
,Recommended,211820,11670556,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,[VG] ❆ Cyan ❆,"The new recent update, is a combination of everything the past year they have promised to add. Instead of adding small updates that risk game breaking bugs, they combined it all into a single pack, attempted to fix the bugs, and posted it all at once. Those who have said they never update and gave false promises, think again. This new update is HUGE! So many new things, I havent had the time to play it but so far the start of the game feels a lot better and all the new things on the patch notes excites me."
,Not Recommended,211820,13301800,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Kamal,I've never played anything worse.
76561198050096404,Recommended,211820,13065976,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,helloMYbanebridge,"10/10 Would turn several small moons into my garden planets again only to have to start over after update!Somehow this game gets more whiny reviews than Day-Z and other early access games where the developers are silent for 3-6 months, or charge $30 for something that never gets the promised polish.HOWEVER this game has a nightly beta update and developers that are actively describing the updates that you can get NIGHTLY... really I think that people just want to harp because they don't have the patience to wait for the inevitably awesome final product.  Everyone wants the Instant Gratification these days.Also the greatest strength of this game is the potential MMO sandbox space worlds that could arise, and the communities of people you can play with.Oh and Starbound already has an active modding community where some of these mods are being incorporated into the final product based on community feedback to developers.To me THIS is the perfect representation of what is RIGHT about early access, but hey if you have no patienceROLL ON SUCKA!"
76561197992486551,Not Recommended,211820,24055068,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Mozbone,"I bought this game a couple of years ago, as  ""Terraria"" substitute. It is beautiful, it has so many things and it even improves on some aspects.As time went on they removed a lot of things that made it different from Terraria.Hunger? Removed, farming lost its usefulness.New character? you have to do mandatory quests in order to even play without pop-ups from hell.All in all if you like these kinds of games just keep playing Terraria,"
76561198110186065,Recommended,211820,16964081,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Wizard of Spoofy,"This game is awesome from start to fininsh and although it took a while for some updates to come out it was well worth it ..felt like I was playing a different game each time they updated and the retro style is amazing. Great controls, music, and overall feel of the game"
76561198085479510,Recommended,211820,14394502,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Ser Kushington,This game without mods is like minecraft with the biggest Modpack on it just way better in every mechanic like the crafting + the soundtrack is awesome rate 10/10 must play!
76561198212544483,Recommended,211820,20480145,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Autismo(RoboAutism),Starbound:Where do I begin with this game. First this isn't a terraria clone or edge of space clone it's different and having low expectations for it I'm disappointed of why this isn't featured as often like the same AAA title games that cash cow companies fund for us to only charge double for DLC. This isn't that even at it's unfinished status it's great and hs tons of existing content and even a growing fanbase. It's very open but not boring like some may say it's adventurous and the missions pack enough excitement to keep you on the edge of your key board. One thing that makes it different from terraria is weapons if you've ever played terraria you no guns don't shoot in any direction there are set points not in starbound it's completely different. I recommend this to streamers because it's an exploration game so if your twitch channels down a few followers play this it's great
76561198149052451,Recommended,211820,20950305,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,frttpc97,"I have played terraria so much, in every platform so i like these kind of 2d craft-survive games. I played starbound for a while and I liked it. Altough it looks like all other similar games it has it's own pros and cons.PROS:+ It has it's own crafting. Lot's of new items and possibilities. Crafting a gun in a game is always makes you feel invincible.+ I think the biggest and the best feature is travelling trough space. I mean you can go to every planet you see if the conditions are suitable. Like some planets has high radiation or heat, so you should craft yourself a prtoection about those. Another word for that >>+ Our ship has a AI that gives you tasks. One is for the progress of the game and the other one is for the improve yourself (like bigger and faster digging, high radiatoin and heat suits). This makes you travel and wander more to find the needs.+ Most of the planets has it's own species. It kinda takes time to learn which one attacks or just hangs around. You might find yourself fighting with shooting penguins. (Yeah I know)CONS:- Progressively it gets harder. I know that it has to be like that but in this game you can't find what to do where to do when to do. It has a huge map and lots of options. Normally that's an advantage but while trying to find the items or people that you're looking for, you visit the same area like 6-7 times and after time it sucks.- Altough every planet has it's own species most of them are the same. Just repainted ones. In icy plantes they're blue, in lava planets they're red but same creatures.- Yes quest are one of the good things in the game because without them you wouldn't be travelling all the way through the space BUT going all the way, trying to do what is wanted, trying not to die, returning all the way back, then what? just another item that nearly same that your holding while you're trading or just a vanity item.. hhggggCONCLUSION> It is a nice game. I really enjoyed while I was playing. It gets boring and challenging after sometime but it definitly worths the money especially if you're buying with discount ;)"
76561197960277140,Recommended,211820,25052853,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,|KGJ| Grobstar,"First start on a Planet. No idea what to do. Explore und Build a Base.No clue how to make food. Takes some time so prep....Die of starvation.Respawn, get to know how hunting works. Almost die of Facepalm.Explore to Planet and Quest Line.Get to the Space Station. Universe expands incredible fast.Got send to an Mining Facility.. dark Coridors.Die by an Ambush of Pink Aliens...10/10 Will Die again ;)"
,Recommended,211820,21493310,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Queen of Salt,"This game is great, until you have to redownload it and you end up losing everything.As a person who really loves survival/adventure games, this kinda beats Terraria as my first favorite.Pros:-A thousand places to travel and check out, literally a whole star system.-Variety of races, you don't have to just be a human.-Huge variety of weapons.-The challenge portals.-Multiplayer.-Instruments.-Various settlements of the races-Devs are constantly working on it (Good for you developers for not giving up!)Cons:-No steam cloud-The quests tend to get reptitive and tedious.-Story quests, for now, stop abruptly.-Can get rather boring if you are not a fan of doing the same thing over and over-Mining Simulator"
76561198036600240,Not Recommended,211820,31775557,Posted: 15 May,all,Venemox,"Play for hours collect neat stuff, enujncter an unexpected obsatcle, die.  Lose all progress for the day, unless you can overcome whatever killed you the first time, without the benefit of the items you had the second, third, or fiftieth times.  Again, another indy game that sets the penatly for death at a level that actively prevents you from overcoming the obstacle that killed you.  After a few deaths in a row, you lose so much money that even that stops being a penalty for failure."
76561198065686754,Recommended,211820,24717305,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SkyIzLamb,Its like terraria but good
76561198144620067,Recommended,211820,24479058,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Coolness01,It is just AWESOME
76561197977975781,Not Recommended,211820,14566304,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,"Do stuff to get more stuff. Use the more stuff to get newer stuff. Use the newer stuff to get more newer stuff. Use the more newer stuff to get the morer newerer morer stuff.  Then, you can go places, to get to other places, so you can go to more places to go to more other places.  Isn't this fun kids? If you think this review is formulaic, steer clear of the actual game.Play Terraria."
76561198048686794,Not Recommended,211820,21733186,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,decf1,"is that game will ever be released, looks like developers got a $$$ from early access and know do nothing"
76561198034744526,Not Recommended,211820,14318540,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Akashablud,"Well, the game starts out nice and easy for new players and then you hit a wall when you have to kill your first boss. You'll watch videos where the boss' laser move slower then they do now. And the videos are of guys who are wearing end game gear so it's not really helpful. So if  your new and you legitimately wanna beat the boss, good luck with that. If your computer crashes mid game, you'll lose everything. They still have a lot of nerfing to do and bugs to fix. So maybe come back in a year and hopefully they didn't wreck the game too bad by then. If you want to play a game that's more of a finished product. You might as well play Terraria, this game ain't really ready for play yet."
,Not Recommended,211820,14220073,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,[psdc],"Some how manages to lag just enough to make the game unplayable, even though i can play edge of space, terraria, and cortex command without any lag. other than that it looks really fun"
,Recommended,211820,17949858,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,TheCat,"Starbound is a awesome 2-dimensional game based on space travel and exploration. You start as one of 7 avaliable races: Florans - A race of plants, not very friendly. Apex - Science based species with a glorious dictat... leader. Avian - religious and philosophical. Novakid - A western themed race. Glitch - A race of machines connected together by the hive mind, well, most of them. Hylotl - A aquatic people, peaceful to all, except the Florans. Humans! - A scattered race, with Earth being destroyed and all....After you have picked your starter race, you begin your journey on a planet with relatively harmless mobs, and basic ores. From there you have to fix your ship and choose where you next destination is!Pros:-Great mechanics for all types of play-Constantly updated-Humongous backstory-Great referances and jokes-Developers listen to the communityCons:-Will take some time to get to highest tier of loot, not good if you like to get to the top fast-Most NPCs are hostile, unless you like fighting them, like me!-Will take allot of your time, because it is too good to stop playing!10/10 TheCatWithTheHat"
,Not Recommended,211820,24469311,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Valorn,"I enjoyed this game back when my friends and I played it in 2014. But as it is now, I hate it.-There really needs to be one more difficulty setting, between casual and survival. I don't mind, and in fact enjoy, having the need for food. But I absolutely loathe dropping items on death, especially when that can include key quest items.-The movement feels extremely slippery. The difference of 0.05 sec on a keyhold can be the difference between taking a small step and throwing yourself off a cliff to your death. This is only worsened by the abundance of deep pits both above and below ground.-The hotbar feels extremely restrictive in comparison with other similar games.-The intro feels like it skips explaining a lot. You learn to dig, you learn to fight, but not to craft. No explaination for hunger is given until you are already near starvation.-And you are almost immeadiately told to dig to the center of a planet after having just touched down for the first time. Intro quests should aid the player in learning the game before throwing something that ambitious at them."
,Recommended,211820,14932469,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Bruce Wayne,Starbound is an excellent take on the Terraria formula that merges the best of grinding for that next ore with tranporting yourself to an entirely different solar system! High recommended for the sandbox player as a must experience game. The missions can seem a bit silly but the payoff of boss battles is great!
76561198096196467,Recommended,211820,17136296,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,spiritwolf06,starbound is a fun game i don't know why people don't like it because is early access. you can do alot of things on this game. this game will probly take a long time to finish but i will keep on playing it and there is mods to add to the game so that makes it a bit more fun. don't just give it a bad review all because they did not update it the game is still fun the way it is so just give it a try
,Not Recommended,211820,21655054,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,preston,hated it
76561198126166192,Recommended,211820,17739230,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,강간,"The vanilla game will keep you entertained for a long while, but then you can expand the longevity of the game by downloading mods, which are extremley easy to download. The music is PHENOMINAL.  However, Starbound does have its flaws. It can get boring at some points, and leave you with nothing to do. For me, I rarley found myself building, but rather exploring with friends. Exploration is what this game is about. I HIGHLY reccomend playing this game with a friend. Anyway, if you have a friend who will be willing to play it with you, buy it. You should still buy the game even if you dont, but I think the coop makes this game alot better. I have played 73 hours and still have a TON of stuff to do. Its overall a very good game, but may or may not leave you a bit bored after a while."
,Recommended,211820,14659046,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Aftex,Terraria on crack
,Not Recommended,211820,14451240,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,internet warrior,"Please don't buy this game. Let the developers finish it first.One of the recent updates killed the game for me, and I spent hours trying to make it run on my computer. After searching for fixes I *finally* got it to start up. Now the game runs on a pleasant 10-20fps when on a planet..Some time ago I played starbound with some friends and we had a lot of fun. However we pretty soon realized that we had played through most of the content available.. I would very much like to play the new content but I am unable to."
76561198105543715,Not Recommended,211820,14234866,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,AndrewJ,The Music is depresing
76561198048304394,Recommended,211820,17101415,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,xKolekk,"This game is/was a dissapointment. HOWEVER...I enjoyed over 200 hours of gameplay.The story isn't all here, there could be more weapons and armor, and there could be better made dungeons and general things to do. You play through the content and then make your base and explore, which after awhile does become monotonous... After over 100 hours of playing... for 15 f'ing dollars... WELL WORTH IT. Highly recommend.No clue why people don't recommend a game when they all have more play time in game than they have with themselves."
76561198053313186,Recommended,211820,17188027,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Killtoy30,"Great game. Highly recommend you buy it. People always say its a knock off of terraria, But in my opinion....It put's terraria to shame. It's better in every way in gameplay, items, multiplayer, and even the graphics."
,Recommended,211820,13980116,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Warspite,"I invested over 95 hours (20-30 hrs probably leaving on the launcher) in this game and I must say I enjoy it alot.Ever since the recently (December) Unstable update they have added and improve the game.I will say I had no hope when no updates were showing up, but when the unstable update showed up I played it for longer periods of time and i must say, the game is fun.Also Flying Paper Airplane 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,12133278,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Maga,I liked it.
,Recommended,211820,12106386,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,BigDaddyFire,I find this game unbelievably addictive and I highly recommend it to everyone.
,Not Recommended,211820,24728221,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,miikatiikeri,idk looks nice but tastes bad
,Recommended,211820,14306739,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jjazmin167,"Whenever I had the time to play this game, i honestly really loved it, it gave the feel of terraria with an advanced exploartion system with a galatic twist. I just really love to play this game on my free time, i personally enjoy it c:Edit: After a long time of Playing starbound, i finally felt like a true 8-bit explorer. As i travelled across worlds, galaxies, and systems i became more and more hooked to the game. one of the previous updates a while back caused the game to conntinously crash and never load, therefore stopping my gameplay and causing me to turn to other games like Unturned, H1Z1, Skyrim, Ect. I branched out, and eventually i came back home to Terraria because i missed the love and feel these 8-bit games provide for me personally.i re-installed Starbound but i just haven't given it another chance just yet since im so engulfed in Terraria at the moment; but i know once i return back to Starbound, from terraria, on my old beefy supercomputer (it's in the shop at the moment and imm using a crappy laptop that barely has enough ram and memory for microsoft word let alone terraria and starbound).I highly suggest this for anyone who loves 8-bit traditional side-scrolling games, with the feel of the build-destroy concept of minecraft, the incredibly expansive craft system, intense abilities to create the perfect enviroment for yourself--oh and did i mention mods? yes MODS!for those mod lovers out there oh holy hell, it bring a hell of its own ball game on its own when you bring in player-created content too! really breaks the fouth wall sometimes with dialogue with some of the NPC'S if anyone has ever noticed and i just love this game.hope this helps <3"
76561198030771846,Recommended,211820,22105772,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kervin,fun
,Not Recommended,211820,25690902,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,☹ スター狙撃兵☹,"375 hours in 1 profile, then they release the new update and my character is gone, thanks you♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198021132925,Not Recommended,211820,14320437,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,KapmK,"It looks pretty, but it really isn't fun. It takes way too long for things to open up to you, the game is challenging in very frustrating ways, and despite the universe being infinite, it feels very empty and pointless."
,Recommended,211820,13556559,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,a1varez,I like that game.. Finally they're returned with updates!
,Recommended,211820,13491694,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,roxor,its ok
76561198122857211,Recommended,211820,13602676,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,TheFinalLegacy,AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,211820,21821239,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,☁clout 9☁,itsd graet
,Recommended,211820,24520578,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,XTREEM🤔BALLR,If you liked Terraria and are even slightly interested in this game you should give it a try. Honestly you should buy the game because the devs actually released an early access game. Has that ever even happened before ??????
,Not Recommended,211820,24523603,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,gooserex,"Starbound is release.... As much rejoicing as the Robin and his minstrels in the Holy Grail, sadly this game feels emptier then when I first picked it up 3+ years ago, so much hope and promise, but in the end the game just never felt finished."
76561198020728468,Not Recommended,211820,23550429,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Gerard,"I'm pulling the trigger on this one. I'm putting a bad review up. Maybe a patch will come out and make me eat my words. It seems about as likely as Trump becoming president. God help us all.There's things that procedural generation does well and things it doesn't. And I think the difference between Terraria and Starbound clearly delineates this, because one is great and the other... isn't.In Terraria, every newly generated world is functionally identical to the last one. Yet your intimate familiarity with the first one leads to the feeling that a new one is still worth exploring.Inversely, Starbound pushes you to abandon old worlds without looking back, long before you can appreciate how the new world is any different.Apparently it's been a year and a half since I first played Starbound. The early build was promising. It looked like this game was truly going to be Terraria in space. But now I can say with reasonable certainty that it's Terraria for children, instead. The edges have been filed off, the complexity's been reduced and the bosses aren't so much as a collection of wet farts over the course of two days of drizzly weather.That's probably a good summary of my Starbound experience, by the way.I suppose the amount of content is similar to that of Terraria's early hardmode. But Terraria was still fun early on, even if post-hardmode was where things really got underway. There was a sense of more to come, of building towards something bigger with every little bit of iron or copper mined. You'd go off to find something, get sidetracked instantly and spend 2 hours chasing chests and mapping out the underground. And somehow you'd always find something 'new' on the way. Deep down you knew all the stuff you collected was doomed to sit in a chest in the basement, never to be looked at again. But it didn't matter.Yet in Starbound, collecting ores even for your current tier feels like a waste, let alone iron or copper. Going to the store to sell loot is a chore. And the damn quests, combined with lack of an option to access items on the ship or teleport directly, always conspire to force you into one or several slogging, endlessly boring return trips.Exploring new planets is decidedly uninteresting. It's just the same indistinguishable set of cliffs, caves, craters and copses, with seven to nine enemies that're likewise all the same. The system isn't fooling anyone. Shoot one wallcrawling creep with a special attack, you've shot them all. This is not where procedural generation shines.The dungeons are allright. And the farming system is robust, almost uncharacteristically so. I ended up making a ton of crates just to store all the junk I'd farmed.The hovercar was great, or would've been great if it didn't need repairs all the time. If it'd been indestructible, or if I could repair it out on the road, we'd be close to some high speed gameplay and, dare I say it, actual fun. The turning point for me was the third boss, where enough things happened concurrently that I almost forgot the cop-out that you can't build or mine inside these arenas at all. For Christ's sake, have we forgotten that half the reason Terraria's boss fights were so fun, was that you could build your own arenas? Just give the boss one or two attacks that'll pass through walls and let everyone sort out their own strategy, this is elementary.After that third boss, things screeched to an abrupt halt again when I was dumped onto a new planet with no less than five new ores, only for me to mine enough of them to craft armors and do all the things over the course of fifteen minutes. I spent another few hours after that looking for the rest of the game but never found it. This playthrough only lasted sixteen hours and I was bored for twelve of them!Here's an idea: how about instead of giving the player 'endless' planets to explore, you double down on their inevitable sameness and just give the player nine planets? And you could probably cut out two or three more, just add their biomes to the remaining ones. Change the scripts a little so there's no double dungeons and the entire game is right there, without the need for all this procedural knick-knackery.Do away with the entire FTL business while we're at it, rework the fuel mechanics and have everything take place in a single solar system. And if you really wanna go overboard, remove the spaceship entirely! Just let players teleport directly between planets. Sure, people will complain that they're no longer free to explore the endless stars. They'll whine that they now need to start a new game to see more planets. But these people are wrong. Ask yourself what you're really giving people. Newness and familiarity are mutually exclusive: it's clearly not working out to provide the first, so you should cut your losses and provide the second.Overall, to quote another reviewer, Starbound's greatest problem is the existance of Terraria. It's not just a matter of failed expectations, rather it's hard to even justify Starbound's existance in light of it's vastly superior predecessor. This isn't even innovation for innovation's sake, this is taking careful, deliberate steps backward while wondering aloud why you're not getting anywhere.Verdict: Just buy Terraria. Or if you own Terraria already, play it again and try to forget Starbound exists.Edit 1-5-2017: So a patch came out and Trump became president. Good thing I didn't predict the end of the universe. I've done about four playthroughs by now? I tried so hard to like this thing, but I can't do it. The game is paced like a continental plate, there's barely any progression, the enemies are boring and even the music is starting to grate. Maybe in twenty years I can pawn this onto my kids, I see no other use for this game."
,Recommended,211820,16948559,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Wacko Prophet,"beautiful combination of level design, atmosphere, and music. rich in content and the experience of DISCOVERY and EXPLORATION. One of my all-time favorite survival-crafting games. Also one of the only games I bought not on sale and have not regretted doing so. Devs communicate effectively with the community and are always dedicated and hard at work on Starbound. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,11580789,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Skizerz,"I honestly don't understand the hate reviews... It's terraria in space with tons of weapons, cosmetics, armor sets, and bosses.  What more do you want?"
,Recommended,211820,13434924,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Goodguydolls,don't listen about the no change thing they have a new update coming out soon and it looks awsome
,Recommended,211820,17127178,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Santa Claus in Halloween,"On this review, I'm first gonna show facts about this game, and then my opinions.FactsThe game is about space exploration and adventure. You can choose your own race and each of the 7 races has their own weapons, armors and ship designs. Each and every races are unique and have their own cultures and backstories you will discover the longer you progress through the game.What you can do with your ship is you can upgrade it. You can also decorate each and every rooms of your ship but that's just really it.You will find a lot of randomly-generated weapons, cosmetics and some useful stuff in chests found everywhere in every planets. Some planets can even have their own sub-biomes.Here is a list of melee weapon types: The dagger, the shortsword, the axe, the broadsword, the hammer and the spear. Each of the weapon types are unique. They have different usage and playstyles. The dagger has the fastest swinging speed in the game but has the weakest damage. The sword is slower but makes more damage. The axe is the slowest one-handed weapon type but the damage is pretty high. Very powerful. The broadsword is the fastest two-handed weapon. The hammer is a lot slower but it has the highest damage in the game, and has the strongest knockback. The spear is unique out of all ot the other melee weapon types. You can keep monsters away from you if you hold the left click button at their direction. It damages and pushes monsters away. My personal favourite... This game also has range weapons such as bows and guns but you will discover and learn them by yourself, I don't want to spoil those for you...The one-handed weapons are different from the two-handed weapons. The difference is that you can carry two one-handed weapons on each hands while you can only carry one two-handed weapon. The good side of the two-handed weapons is that they have a special attack if you right click with them.My opinionsMaybe the facts about this game made it sound like it's a really good game, right? Well, in reality, this game has a lot of problems and I'm gonna adress those in here.I think the upgrade system of the ship is too linear and needs a few variations and usefulness. I have no idea how the upgrade system could be better but please, Chucklefish, try to make it better.It's really nice to have different weapons and armor designs in the game but I think each races needs to have their own strength in their weaponries. All of the weapons feels too similar to each other. Chucklefish, what you can do to make it better is, make one race's weapons swing faster but make less damage, make one race's weapons swing slower but make a lot of damage, make one race's have a few effects on their weapons but does slightly less damage, that kind of stuff.Also, there is a few balance issues with the weapons. The daggers are totally not worth to use compared to the axe because they both have the same DPS. The dagger needs a higher DPS in order to balance it. The other weapon balance issue is that the ranged weapons are very weak, the only way they can ever be possibly useful is when your enemies are too strong to fight face-to-face. Even that, it takes too long to kill monsters with those. In order to balance weapons, make the ranged weapons stronger. It takes too long to kill monsters with those.Also, once you fully upgraded your ship and got all of the possible weapons you can have for your race, there's not much you can possibly do after that. The only reason why I keep playing this game is being able to decorate my ship, collect cosmetic items, weapons and furnitures.The reason why I recommend this game is because I have enjoyed it myself. I don't think this game is that good or perfect but I just can't not love the game because of the beautiful soundtrack, races' backstories, the adventure I had, everything. I hope you all will enjoy it too and criticize the game in order to make it better.Seriously, I really love the game, but I just wish it was much better than it is right now."
76561197967035972,Recommended,211820,24774081,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Taisen,"So after reading all these negative reviews, I felt like I had to write one for the sake of fairness. Many of the criticism do have merit i.e (repeated content for exploration, limited crafting, no real racial bonuses etc etc). But need I remind everyone that is this a 15 dollar game. Even though after about 100 hours of gameplay it does get repeitive and stale, 15 dollars for that much entertainment is pretty damn good. Most 60 dollar games don't even see that much gameplay. I promise you'll get 15 dollars worth of entertainment."
76561198084982102,Recommended,211820,17084830,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Uncle Anjonio,Monkey overlords 10/10
,Recommended,211820,17087045,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,KharrlozGM,"THIS GAME IS AWESOME, every update brings something new, and the tweaks on the boss system made it better, the quests make you explore an infinite universe!! VERY recommended, the soundtrack is the BEST part of this game, it matches to the planet/mission, if its a calm planet, calm music, if its a risky +, the music gets epic, what are you waiting, buy it ;)"
,Recommended,211820,20689748,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,GlacierLoyalty,"It's like Terraria if it were on a galactic scale, the things you can discover are awesome."
76561198096227723,Recommended,211820,24735486,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,maccrawinthejaw,"When this game first released, I wrote a review which had no feedback, but at this point it wouldn't have mattered since the game has grown so, so much since then.Starbound is like Terraria in space; that's obviously the first thing people see when they see Starbound gameplay footage or screenshots. But unlike Terraria, this game is far, far more interactive. One thing I'm so shocked and amazed by is that Starbound now has a central plot. (Minor spoilers ahead)In Beta releases, human players' backstories was that they were rather abruptly expelled from Earth by a gigantic tentacle monster that broke the planet apart and shook society out into the cosmos. You never directly see that happen; it's just kind of mentioned every so often. In the full release, however (I've only tested this when you make a Human character), you spawn on Earth, and the story begins right before the monster tears the world a new one. The story is focused on obtaining some sort of mythic stone to keep this horrible destroyer at bay, so ""Scooby-Doo! and KISS: Rock and Roll Mystery""'s plot, only lengthier.But even beyond that, Starbound has quests of all shapes, sizes and colors, which is really cool because each quest has rewards that will benefit your character as you progress. Like Terraria, it has boss fights, which is also really nice; it has different crafting tiers, which is kind of standard for games like this, but that totally works.What's really cool though, is that Starbound has been many steps ahead of No Man's Sky in terms of the concept of a limitless universe. I honestly am blown away by how many systems and sub-systems of planets and moons there are; each one has its own unique resources and alien life forms, which themselves have unique appearances - you'll never see the exact same alien on more than one planet. And they don't just look different; they have different attacks as well. Early in my full release adventure, I was attacked by an alien that launched rainbows at me, but acidic ones that immediately killed me.I don't have the usual sort of overwhelmed amazement I usually have in my reviews, since as stated I've been on Starbound for as long as I can remember, but I strongly recommend it due to how interesting it is, even for an old veteran of it. A newcomer with no experience or knowledge of past updates is going to have their mind blown by how much stuff Starbound has to offer."
,Recommended,211820,15578555,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Energy Crusader,This Game Has It's Good Times And It's bland time like all those free build Games. Each Planet has it's own enviorment and you can know where you are going! I support this Game's development
12343454353433435,Recommended,211820,16341661,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,MorbiusTheWiz,"Pretty Awesome game, I CAN'T KILL PENGIUN MECH #Im a noob"
76561198059622913,Recommended,211820,16341457,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,starfire_1234,Don't listen to all the negative comments here this game has came along way and has improved drasticly.I would Recomend this game to everyone that likes a bit of exploreation in 2d.
,Recommended,211820,12077251,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,Papallion,"Once more we need a ‘meh’ button.  Starbound is a beautiful game with incredible music, fantastic graphics and a lot of fun to be had.  That said, the controls are a bit loose, the gameplay is repetitive and there’s not much to do.  This is early access so I’m being generous, and I do recommend it, but only if you mod it.  There’s no real goal in the game, no bosses to fight, no quests to be done, and after a while you get tired of going to new planets, depleting the resources and moving on.  I get more fun writing fanfics about my little person zipping through space from planet to planet, putting right what once went wrong and hoping each time that her next leap will be the leap home than I do playing, so I do get some enjoyment out of it.  But the game is still early access and there’s time for them to add a deeper storyline, quests, bosses and so forth.  Seven stolen cheese wheels out of ten.Edit: April, 2015.  I haven't played in a while, so I loaded it up to see what changed.  Quite a lot, actually!  They added a starting quest line-tutorial and more of a story.  Eight and half stolen cheese wheels out of ten.Edit: June 20, 2015.  I grew really frusterated with the game and quit early May, then started again mid-June.  The difficultly is all over the place now.  The mining boss is a bit too hard and almost not fun, and I STILL haven't gotten that danged penguin downed.  I'm trying again since they updated again, but it really needs to be balanced.  I'm taking back a cheese wheel and a half, back to seven.  Actually, make it six- we need a save point to teleport to before each boss."
,Not Recommended,211820,17600500,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Neok,Unfinished game
,Recommended,211820,16963081,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,TheOddCouple,"Extremely fun to play with friends, great exploring games with an interesting quest line that is challenging.9/10"
,Recommended,211820,14273583,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mazda Miata,"It's terraria, but with SPACE!!!11/10"
76561198064031061,Recommended,211820,10529371,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Alpha198,SPACE
,Recommended,211820,12182765,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Strongblade,"Despite all the negatives listed (and many have good reasons for it, as it has been months since an actualy update has hit the stavle build) but I can't help but still love this game. It is a sandobx game and you can explorfe, mine and build all sorts of things. I even got my 7 yr old Nephew into the game and he loves it.Now that said, yes, things have been stagnant on the stable build, but the game is still really fun despite this. I do think that the negative reviews here are getting a bit over-done.So I for one say this game is excellent, and it is going to get better once the updates are complete. Add in a crazy-creative modding community and you can do just about anything in this game."
,Recommended,211820,24476566,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Sgt. Jason9811,"It's been a long time coming, but we finally made it. We finally have achieved 1.0 and it's been one hell of a ride ladies and gentlemen. Perfection at it's best."
,Recommended,211820,24942032,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Sek'see Lek'see,"""This moon has no breathable atmosphere""Made a campfire then got killed by ghosts10/10"
76561198131477703,Recommended,211820,24934224,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Jarada11B,Better than No Mans Sky!
76561198310360729,Not Recommended,211820,25725860,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,OwlWing,"Pretty much laggy, terrible storyline, and exploring in the beginning I died three times and didnt even get to the starting area when you land on the planet.  I wish I could get a refund but of course you can't."
,Not Recommended,211820,24979820,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Rokk,"The 1.0 update was ahugestep back, lots of content was removed (especially lore).The game is still worth the price I guess."
,Recommended,211820,22120308,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,King Pang,This game is pretty cool-has a nice soundtrack-plenty of things to do-nice exploration-unique weapons
,Recommended,211820,7949139,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,drinkmorewater,"So, this game. For me right now, it seems to have alot of FPS problems even on a gaming computer, quite a shame. but this game holds alot of potential, and i beleive the dev's will fix the problems involved in this game in the future. I reccomend this to anyone who is a fan of terraria."
76561198050209870,Not Recommended,211820,21863737,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,MrBadger97,"You know that feeling when you buy a game cause it looks cool and it has a little potential, and then you realize it's been too long for you to get a refund?Yeah."
,Recommended,211820,24469162,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ToxiCakeTheDeliPie,"You dont have to worry about the bad in game, you will be so caught up in exploreing, the bugs will not bother you. The game takes a while to update, but it is usually worth it in the end. The music will always be my personal favorite about the game."
76561198095031840,Recommended,211820,24464945,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,MauK_,"I have played this game since before the beta and i have to say, it is so well done and hours of fun. tons of planets to explore, tons of random weapons to collect, tons of different structures to loot, its pretty awesome. Keep up the great work.<3"
76561198052720974,Recommended,211820,16800576,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Alexander,its one of my favorite games its like terria but you can explore space go to difrent planets and find really weird stuff like a giant sewer under a portipotty with poop monsters i found a shield made out of poop and there an optional update or betatest or sumthing that adds a story i love this game it will always be fun
,Recommended,211820,20489779,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,jazz cup,"Guys in conclusion today, doesn't matter if it's real or fake, I think it doesn't. The thing that matters is that it's Pepper Time, okay now what is the difference between Pepper Time and♥♥♥♥♥♥and Sexual Assault, the distinction is clearly blurred. And that's why Sam is a genius he blurs the distinction between Parody and Real Prank. What is real anymore? What is the point of talking about these guys and feeding the troll, who is actually being Pranked, is it me? Is it you? Let's stop feeding the trolls here together guys and remember it's Pepper Time okay. So remember to Pepper your s- your fries. And keep your roofies close by. Because what is the difference between Pepper and Roofie, THAT'S WHAT'S SO SPECIAL ABOUT BILL COSBY! And incidentally Sam Pepper by the way. Pepper is ... PEPPER is, a date♥♥♥♥♥♥drug. ....... Allegedly. Does that make sense? Does that make sense? I rest my case Memebusted. Memebusted I rest my case ladies and gentlemen."
76561198202187276,Recommended,211820,24833062,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,YoJacket,"The first ever game in my library, my most valued game, my favorite game. 10/10 *sob* (i was crying during this :)STARBOUND. What i joy, I had this game on a sperate account and look where I am now. I first got the game when there was only one objective: live life the way it was meant to be lived.Back before even the outpost was in the game, before that, all we had was copper armour, a stone pickaxe, and a will to live.I reccomend: if you ever heard of starbound or even just heard the name, buy it. *sob*"
,Recommended,211820,24589878,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,"Malcolm ""Fucking"" Tucker","TL;DR Amazing game, satisfying gameplay, somewhat empty after main mission (which can easily be filled up by personal in-game projects) overal 8.7/10Now that the game has finally been properly released, and having played through the main quest I am certain that I can write a review about this game. Starbound, prior to it's release this year had always felt sort of empty, yet nothing like empty. The way i always described it to people who didn't know about the game or hadn't heard of it was ""Terraria in space""  and while some aspects that were similar (2D graphics and the like) Starbound was still different. The space exploration gave an extra feel to the game. One you couldn't get from Terraria. You weren't bound to a single world where every aspect that you found crucial to your game would be randomized if it would be there or not. In Starbound you are quite literally, bound for the stars. The galaxy is yours to create, destroy or explore in. I have watched this game grow from it's humble beginnings back in 2013 all the way up to it's full release on the 22 of july 2016. It's had some rough patches throughout it's early access, getting many redesigns for not only in game assets (ships, crafting stations)but also having had complete overhauls. At first being able to make coal and use it as ship fuel, after which you can just leave your starter planet, requiring you to slay several bosses to be able to progress through the sectors. This changed to starting with a broken ship and being able to only travel within the range of your starting system until you supply your ship with core fragments from your starter planet. this mechanic stayed somewhat but changed. Now with the full release, you start out on earth for the tutorial. Anyone who knows something about the game knows what happens to earth. anyway, you escape and the game begins. Instead of being able to fly through your starting system you now need to travel to the outpost via portal on your starting world, which requires 20 core fragments to work. after this you need erchius crystals to repair your ship. This is where the adventure truly begins.You play through an interesting and gripping story with fun missions to play (my personal favourite is the Glitch one) in which you have to gather 6 McGuffins to complete the story. The storyline takes you to all different manners of planets, sometimes to multiple because you can't find everything on one planet.Ore progression is also more interesting now, to get the higher tier ores you have to look at the difficulty level of the planet, moderate difficulty? you get titanium.New mechanics were included in the full release like fossil hunting, where through a minigame you have to uncover fossils, so you can put those up for display. From a fossilized egg, all the way up to an Ixodoom skeleton, the minigame can be quite annoying sometimes because you either don't have enough tool usages anymore and you only needed 1 more piece, yet the game still decides that the excavation is incomplete.The end of the game and the final boss fight left me satisfied, the battle was difficult, but not unplayable. However, the game may feel empty to those who didn't plan for anything to do after the main quest, and that's fine. the game will probably still get updated (extra story after the main one, who knows right?) from time to time.My judgement of this game is in the TL;DR, but i'll repeat it here:Amazing game, satisfying gameplay, somewhat empty after main mission (which can easily be filled up by personal in-game projects) overal 8.7/10If you like this genre of games. BUY THIS GAME."
76561198115808987,Recommended,211820,24751406,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,TheAlbinoFox,"I don’t write many reviews of games but, whilst looking through the Steam comments section for Starbound, I couldn’t help but feel an extreme need to write a review. I have been with Starbound since its inception, since the early days when Fatal Circuit and Jelly King (Brian) were still around to mess up your day. I was there when there were still sectors in the game and the Outpost was just a twinkle in Tiy’s eye. I remember the incomplete quest system, which ended after beating that age-old boss, Dreadwing. I even remember the Mechs and the (True) Tentacle Planets and the Racial Bonuses and even the billions of colors of dirt that would fill up your inventory in record time. So I hopefully have a little credibility with this game. First off, I want to say this.Starbound is being treated unfairly.Professional game critics or new users aren’t included here, for they are not the culprits of the negativity Starbound has received upon launch (in fact IGN gave it a 9.1/10). It is the beta testers, the people like me who remember everything. We know what has been cut from the game and many of us want it back. I have seen so many reviews complaining about how Starbound is different from the beta. About how it had its formula right at some point or another in the many updates delivered to Starbound and that when 1.0 came marching along, everything was shattered into oblivion and the game was magically ruined. I understand these sentiments.Would I like to see Brian again? Sure. Would I like to use the Mechs (however glitchy they were)? Who wouldn’t? Did I like the old bosses, specifically Fatal Circuit and Jelly King? Yeah, I did. Did I approve of the devs cutting so much content? Not all the time. Do I think it should’ve taken them FIVE YEARS to finish the game? Nooooooooooo. But you know what? None of that matters because Starbound is here and it is 10x as fun as any version of the beta.I’m going to say it again. Starbound 1.0 is better than it was at any point during the beta. I don’t care that they cut some content. All of it (save maybe the Mechs) was replaced with something so much better. The devs delivered on everything (save the Mechs). It took them a while, sure, but they delivered (except on the Mechs, although there are vehicles if that counts for anything) and they did an outstanding job. For the rest of the review, I am going to compare Starbound 1.0 to both “Starbound Beta” and another point of comparison, Terraria 1.0 (NOT TERRARIA 1.3 AND ABOVE).The gameplay gets a thumb’s up. Starboud is a side-scrolling open-world adventure game that looks very similar to Terraria (although I prefer the artwork in Starbound). If someone says it is Terraria in space then they are right. Starbound is Terraria in space.But I like Starbound 1.0 more than Terraria 1.0. Why? Oh, I dunno. Starbound is just so much… cooler. It has more to offer than Terraria 1.0 did and FAR more than it did when in beta. Let us look at its features, shall we?First off, the feel of the game is much the same as in Terraria. You jump around in a 2D world and mine and/or fight and/or farm and/or do other stuff. There is not much else to say. The controls aren’t klunky and, if your computer has a high enough operating power, you won’t get any lag.The weapons are incredibly neat. Unlike in Terraria, many weapons are randomly generated, meaning that each weapon you find is bound to be different from the last. However, there are many armaments that aren’t randomly generated that tend to turn out to be extremely different and prove to be a treasure to find (they act as part of the rare loot in the game). Many weapons have a primary attack and then also a “Special” (used by right-clicking). This special attack can range from shooting a jet of flames to summoning a barrier that protects you. My personal favorite is a special attack that comes only with staff weapons (yes staffs) that creates energy fields which can lessen gravity or give you regeneration.There are a total of 9 bosses in Starbound (Terraria 1.0 had 3 and Starbound Beta had, at most, 4). Each are unique and different in their own way. I won’t spoil anything else about them. A mission through a relatively long dungeon usually precedes them, which is generally filled with secrets. Every dungeon and boss, save 2, are defeated as part of progressing through the story. Now, Starbound has been getting a lot of flak for its story. I don’t know why. It isn’t that bad and is often quite engaging. You don’t even have to do the story missions and dungeons (except for the first one) lest you want to fight the bosses. You can travel the universe going crazy and doing whatever the heck you want and disregard the story altogether.I have also heard a lot of people going at Starbound for having “nothing to do after you beat the story”. This is one of the most absurd things I have ever heard. The following is a list of things you can do after or during the story questline.1.	Build a Colony: It is entirely possible to create your own civilization. You can build houses to gain NPC’s. Some of these tenants are even special and unique if you create the right style of home.2.	Build: Don’t want a colony? Then just build. Starbound has A TON of furniture and block types in it. You aren’t even restricted to certain block colors as you can paint blocks with a Matter Manipulator (such is how I made blue dirt :P)3.	Explore: Starbound has so much to offer from planet to planet. You can comb a world for exquisite mini-biomes or portals leading to certain challenge rooms. Or you can look for loot. I do a lot of that.4.	Dig up fossils: Remember that fossil game in Pokemon 4th Generation? You can do a similar version of that in Starbound and look for A LOT of different kinds of fossils.5.	Play Mazebound 64 at the Beakeasy: A PLAYABLE maze game in a game. Gameception.6.	Finish other questlines: Complete the Gladiator or Museum questlines (no more spoilers).7.	Gather a crew: You can hire a crew to your starship that actually do have a beneficial effect towards advancing the efficiency of one’s spaceship.8.	Farm: There are a lot of crops one may farm in Starbound.9.	Cook: Then, using those crops, make an absurd amount of foodstuffs ranging from jams to dumplings.10.	Try on hats: I have never seen a game with more hats than Starbound.11.	Ride vehicles: There aren’t any mechs, but there are hoverbikes and a boat.I’m probably missing some stuff but that is all I could come up with off the top of my head. Now, I’m not saying Starbound is perfect. At times it is sort of slow, especially in the beginning, but once the ball gets rolling, it gets ROLLING. It is hard for me to make many criticisms of this game, as there is, undoubtedly, so much to offer, regardless of any removed content.All in all, I love Starbound. Regardless of its time in beta, the end result that I play now is brilliant and fantastic. I recommend this game to the highest extent, right up there with Dust: An Elysian Tail and Undertale. So get the game and have a good time. The Universe is waiting."
76561197971587523,Not Recommended,211820,14387105,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,CabbageSalad,Linear and a little boring
,Recommended,211820,21678821,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Franco,Help me
76561198033192345,Not Recommended,211820,21816564,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Oopsy,Well if you use to play this game just stay away.  Everything that was fun about traveling around is gone.  No explanation on things to do is as normal as it was just a bit more silly.  I want to like this but find watching videos of people lost trying to figure out what to do and how to get places was more fun than playing this.  Probly me just liking the way the game use to be a bit but i might try back in another year or so maybe they will have a tutorial that works or one that u can at least follow.
,Recommended,211820,20456034,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,KoolAidtheRed,"Much fun to be had playing Starbound, just be ready for a bit of a slog through the early game till you get some unlocks.First few times I tried to play I literally could not make it longer than 30 minutes, but if you push through things get better."
76561198249927886,Recommended,211820,20531449,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,YasKween,"As soon as I started, just a few minutes in, I thought it to be the best game I have ever played. If you liked Terreria, think of this game as a version of it pumped full of adrenelin.The graphics may look a bit to pixely, but once you play the game, it's absolutley beautiful.The only problem with this game is that as soon as you land on the planet below, you find out that your character takes lots of damage quite easily.Anyway, back to the good stuff. If you have a computer like mine, which can't handle really good graphics or just cant play a 3D open world game, this will work for you.Also, the music is awesome. If you can, I recomend you play this game with the volume turned all the way up. Some of the music get to you and you find yourself whistling to it when you're not playing it.If you hate short games that end in an hour, this is the game for you. I don't know if it's true or not but I heard that there's ove 450 million planets to be explored! So even after you finish the story (is it a story?) you can still have fun. Discover other planets, fight other bosses, (if you haven't got the best weapon in the game) get the best weapon in this game... ect. ect. ect.If someone asked me if I could sum up this game in one word I would find it very hard. But I'll say: Awesome.So do not, I repeat do not belive those people in the reviews saying the game's crap! So buy it!THE END!!!"
,Recommended,211820,14055430,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,noobhatts,This game is very fun. I baught this game in August 2014 and ive played 173 hours at this time of this review (but soon it will be 200+ hours :) )
,Recommended,211820,24460904,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,0x027,The Early Access Game that delivered
76561198004966623,Recommended,211820,16904822,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,RunningWithScissorsBlindfolded,i love terraria then i met starbound.it didnt take it long to steal my heart from terraria.i felt ashamed and guilty after somany years we were together. just starbound was so much more it was terrarias hotter sister sayin take me instead.if your a fan of terraria or sandbox indie games this is definitely worth havin in your library.
,Recommended,211820,24460919,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Spookster Desuwa,First of all CONGRATS ON LEAVING EARLY ACCESS! Also this game is great! I bought this game then regretting that buy and a couple of years later I come back to see it's one of the best games I've ever had! I'm completely addicted to it! I liked the unstable build better at first but there was that HUGE temptation of cheating but idk why in normal Starbound I barely even think about /admin.
76561198091488975,Recommended,211820,17135371,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,WishfulFiend,This game is great!
,Recommended,211820,17162545,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Fallen jack,good but needs more work... apparently theres no way to save your pet from starvation
,Recommended,211820,11869242,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,☣PoisonRain☣,i love it!!!!!!! ^^
76561198109243277,Recommended,211820,12142367,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Rush that speaks,"fantastic game, so far......even though we have no nova kids yet......ahem..."
,Recommended,211820,12108750,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,White Sphinx,great game to play esspecially when you have friends to play with
,Recommended,211820,12109735,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Scratchy McScrotebag,100% GET THIS GAME! SO MUCH CONTENT
76561198038787262,Recommended,211820,13991923,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Fawne DaBear,"TL;DR - It's cute, but wait for the 'Winter Update'.I was in the same camp as the folks who were upset about there being no updates, the game does stall at a certain point and once you've played with your friends and made your epic bases you're left with little else to do. The replay-ability is there but at the moment every race has a singular and rather dull 'quest' line, if you want to call it that. In it's current state it is not a game I would recommend.However, I took a chance on the nightly build and I'm not going to say too much more than 'It's a whole new game'. There's more to explore, the crafting system has been streamlined, your ship looks nifty, and each race feels a little more unique now. I think once this 'winter release' is out it will very much be a game worth playing, and one I would recommend."
76561198072195304,Recommended,211820,14219727,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,E001AN,It great. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,18134738,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Lexiphea,"Although the game is suprisingly short, the game's still in development and I have to say this is one of the better games in the 2D genre."
,Recommended,211820,14224249,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,S3cTi()N 8uP,"One of the best, if you are into Terraria type games, I have the top 4 and of those this one is my favorite. With all the new 2014 Winter additions   this game is really taking shape."
,Recommended,211820,15512497,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Tarew,"Been ages since I reviewed this, so I guess I should update a bit. I wiped what I had previously because most of it is inaccurate after the amount of time that has passed. Starbound is a very good game that has immense potential, just dragged down by lack of content."
,Recommended,211820,13357152,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,+..+,스킬 재미로 하는 게임   은근 중독성
76561198057976973,Recommended,211820,24565400,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,✿ daisy ✿,"Starbound is fairly enjoyable game, you get to explore lots of different planets but I wish there was some more varieties with them without using mods. The main quest was surprisingly short, and didn't really leave anything memorable. You couldn't get attached to the NPCs' because they did literally nothing that would've made them stand out.  I would've enjoyed longer story line for the game, considering that the game takes place in space.The game is good fun, you can do a lot in it, but personally I find it more enjoyable to play with friends than alone."
,Recommended,211820,13606950,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Swerveezy,terraria but in space o-o... awsome Great game id give it8/10 on controls (sometimes wonky imo)9/10 in gameplay (Sci-fi Terraria!)9/10 on character/block/visual appealoverall awsome if you liked terraria or any other kind of 2d sandbox game you'll love this ^^!over all 9.5/10
,Not Recommended,211820,14264494,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,General Inaptitude,"I waited a year for this stable. Although at first glance it seems pretty fun, after several hours, getting to know how this works, learning how to use shields, getting all the best gear, collecting everything I can, and honing my skills: I cannot defeat the first boss.Even though I understand what to do, I keep getting killed by Lasers. I am deeply enfuriated and I feel betrayed; this game is way, way too hard. Nothing can help me beat this boss, except by finding a tutorial online and finding the one way in which it IS posible. Every time I die, I need to go through the entire dungeon AGAIN?I do not play roguelike games. Starbound is now dead to me."
76561198014724823,Recommended,211820,14356211,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,redtieguy,"You play an intergalatic bug-catcher.  I BS you not.You explore your crash-landed world, build a butterfly net, and catch 2 bugs from your planet.  You build a bedroom and put the bugs in jars, leaving them in your bedroom.You dig to the center of the planet to repair your ship so you can travel within your galaxy, getting more bugs from nearby planets.  You catch two more bugs from a desert planet and an ocean planet.  You now have 6 bugs and have to make a second shelf for more bugs in jars.You save a mining colony from ugly, fleshy mutants.  It is a violent struggle.  They repay you by repairing your ship for intergalatic travel.  You harvest fuel from a moon.  You travel to different galaxies, exploring for bugs.  Along ythe way you find temples, tombs, villages, underground dungeons, and a variety.  You steal their furniture.You now have a bug collection room, complete with shelves.  You have to start creating a catalogue and squinting to make sure you don't have two of the same bug displayed.  You've built more rooms for the furniture along the way.In order to keep building your nice furniture and showing off your travels, you have a forest of trees and cacti on your left.  On your right, you have a farm of fruits, veggies, and coffee that spans five systems.You have statues of Avian bird-gods, walls made out of dense ""plantstone"" that makes it looks like a forest, and a sandstone room filled with bookshelves raided from the robot race.You expand your bug collection, color-coordinating them and moving them to the basement, since it is easier to expand as you find more bugs.  You make more lights so you can see these bugs.You track planets to find the right ore for armor/robots/applicances.  You make a radioactive protective suit.  You use said suit to explore radioactive planets.  You hope these bugs glow in the dark."
,Recommended,211820,13071063,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Carolus,Soo much LOOOOOOORRRRRREEEE! <3
,Not Recommended,211820,14137103,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Foamy,"Dull, poorly explained, weak story. Doesnt even maintain the interest of a post-Terraria worldview. Unimpressed and annoyed that my money was wasted."
76561198046538204,Not Recommended,211820,24546915,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Stellwing👻,"To be honest i expected a LOT more than what we were given. It sure was a fresh start at the beginning of developement but the promises just went more shallow as time went on.Surely this can't even be near to be called ""finished""I hope they make the combat system even remotely interesting this promised year of updatesMy point is that the game doesn't know where it wants to go and it results in a draught of content in my opinion(Just go back and make a new character in Terraria or wait for a sale for this overpriced mess)I don't know i am very sceptical in this matter and it doesn't help that i bought this during ""early access"""
,Recommended,211820,13567388,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,EgN-S| Roaxes,A fun game with many randomized mechanics to keep you surprised every time you play. If you want all the features switch to Nightly build. But don't worry since winter update seems to be coming soon for stable :D. Most of the people complaining about starbound never updating don't know about nightly build.
76561198072209852,Not Recommended,211820,20293896,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Gun,"I loved this game but when I can back to it, it didnt feel the same and it sucks. Need to go back to the older versions or something..."
,Not Recommended,211820,24640383,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,TomatoWalrus,"Incredibly stale and boring. Save your money or just get Terraria or Minecraft. I would pay maybe $5 for this game, not the $15 they're charging for it.Edit: I listed the price as $20+. When I bought Starbound 2 years ago, it was over $20. The price has changed but my opinion has not."
,Recommended,211820,13096351,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Bnuggz,"Absolutley fantastic game. Truly. Even in its unfinished state, a great play, with a ton of content. The dev team are taking their time to make a game that is worth playing, and the nightly updates (for the nightly build) are a really fun way to try out new stuff they come out with. A great experience!"
76561197995254828,Not Recommended,211820,15834299,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Pidgeon Man,"Fails to deliver.This isn't the first pre-released game I have ever played but it is the first to disappoint. Where most pre-released games give a healthy flow of updates to keep things interesting starbound rarely, if ever, gets any updates. This would'nt be a problem if the updates they had were big and ground breaking for the game (granted there was one good update) but the majority of the updates that have been released are small and are insignificant.To Chucklefish: Stop making pixel art of stupid giraffe's and koala's and start fixing your game you incompetent mess of a dev team."
76561198116662766,Recommended,211820,19823564,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Jävla Namn,möe
,Recommended,211820,19819260,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Azgaar,Good
76561198145920338,Recommended,211820,18221023,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,KnightWolf,"Starbound is a great game overall with continous work and combat,this game can become a challenge if your not careful or not paying attention to what your doing,which is why this is a great game"
,Recommended,211820,18606853,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Amethyst,Defo prefer this to Starbound
,Not Recommended,211820,18653282,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,UndeadGhost,"I bought this 2 years ago, every now and again I come back to see if its finished... not much has changed in two years. Perfect example of when Early Access does not work."
,Recommended,211820,10824663,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[Insert Name Here],the first night i dug a hole and stayed there the whole night. didnt know you could beam to your ship after you beamed down....10/10 xD
,Recommended,211820,10019513,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mr. Executive War Elephant,"You don't have to wear anything. You can be an intergalatic warrior, without clothes.14/10"
76561198010810207,Recommended,211820,24475165,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,qyburn13,"Starbound.. I remember this game being buggy and having major performance issues. I remember my framerate capping at around 20fps if I was lucky... I remember combat being janky.. I remember random crashes.I remember.. not having a sense of direction.. having nothing to aim towards and no feeling of making any kind of progress.This is no longer the case. Frame rate is now smooth and consistant. There is now a narrative (albeit a shallow juvenile one), a sense of purpose, things to aim towards. Item crafting, community building, crew recruitment, town building. There is just a hell of a lot to do.Should you buy this game if you were disappointed with the early access alpha? Yes. Absolutely. This is not the starbound you remember.  It is infinitely improved not only in terms of content but also in terms of gameplay.Should you buy this if you are totally new to the game or genre? Yes. For the price you will more than get your moneys worth. There is just a huge amount of content. Are you someone who likes building or crafting? There are literally thousands or blocks and items to decorate with. Are you someone who likes side scrolling combat? The combat is now smooth, there are thousands or weapons, boss fights are fun and challenging and have items to farm.One minor negative is that the story is absolutely terrible. It's juvenile, badly written and seems very stuck on at the last minute. The good news is that you can pretty much ignore it and go about your business.Just buy it, download some mods, play it for the crafting and exploration and ignore the awful story and you will have a blast."
,Not Recommended,211820,14431075,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Squishy,"Cannot even play this anymore, continuous crashing, wont even save the characters I make anymore. Uninstalling til it's out of beta or a bit more stable.Otherwise I love this game I can't wait to see what it's like when it's further along."
76561198210567660,Not Recommended,211820,14433220,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,dog attak,this game never even works anymore!
76561198019736301,Recommended,211820,13619220,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ElusiveBeard,"I know that I'm late to post on the new updates for Starbound, but let me tell you.  I've been following this game since its early stages (techincally, being an ""Early Access Game"" it is still there?) and been there for all the dreaded, but much needed, resets.  I really do enjoy the plethora of new biomes, creatures, fauna, ore, weapons, tools, etc.  They are, no doubt, a much wanted and needed accompaniment to the game.  But to be truthful, the first thing that had me crack a smile was the full-360 sword (or what have you) control.  Hands down, or anywhere I damn well please now, my favorite addition.  No more standing 6 inches from an enemy and, because of a single block/chunk difference separates us in elevation, I seem to miss every swing.  I felt like I was playing Super Mario Brothers all over again, with its incessant jumping in order to get the most trivial action done.  Wow.  I was jumping around and swinging in excitement.  Not because I had to, but because I could!  After the initial swirl of giddy emotion wore off, I couldn't wait to check out what else was enhanced or now available.What's next?  Two words: Ship + Expansion.  I mean, who wants to be forced to build on a world simply to hold your goods and feel the need to uproot that stockpile just to move it to another world where it would make it more efficient to have it as you are past mining all of that iron ore.  That was a mouth full, and even more of a hassle to carry out.  And now they say I can put everything on my ship (with the needed additions to your ship, of course) and act like a true treasure hunter, explorer, marauder, etc? Yes, please!  I haven't been able to examine all aspects of the new changes to Starbound, but I will definitely be checking them out more after the holidays."
,Recommended,211820,21828892,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Blue Dolphin,"How do I update it? I have glad girrafe update 3 on, but i know there is a better version. Please include a 'search for update' button on the launch screen. But otherwise, its good."
76561198096984868,Recommended,211820,16998471,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,captainkuba,Buy It!Its worth the 15 dollars. Especially with the new updates adding in a huge amount of story.Get it
76561198012319572,Not Recommended,211820,24469261,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Why the longface,"Avali is not an official race by 1.0, f this game."
,Recommended,211820,23349245,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,tehgreatestsam,"A fun game.Howver, there are some issues.*At first, it's really slow. You die a lot.*The first quest is next to impossible without 200 bandages.*After that, you start making a MASSIVE wave of progress, and it starts going really fast!*Then... after that (around after the 3rd ship upgrade), it gets slow again.However, the main thing that annoys the HELL out of me is that the game still thinks you're playing when the only thing you have open is the server client!!!!!!!!Now I have 190 extra hours on record. 190 hours where I wasn't even playing.Anyway, the infinite weapon diversity (kinda like Borderlands) makes up for it, as well as the perfect world generation process. Buy it."
76561198051937150,Recommended,211820,24716950,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,SAP | Monopoly,"Why this is my favorite gameThis is one of my favorite games. Why? Because of the awesome music, gameplay, graphics and the ability to play with friends by just inviting them to your world. It is pretty much impossible to get the same exact weapon since item generation is always different which means you have a chance to find a legendary weapon on the starter planet. It also has many, many planets to explore and a great story. you can play through the game in quite a few different ways like taking your time and grinding, or making a base to recruit npcs to help you fight, or you could just go through the game quickly without having to grind much. But that last one is probably the hardest one to do but the fastest. In my opinion, this is an amazing game with a lot of variety."
,Recommended,211820,24722922,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Kiki,"This is a very detailed review of the game for anyone who is new to it and planning to get it.I had no expectations when I loaded up the game considering I didn't play much of the early-access. My husband and I immediately jumped into the multi-player and ever since we've been playing together on our spare time, its amazing, we love it.For me, the biggest thing is able to enjoy such a vast game with my spouse...Gameplay:PROS-Vast options for creating settlements (houses) theres literaly hundreds of blocks you can play with to create diverse dwellings for your NPCS.-The building UI is so much smoother than other games I've played. There's no need to equip several different tools to build houses, your Matter Manipulator is diverse on what it does, cutting building time in half, makes it enjoyable and relaxing.-Exploring!: Theres so many planets to visit and gather from, if you're a builder like me, you're excited to find new blocks, furniture and even pre-made homes/castles/villages etc to build on or simply appreciate. You just hop on your ship and pick a planet to land on.-The game feels alive, literally. Planets terraform themselves before your eyes when you land on them, rain fills up the little holes on the ground, some blocks begin to melt away and create oceans. The npcs are cute, and intelligent enough to move around easily. They have their own personalities and even trade 'secret messages' within the settlement. Among a lot of other factors, this makes the immersion of the game feel more real and charismatic.-Lots of story and details found in Codex.-Multi-player is easy to setup, even easier through steam link. It's fun, theres party options, and you can beam to your party member, or their ship.-Amazing workshop for modding!-Literally 100+ hours of gameplay.-Beautful and unique pixel graphics .CONS-The races feel lackluster and it doesn't give much of a personalized experience. Besides a few details, the gameplay (so far) isn't affected by the race you pick.-Bosses... Where are the bosses? Why am I mindlessly hacking through lesser enemies as I run around the planet? Give me Boss Hunting!-Block diversity. If I'm picking up wood that looks white, why does it turn into generic wood when I break it down? This feature might seem silly to ask for, but it breaks immersion and the incentive to go out and find unique building materials.-Theme'd dungeons seem repetitive.-UI for adventuring is frustrating and takes time to get used to.-Movement feels... limited. For a game thats heavy on exploration and adventuring, I feel like it could give more options for moving around planets more easily as you progress through the game.-Quests are uninteresting. I enjoy the simpleness of it but Id like to also have longer-more complex quests.-Monster drops (almost) dont exist. You get most of your loot from chests.-The armor/wep system is limited.-Crashing,  Bugs, missing content. Multi-player is somewhat unstable.The game makes-up it's cons by being filled with large amounts of content that is enjoyable for builders, adventurers, roleplayers and so on. It's a game that has something for everyone.Officially, the game just started. I am hoping for a lot of improvements. From the looks of it, Chucklefish isn't going to abandon this jewel. It's very promising, even on it's release form  the game is enjoyable and has so much content you won't be thinking about the next update for a while.I recommend it, you'll get your moneys worth and have a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,211820,24726289,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Daddy Doop,"Starbound.... Where to begin.. This game is spectacular, and for anyone that doesn't what it is like, it is essentially roughly Terraria, but here's the catch: In Space! This game offers an unforgettable journey through space, with virtually infinite planets to explore, but aswell as the countless hours you'll spend exploring, there is also a pretty descent story, however, I will not spoil it for people who have never played this game. There are 7 distinct races to play as, each with their own unique ship, which can be upgraded throughout the game. This game isn't the longest game you'll ever play however, but if you stick to exploration, instead of just rushing through the story, it can be a pretty long. I will say that the game is a little on the easy side though, and I do believe that some of bosses need a little buffing, especially the final boss, which is quite epic. This game also offers an unforgettably beautiful OST, with a huge variety of tracks that can be just plain epic, or even touch your emotions a little. This game is beautiful and holds a special place in my heart, so for anyone out there wondering what to spend their $15 dollars on, the answer is simple, i'll let your imagination figure that out."
,Recommended,211820,24734284,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,kRystal is Rage ツ ♡,Very replayable if exploring a giant universe is your kind of thing.
76561198020359436,Not Recommended,211820,24719298,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Kfknf911,"used to recommend this game.been in support through the rare updates as well as the regular, thick and thin for years. now we are full release. load title, change to full screen, 1080p and BOOM, menu disappears!! resolution out of proportion, cant see any options, alt enter is♥♥♥♥♥♥too so dont try, uninstall, install, still the same.ballsack of a release, 2 simple video changes,and broken. not gonna intricately wipe my drive to install and try again and see if theyll let me play in full screen and or 1080p.years, didnt just buy it now.get it if you like a hassle just to get into character creation or dont care to change video settings, which i couldnt perform either after 1.0 release??? wish i could get a refund yrs later...good luck chucklefish, i tried patience, but luckily many other devs have most of their♥♥♥♥♥♥together by 1.0, so plenty to play. interface is a part of the game, so is user customization of interface.Ps. tried on 2 pcs nvidia and amd, processors amd and intel. new builds too, same results.wait for 2.0, maybe thats the new proper"
,Not Recommended,211820,24908093,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,?,Just another underwhelming Terraria clone.This game is a poster child for unoptimized games.No ability to adjust anything to help it preform better in game.In my experience and the experience of my friends in single player the underwater parts of the game are horrendously laggy and tend to crash.I had to forbid anyone from going to the underwater areas on the server lest it just crash.The game is also way shorter than you would expect from a world jumping Terraria.This game is reason I never buy Early Access games anymore.(exception for RimWorld I have been following it before it hit Steam)
,Recommended,211820,25420191,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Yxng Slimy Dick,"Wanted $60 for No mans sky, and it turned out terrible.Wanted $15 for Starbound, and it turned out amazingly great."
,Not Recommended,211820,23222371,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,ZeerelValkyrie,If you enjoy Terraria you'll enjoy Starbound.In some ways there is less to do.In some ways there is more to do.....However I am dissapointed in a certain change. One of my favorite things about starbound was that you could use capture pods to capture alien creatures and they would level up and help you fight.This amazing feature (clearly inspired by Pokemon) was removed.I won't be paying as close attention to this game as I once was.
76561198119596684,Recommended,211820,23049455,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Extinguished Revenant,they are litteraly taking so long to release 1.0 that my hand now probbably has carpal tunnel and im typing this with my left hand. help me
76561198165720811,Recommended,211820,23122099,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,SnS Blood,awesome better then my brother
,Not Recommended,211820,15243210,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Brocktopus,"I thought this game was going to be great, especially because the makers of terraria were involved, but its not all its cracked up to be. You would be better off sticking with terraria."
,Recommended,211820,11798839,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Misato Katsuragi,"all you need to know is that, even in early access, i had more fun playing this over terraria.edit: people got mad for me saying that, so let me restate my opinionterraria sucks"
,Recommended,211820,24484585,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,DAQUXO,"This game one of the best my purshares, it's terraria with unlimited spase and systems + journey, you must to explore, learn, eat,  pass missions and other duties. You can fly through the space and fight with enimies,explore caves and cities, go to outpost city and pass so interesting and amazing missions, or simply build your house or village and quite live...A lot of kinds of creatures to choose. You need to repair your spaceship to make in bigger...There is the best RPG in 2d, if you have doubts about it, crash it!Buy and enjoy!The one minus is lack of russian language( I'm from Russia) and others languages, but it not the main problem ) Good lukc!"
76561198014981589,Not Recommended,211820,14467009,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,john.sumners,Terrible. I have multiple computers and networks to test this game out on and this game just runs awful on most systems I used. I like Terraria but this game is horrible in comparison. Just don't buy it.
,Not Recommended,211820,14343303,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Velkeem,"Okay, so me and my roommate have been playing the new ""stable"" build update, or rather...trying to. I like the improvements and the more indepth missions. However, we cant get past the Erchius Mining Facility mission because as soon as we get to the boss, the game grinds to a sudden halt and then crashes. Nearly every single time. I don't know if anyone else is having this problem, but from where I stand this build is NOT stable. You can't call a game stable or even functional if it crashes repeated at a major milestone of the game. So now, me and my roommate are stuck in a perpetual purgatory where we cannot experience most of the new content, and any attempts to change that result in an inevitable waste of time. Until they devs make this build what they dare to call it, i cannot recommend this game. And based on this games history, i question whether or not it will ever really be worth it."
76561198012092602,Recommended,211820,13175626,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Peelz,"This game is amazingly detailed and immersive! There are infinite numbers of planets to explore, stuff to craft, houses to build, and monsters to fight!On the flipside, the game is still in beta and as such it lacks things such as a cohesive plotline and there are only one or two quests to complete. The combat could still use some work and the monsters still seem lackluster. These things are being worked on however, and the devs are doing a fantastic job filling in the missing pieces.In short, I would highly recommend this game to anyone if you have the patience to deal with an early access beta. It's a good time!"
76561197966921756,Not Recommended,211820,13594320,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scatterbine,"Like Terraria, except there's nothing to do.In Terraria, you get put on a planet and your adventure begins.  Everything is explained and/or is intuitive.In Starbound, it puts you on a planet without much direction.  I don't really know what I'm supposed to do.  It isn't polished like Terraria even though it's clearly a ripoff of Terraria.  You'd figure that would mean it would be better as they'd offer improvements.  But that is not the case."
,Recommended,211820,13175765,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,[(FM)] Khilseith,Oh how this game has come from a bugy as hell erlay accses to a beatiful product i just ... have no words. ;D
,Recommended,211820,13420576,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,ToiletCleaner666,it's amazing no that the winter update is in sight i think it's a great time to buy the game ( if you didn't already)
76561198063407595,Not Recommended,211820,18187214,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,kill_zone5,"No...Not in a million years. The problems I have with this game are incredibly hard to look past.tl;dr: Go play Terraria. The multiplayer is easier to understand/access. Haven't had a problem of major proportions. THa gae is actually released and not in EA because it wants to slowly kill itself.This game is about two years into early access....TWO YEARS!!! THat is more thanany EA (not to be confused with the company but I mean Early acess) game on Steam I have ever or actually seen. With the amount I played, I would have released it as is (well I mean to a degree but its at least FUNCTIONAL) and all of these updates...they seem like free contant add ons that could have been given...AFTER THE GAME WAS RELEASED!!!! If your game has issues, FIX this issues, don't keep adding MORE to the problem!BUt honestly my biggest problem is the multiplayer. Now before anyone goes off on how ""oh you just want the devs to just ""hand"" you an easy multiplayer experiance"". NO!NO! get that s*** out of here.If it was as easy as everyone SAYS it is to get in there then I would not have a problem...but I tired everything. I tried portforwarding, I tried Evolve, I tried Hamiachi. You know what happened? Nothing. No multiplayer, no private servers, no nothing. I bought this game so I could play with my GF. She loves crafting games. SO I did not buy this game to play the single player by myself. And when I went to ask for help, I was rudly told by the modderators to ""Get bent"".I am done with this gaame. It had potential. HAD POTENTAL. WHatever it had is gone, a fighment of itselt. I cannot ful heartidly reccomend this game with such doge practices, absoulytly picky MP, and rue and otherwise unhelpful modderators."
,Not Recommended,211820,13776342,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Velvety Smooth Deer Pussy,If you want a good 2D game get Terraria not this game. this game is just the autistic brother of Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,17137446,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Samastic,"This game is like if you took Terraria, put it in space, added different races, multiple maps, bosses, quests, shops, and music instuments along a whole lot of other things and packed into one neat little game with a different art style.The only problem is it takes to long from updates to come out, but you can still find your own fun. It's like this: after you complete all of the missions and get your last upgrades, you are left with you own devices. That's where most people hit a problem, what do I do next? And that's where the game dies, quickly. If you don't have one big plan after you stop questing, you get board really quick, and that's a prolem.I sank 50 hours into this game after update, but then I got board and left. It much more fun with friends, but even that has it's limites. You and you buddies will do al of the stuff, and get the upgrades, and then what? You all go off and mess around in another game. That's mostly because, even though there is a bit to do, it is very empty feeling. It's hard to explain, it's like when you finish a story, to a sandbox game and it still lets you run around. Nothing much left to do but to jump off cliffs.What might look like a big game with a lot to it, turns out to be a shell for a game that needs to be developed. If you want a bang for your buck, get this game on a 10% or more sale and then the price will match the content. Other than that, I wish that there was more to this. It has unlimited potental, they just need to fill that gaps.If you skipped to the end for my final thought:good, needs work, nice art"
,Not Recommended,211820,18918830,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,TopKek,Not progressing
76561198113255062,Recommended,211820,13468917,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,CHeeki BReeki_Lipova,cool
,Recommended,211820,13496144,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Arkken,"Since I was 5 and watched Star Wars I dreamed about an age...an age where different races could get along and by travelling and exploring the universe you could find a friendly civilization or a hostile organization. I won't be alive to see this future if it happens but I got Starbound,which makes me feel like I am living that dream,in it's current state still a lot of things to be done,but it's a good game,sorry...*ahem*... Great game and the devs are working on it,if you are searching for Terraria's brother it's not this game,it can be considered its...cousin.Anyway,if you got any doubts about buying this game or not,buy it. Why? Think of it like a simulator of the future with a great dose of good phantasy,but goddamn... I love this game."
,Recommended,211820,13606325,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,kinghellguy,like the art style and the worlds you can explore however non remappable controls make it hard for me to really play for long at this time really hope that they let us change more settings control wise but its great aside from that
,Not Recommended,211820,17977959,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Cantaloupe,"I feel bad for whoever gifted me this, cause it was not worth it at all."
76561198208845752,Not Recommended,211820,23911564,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡ °) Darth Zan,"==========================================================Starbound Review==========================================================I like this game, it isn't bad. I have a LOT of complaints with it though, so let me get started.- This game is a rinse and repeat game, you go to a planet/solar system. Get Ores and turn them into armor, get better anvil/crafting table/furnace. then you do a mission from the outpost.- Planets are VERY similar. There are 5-6 types (Forest, Asteroid, Moon/Fuel planet, lush lifefilled planet, desert, and gates)Their set ups are mostly the same with almost NO variation of enemies nor ores/minerals... some planets have more of something than others.- Missions are all the same just sorta different, move through an area, kill the boss, profit and to get a new mission all you have to do is get the next armor set... kinda bland gameplay after so long.- IP connections, I use Hamachi, but not many reviews list this so people who don't do port forwarding know. To use Hamachi in this game is REALLY difficult, you need to access the files and CHANGE things inside the files... it is easy, but fairly tedious.For now I would say it isn't worth it, maybe if all the planets are different and their life/creatures are all different and there is a REASON to go to different solar systems... Then maybe it would be worth the $14.99, but right now it is worth $5 or maybe closer to free like $2.49. If they release it like this without no variation... It will never be worth the price you pay unless it is on sale. STAY AWAY unless you want something like what I listed above or if it is on sale for about $5."
76561198124073308,Recommended,211820,16537529,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,M10 TANK DESTROYER,"What a game! If you're like me and you loved Terraria, you need to buy this game. I'm not saying they're the same, what I'm trying to say is that the gameplay is similar in many ways. This game has a sense of fantasy, like Terraria. It's perfect for any Sci-Fi fans looking for an RPG to play alone or with friends. From my experience, the game shines brightest when you have your comrades at your side.I expected so much of this game. All of my expectations were met and then surpassed. Even after the quests are completed, there's still a sense of adventure and you feel as though there is still so much left to explore. I've played for more than 400 hours and there is still a lot I want to do."
76561198057933257,Recommended,211820,32796036,Posted: 25 June,all,Only Freeman,"If Terraria was 2D Minecraft, Then Starbound is 2D No Mans SkyExecpt its not♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211820,24485640,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Ins4niaC,Went and bought Starbound this evening and played a bit... Aaaaaaand its morning.
,Not Recommended,211820,17625198,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Dime,"Last update was 4 months ago, and it was a bug fix patch.  You decide if it's worth it."
76561198132957792,Recommended,211820,24738128,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,the-bitten-1,Awesome game tones of fun!
76561198067324195,Recommended,211820,24568221,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,H2O Hunter,"Let me tell you about Starbound.............Really getting into the game. 42 hours logged on it,I am having a blast.Went in the earth to get some mining done.Been mining for about a hour now.REALLY happy with all the stuff i have gotten.Think, ""I will go alittle longer then go back to the ship""I find lava.Still doing really good no complaints.I am in a ball rolling around the lava up walls and everything.Dig out 4 blocks downWall to my deathPutting my hands on my head in shock.Hopping, for a wish, my stuff was still in my bag.Of course its not because i have burned to death in a lava pool.Would i go back any mine again???HELL NO.11/10 would not play again"
,Recommended,211820,24545296,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Maj. T. Yorke.,It's cheap.  It's fun.  And even the people who don't like it still managed to spend around 100 hours playing it.That's a far better return on entertainment than almost anything else for 15 bucks.
76561198104361263,Recommended,211820,25198539,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Taddy Mason,"basically a 2D much better version of no man's sky. a seemingly endless universe full of procedurally generated worlds orbiting different types of stars. i love the wide variety in blocks, ores, decorations and buildable block types. the matter amnipulator makes it easy to pick up anything from anywhere. when you pick up a block from a structure on a planet, you learn how to make that block-which i really like. learning new recipes is as easy as grabbing bits and pieces from structures on planets. many planets also have moons orbiting them that have fuel for your ship to help you get to different solar systems and discover new solar systems and planets/planet types. the weather system is wonderful and interesting. for example, i was on a moon grabbing fuel when it was hit with a metor shower that blasted up bits of the surface when they impacted-on another world, i was digging a hole and it started raining and the hole started filling with water from all the rain falling from the sky and rolling down the hills i was making. you can pull/place blocks in the foreground/background and on an ocean planet, i was digging a hole in a floating island in a futile search for titanium to upgrade some of my crafting stations when i removed some blocks from the background and water from the ocean started pouring in and flooded my cave. the number of blocks that act like liquids or are liquids is impressive as well. from finding pools of oil or water or lava, to dry loose silt/gravel/slush that can bury you under an avalanche of it. i like that you don't die immediately-rather you slowly suffocate like if you were under water. little things like that really make this game engrossing and immersive in my opinion. the crafting system is easy to understand and use. placing blocks and decorations is easy and a lot of fun. i like exploring planets and finding ruins or people's homes or empty buildings-whatever might already be there and grabbing all the decorations that look cool to place in my ship or in the houses i build in my worlds. each sentient race appears to have it's own art/culture style and so far my favorite is the medieval robot knights and their torture device decorations.there's so much more to this game that i haven't discovered yet even in my 40 hours of gameplay so far-like catching/taming monsters/pets! or recruiting crew members for my ship/upgrading my ship. i'm exploring the story at my own, slow pace and i'm enjoying it immensely so far. the alien outpost i stumbled upon in the first quest showed me a taste of what i expect is waiting for me as i continue to explore this game. several different alien cultures, the shops, the quests, the NPCs-it's all so much better than what i was expecting. i wasn't expecting a bad game or anything like that, i just didn't expect it to be THIS good and this much fun!seriously, if you thought no man's sky looked cool but don't have $60 or don't wanna spend $60 on what looks like an unfinished indie game-check this game out. it may 2D, but it offers pretty much everything no man's sky does and more at a quarter the price. plus you can actually build with all the stuff you're grabbing in this game. and it actually has multiplayer."
76561197995681616,Recommended,211820,13186028,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Prof. Dr. Dr. Eimer,"Apparently the devs started updating again.. it's not worth buying it now though, wait for a later version!"
,Not Recommended,211820,13175204,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mr.J,"............................................________....................................,.-'""...................``~.,.............................,.-""...................................""-.,.........................,/..............................................."":,.....................,?......................................................,.................../...........................................................,}................./......................................................,:`^`..}.............../...................................................,:""........./..............?.....__.........................................:`.........../............./__.(.....""~-,_..............................,:`........../.........../(_....""~,_........""~,_....................,:`........_/..........{.._$;_......""=,_.......""-,_.......,.-~-,},.~"";/....}...........((.....*~_.......""=-._......"";,,./`..../""............../...,,,___.`~,......""~.,....................`.....}............../............(....`=-,,.......`........................(......;_,,-""............/.`~,......`-...................................../.............`~.*-,.....................................|,./.....,__,,_..........}.>-._...................................|..............`=~-,.....`=~-,__......`,....................................................`=~-,,.,...............................................................`:,,...........................`..............__.....................................`=-,...................,%`>--==``........................................_..........._,-%.......`...................................,I got this game in the begining of 2014 and the only somewhat good of a update they had was in 02/2014 but the game got boring. 1/10 would not play againGaben please remove this game from steam."
,Recommended,211820,14270082,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[purple]dragonfane,"went on a server, was mining a guy came up to me and said come to my ship, i accepted his party invite, and the ship was so big and had a arcade. He took me to a habitable planet, and we noticed that the trees had brains and thorns on them, he gave me some stuff like a bow, we found a cage guarded by weird creatures and they started chasing me but he protected me.We also killed the monkey in the cage and looted the chest we built on it a little bit then decided to explore.We found a mushroom village very small just 2 buildings, and ate the mushrooms and killed the mushroom people.We decided that these 2 buildings would be our home, so we decorated, he made it a outpost.Then..... starbound crashed and when i went back to the server i couldn't find him.I hope i can see him again. 10/10 would want to find him and make a party with him again."
76561198155757283,Recommended,211820,14271807,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,MegaSimCity,"When I first purchased this game in early development, I was very excited to experience ""terraria in space"", as we pretty much all did. However, when I started playing a few months ago, I found myself quickly bored, but I was understanding of the pre-alpha stage of development, and was eager to see how this development team worked to improve their game. Admitedly, a relatively long period of time passed before this update was relased, but in my opinion, it was well worth the wait. The new updated version still has a lot to be worked on, but the amount of progress made shows that none of that time was wasted. The combat is smooth, generated maps feel much more 'alive', and the vastness of the universe system recently implemented reflects how great of a game Starbound will become. If you have been hesitant to purchase this game because of its early development stage and have been waiting until it was at a higher level of completetion and 'playabilitiy', I belive it has reached that sweet spot with this update."
,Recommended,211820,14222531,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Julian,"Okay, I've played this game for a while now, it was fun at the start, and the exploration was cool and all, but I got bored with it after hours playing with it. I left it until it was either finished or new stuff came. The waiting paid off.It's back with a huge update. I'm hooked again. I don't really care if Chucklefish is two years late with this game, but I just love seeing them still improving this game.There are quests, new combat system (I don't consider it complete overhaul though lol), new biomes and more, I'm going to play this game again, and hopefully you can play the update as well."
,Recommended,211820,14270088,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Strajee,"Game was fun, the thrill of a new fight-to-survive game was great, at first, my planet seemed very barren, but over time I had transformed my planet into a little home :D -- Then, I decided it was time to use the distress beacon, A GIANT ♥♥♥♥ING UFO COMES DOWN FROM THE SKY AND DESTROYS MY HOME WHILST DROPPING ARMED ALIEN-PENGUIN THINGS. Would still reccommend."
76561198071529812,Recommended,211820,11569943,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Caterade,"I played quite a bit of this game back in April or May, and stopped playing in hopes that the full version would be out soon. I didn't want to spoil myself on what seemed to be an amazing experience.Well it is now August, and I hopped on to see if they had changed anything... They haven't. This game is just a cash grab with the Early Access stamp as an excuse for an unfinished game that you can pay to ""help develop"" even though they don't do anything themselves.Save yourself the trouble and just play Minecraft or Terrarria."
76561198081989193,Not Recommended,211820,17595369,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,cecilnezuto,"Edit: Almost 2yrs later and it actually got worse....Game was fine, while it lasted....the Devs are the shoddy part of the whole thing. They can be unhelpful, rude, will ban anyone who merely asks why we rarely, if ever get updates and have proven to be liars. Once Steam offers full refunds, instead of the limitations on refund policies, I'll gladly get my money back for this.The game, itself, is actually not half bad, if you enjoy these types of games, but with lack of purpose and nothing to really cement the gameplay or ""story"", it just feels like a shell of what it could be. In the right hands, this game would be a must own, especially for friends, but as it is and has been for quite some time, I can't honestly recommend anyone playing this and funding a game that just isn't being shown the love it deserves."
76561198099976847,Not Recommended,211820,20192982,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,W Silvermane,"I'm going to make this quick, like a bandaid.In it's current form, it is nearly unplayable. The ""combat update"", not even going to mention how the weapons were handled in, most certainly destroyed the coding for this game, and I honestly don't think their amazing London Office can fix this one, or care about it for that matter. EVERYONE, no matter your specs are or how much money you throw at them or into your hardware will make this game run as it should. *link below.I'm not sure if they just took the Nightly build, slapped it on into the Stable build without thinking, or just didn't think about how changing the entire coding would affect the game itself. It's hard to tell with the scarce few updates and ""feedback"" they give with every 5 months.With a company team that is supposedly ""better"", and I'm quoting their ""loyal"" fans as you've probably seen before, than others like Terraira or Minecraft's teams, they are certainly VERY skilled at not showing it so far. Maybe in the NEXT 2 years, the game will one day not leech off of Early Access like Nurgle and the flith pits, and ACTUALLY be updated to work. One day, in a far far away galaxy...I like this game, love it, I happily bought it to play with my friends, and they liked it too. You can easily mod, play, and now run servers through Steam! It has a near infinite playable ""universe"", and the mods expand that even farther. Mods are welcomed and have entire forum section for them! The people are good fun and the game is fun. The possiblity is almost endless.Though, that's not even possible anymore as it stands. I'll keep trying, and keep the game on my PC. But it doesn't have a silver lining.Maybe this game will become Abandonware in the future and we the people can make it the way it was meant to be. That's one possible out come, though it looks like the most likely. That is both good for the life of the game and bad.*As a bonus, here's ONE of the problems and the many people it affects. It's the most problematic currently.http://community.playstarbound.com/threads/glad-giraffe-starbound-not-fully-utilizing-hardware.103585/#post-2737703"
76561198118797815,Recommended,211820,24490866,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,nkr2003,Starbound1. Spawn2. See a Cool creature3. Aww its so cute4. It kills you5. Find it and kill it6. Do it again
,Not Recommended,211820,23381873,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,SPiercer,An awesome game fun to play but SOOOOOOOOOOO GRINDY if you want to keep playing you need to grind soo much you need to find structures which is really hard to find and every quest inqludes something super rare so you get bored all of a sudden i would wish if they would tell what dungeon is in there by planet description
,Recommended,211820,31872562,Posted: 20 May,all,autistic_hippo,almost completed the game... then my caracters were restet.... :( still good game!
76561198107533731,Recommended,211820,10541211,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,BornDirty1,This game is great...  Give it a try!!!
,Recommended,211820,8570536,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,MEX The Zexy Madman(pizza),You love Terraria? You love games where you can travel around space? Do you love the idea of somewhat Infinite planets? Then get this game you smeg for brains!
,Recommended,211820,12282259,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Shadow Kari,"A great way to spend an afternoon, calm, epic, and nostalgic.Also great musical score, a must own for fans of the survival, platform, sci-fi genres :3"
,Recommended,211820,13630572,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Moonshadow,spawned on top of a pirate ship with weapon equipped and got shot to death 10/10
,Recommended,211820,25584905,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,ppleater,"Played through the game in 2 sittings. God damn is it fun. Like No Mans Sky, but good."
,Recommended,211820,29757939,Posted: 7 February,all,Buggzly,"A more story based game then Minecraft/Terraria... In space.. xDYou get a pet, you make a crew, you design *almost* anything , you fight *almost* anything.It's a fun game, Planning to buy Terraria? Buy this instead!"
76561198004486901,Not Recommended,211820,29769219,Posted: 7 February,all,Rustyfetus,"♥♥♥♥♥out the full ""release"" of this game. Biggest regret purchased in my library."
76561198045094751,Not Recommended,211820,21523724,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,jrthom444,"This is a game where things start out promising and then the devs change direction.  When I first got the game it was a survival game.  You had to watch hunger and temperature which I thought added a great mechanic.  Then all of a sudden, gone.I think it is perfectly valid for game players to like and hate this mechanic, but what annoys me is, why coudln't they just make it a setting?   They already had the mechanic.  Now I have to rely on modders.Removing this from the game was a game breaker for me."
,Not Recommended,211820,21555226,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Duv,"Like Terraria, but trayush(trash). Incredibly slow paced and hard to get into. Gameplay is mostly uninteresting. The idea of exploring a universe has always been fascinating to me, but the worlds you visit have next to nothing to offer. On top of them being boring to look at and hardly distinct, they're mostly empty leaving nothing to find inside of them. The combat is simple and similiar to Terraria but no where near as fun. The aesthetics are decent, but nothing special. My love for Terraria and space make me want to like this game, but I just can't reccomend it."
,Recommended,211820,24478811,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Pappa Gunther,"An interesting mix of games. At first sight it looks and feels exactly like Terraria, until you find out that it has a gameplay mechanics of Dark Souls, crop growing of Stardew Valley and exploration of No Man's Sky. However, this game does not feel as a pure sandbox game, it seems to be story driven and much more linear. Though you can still go wherever you want and do what you want, though keep in mind you will have to complete those quests eventually!In short I would qualify this game as: 2d survival exploration game.Story wise this game is very short, and you can finish it in about 20+ hours. Maybe even faster if you are lucky with equipment. However, I would advice against rushing it, as it is much more enjoyable than you think.Pros:What I find a plus in this game is the housing system, which is a major improvement from Terraria. It is possible to build houses and rent them for NPC's, who later gift you with money or other useful stuff.Mining feels just right and with loads of upgrades to it, it's just fast and awesome. Really feels like futuristic Sci-fi. Sort of improvement from Terraria.Farming is another major improvement from Terraria, you can grow various different crops found across the galaxy on your litttle planet as well as sell them for profit. There are various cool mechanics implemented into the game, like automatic sprinkler system and much more.This game has a ship crew or should I say mercenaries for hire! What's not to like about that? They can even help you in exploration or boss fights.Your space ship can be upgraded and believe me it is huge when maxed out. Like holy @%$#!!!A vast 2D galaxy to explore on your own leisure.Pokemon balls... Yep that is right! They even have those for monster catching. LOL!Very large pool of enemies and neutral mobs. Really cool.Boss fights are really quite cool. Perhaps not as many as in Terraria, but they are really well done.Cons:Crafting system feels a little lackluster, since you have to click on each tool to actually enter it's crafting window. This makes it a bit frustrating when you are looking for something in particular. This is sort of a downgrade from Terraria, where proximity allowed you to see all of your tools crafting window. However, I must add that it looks way cleaner in Starbound.Two hours in I could already skip the first tiers of racial armor, therefore feeling a little strange to progress over certain armor tiers. Expected it to be the opposite, progressing from first to last, but that is not the case.Weapon crafting is just plainly bad, why even bother crafting them when you have better chances of mining around and finding chests that contain epics.It really feels like there is not enough content as in Terraria, but then again, Terraria was in development for how many years now past launch? This one is 50/50. If developers keep on improving the game or launching some expansion packs to further expand the story. I am all up for it!Food doe snot stack, which occupies a lot of bag space. Also making it frustrating to eat a bunch of the same when you have to drag every darn carrot out of the bag to eat it. Though it has to do with food going bad mechanism. That is understandable, but some of the food does stack and is better...Some crops are just not worth growing, there are a couple of crops that do stack and sell for a lot as well as provide bonuses when cooked. Why even bother growing something like potato?I do not rate games by grades, I rate them by $2 an hour. Is this game worth it? Yes, definetly."
76561198122233327,Not Recommended,211820,24661794,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Arsenic Flavoring,I died in the first 20 minutes of this game because you can't pause. So I starved to death.There is no pause button.Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me.
76561198086270830,Recommended,211820,24583449,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Akuma,"All in all, this is a lovely game.But really disappointing considering the original concept.I do recommend playing Starbound, but..it really falls short."
76561198113280619,Recommended,211820,21509324,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Aquamarine,"starbound, a great game, in my opinion.the races are diverse and unique.i love the soundtrackcombat after the combat update is greatbosses are unique.and your very own space ship.and for the people who like installing mods in games for more content and etc, its a easy game to mod."
,Recommended,211820,21532468,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,strekmann,"If you don't like to do♥♥♥♥♥♥ just type /admin :3 First rule, spawn cute clothes!"
,Recommended,211820,21018454,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Hitomi Hisoka,"Starbound, Oh what a lovely game. Single player is par, multiplayer is even more so valued. This game is worth so much more than minecraft and terraria. In this game you can play as seven different racesHuman - Normal old joe, your home planet earth is destroyed by a tentacle monster, you are lucky to survive. (I usually play as this)Floran - (This is one of my favorites) A species that functions like plants, it has a more ""Tribal"" style if you catch my drift.Avian - A bird species, they are wingless, they believe in the god Kluex and that complete dedication to following him will one day in the afterlife grant them wings again. They are similar to the Mayans.Apex - Super intelligent ape species that was super evolutionized by a process humans found that increased their mental capabilities but degraded their physical capabilities.Hylotl - A species that is namely Amphibian, They have 3 eyes, and have a style similar to Feudal Japan.Novakid - Cowboy gas bag people forged in the fusion reactor of a now dead star.Glitch - Robotic race meant as a simulation of growing civilization. A bug occured in them that made them stuck to the midievial period. No one knows who created them, not even them.The game has good lore to it, a basic quest system, some bosses, tons and tons of content and a whole galaxy to explore, what's not to love?I'd suggest buying it, don't buy terraria, buy this, you can travel through space, in terraria all you do is build houses and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198110839796,Recommended,211820,17148759,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Be3N2,"I've owned this game for a while now and have played it since the koala update but then it was fun but a bit to grindy for my taste but after playing again many updates later, I have to say its much improved and very fun. Highly recommend if looking for a fun new game to explore, dungeon, craft, mine, and build!"
76561198006644852,Not Recommended,211820,17500500,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Padtrick,I wonder if the devs forgot about this game and went back to their normal jobs?
,Not Recommended,211820,24607013,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,swsmith147,"This game is incredibly fun- right up until it starts crashing.  It crashes on startup...it crashes when you go thorugh gates...it crashes when you pet the cat.  I don't know if its a Mac issue or what, but this is one of the most unstable games I've ever played.  The developer's web site has a ""known issues"" page that is miles long.  I'm requesting a refund, and I am dissapointed because the game was truly enjoyable when it worked."
,Not Recommended,211820,21624038,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Nebula Punk,"It's a fun game with lots to explore and craft, made even better by mods. But it does get tedious always having to mine. You'll get to a point where you just feel like you're wondering around aimlessly as there isn't really a story. I would have liked a bit more structure and a nice, full fledged story to make this game not so repetitive. Still fun though.I'd say get this game on sale, but not at full price. For as long as it was in early access it should be much better. They even cut content for the final release.I also just can't get over how godawful the combat is. The combat here is basically the combat of the Elder Scrolls games translated into 2D. It's inexcusable."
,Recommended,211820,14767058,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Introverted,"Starbound: Great concept of exploration, building, crafting, and combat. All pushed into one beautiful 2d side-scroller. This game has had it's ups and downs but its finally starting to take it's shape. You choose from seven different races to play as, each with their own sets of gear & other recipes, spicing up your gameplay a little bit with every different character. The main selling point on this title is randomly generated, Meaning that there are TONS of combinations on guns, most melee weapons and nearly every monster in this game. With this being in the game it also shows that the planetary exploration system is near infinite, You found a something cool on a planet and want to share it with everyone? Post the coordinates and every else can go there and see it for themselves. While this game has alot of great points in it, It also has its downsides. It's not very well optimized at the moment, running very well for some low end pc's while not even budging on some high end pc's. This and many other bugs seem to throw people off in choosing to buy this game or not, But we have to remember that it is Early-Acess and isn't yet finished. So I highly reccomend this to anyone as long as they're willing to deal with the bugs & performance issue that may or may not happen."
76561198128409507,Recommended,211820,15013550,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Bertersner,"I love this game! The combat is great, I get a real sense of exploration, and most of all i am in space. The one thing that I HATE about this game is the multiplayer is soooo hard to set up, and I still have yet to set up a match with my freind. I Really hope that multiplayer will be more user freindly."
76561198051913508,Recommended,211820,15247553,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,SinisterSpydio,"8.5/10This game is quite fun, with developers that like to scare us beta players into thinking that they have stopped working on the game because of no updates, but then out of the blue throw a massive update at us which turns the game upside down but still managing to keep it's core mechanics together. It runs well with not too many bugs, you've got a good party system (sometimes annoying to type out a whole players name though, especially with it's S*n1st3r5piidi0 or something dumb like that). There are not too many quests and upgrades in the game as of yet, (In the sense that you could finish most of what there is to do in the game in 2-5 days if you really wanted to) but the devs just chucked a large update out that just introduced a new questing and travel system/mechanic so you gotta give them some slack. It's definately got some replayability as you can just create a new character and play with some different friends all over again. The tutorial isn't annoying or frustrating to replay unless you are on a multiplayer server where the starting planets ar completely destroyed.This game is worth. I'd say at the moment I would have given it a 7.9/10, but that would be disregarding future updates and a lot of potential in this game.so i'd probably give it a 8.5/10 instead. Reccomended to people who want a casual gaming experience with friends (A LOT MORE BORING BY YOURSELF THOUGH).8.5/10-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------IM JUST RANTING PAST THIS POINT!:-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------This is honestly an amazing game so far. It's still in beta after quite some time, but at least the developers are pushing out updates unlike some other beta devs out there. The devs will scare you by not releasing an update for months and then out of nowhere, BAM, a massive update that changes the game.This game has a great concept and mechanics, especially with some of the newer updates bringing out better quests/questing sytem and upgrades for tools and your ship. There are quite a few bugs that need to be ironed out, such as some planets crashing the client on landing.Many people say that this is just a space version of Terraria, but it is really much more than that. Some people, SOME PEOPLE,would probably be turned off by this if someone told them it was like Terraria, but I say to give it a try, since I know plenty of people who hated Terraria and the boring times that come with it and like this game a lot. I honestly found Terraria quite boring myself -_-*.Upgrades are quite satisfying as you upgrade your mining tool and your ship to be bigger and better. The mining tool (matter manipulator) can be upgraded to mine quicker and larger areas. The ship is upgraded to be bigger....A LOT BIGGER THE FURTHER YOU GET. I found myself hoarding a lot of items that i found (if you saw my ship and all the chests then you would understand just how much) and witht he ship upgrades there is definately a lot more space not only for storage, but for decorations as well.Questing used to be something that sort of served as a tutorial on how to play, but the new questing system run that over with a better tutorial and actual quests that gave you sick items. quests are required to unlock upgrades for your ship, techs for your nanosuit (or whatever the hell it's called) and boss battles (which are alright, a little difficult if you don't have the right gear or enough people).Travel right now is pretty simple. It costs fuel to travel to another solar system, depending on how far away it is it can range from like 50-1000. It doesn't cost fuel however to travel inbetween planets inside a solar system. fuel can be found on moons and there at least one in every solar sytem so you don't need to worry about breaking down and not being able to move anywhere.A problem I have is the fact that (like Terraria) this game saves the player information locally, and ONLY locally, not like, for example payday 2, where if you try to modify the player file, then it tells you that it doesn't match your previous account details an doesn't allow you to use it. The problem with Starbound's player files then are that people can easily modify them to cheat in many items, which can then of course make the game less fun as it removes the adventuring and challenge process of going out and getting the materials. I admit that I did use a program named Starcheat once to cheat in a quest item because i couldn't find it after about 2 hours of searching for it (after handing in the quest I found it after 5 minutes OMG). Cheating items in can allow you to give it to other players and ruin their experience aswell, BUT, the upside to this is, if you have finished the game already, you can modify your items and make yourself into a god and f**k s**t up and make epic a** weapons and guns a blow s**t up and create mutations and....i'm getting carried away here, but what you can do is try to continue making the game fun even after doing everything that you could possibly do in the game without using these cheats. HOWEVER it is quite tempting to just cheat something in if you have the program installed so I suggest not to install it unless you are sure you are done having fun with the game.WOW THAT WAS A LONG PARAGRAPH I REALLY GOT CARRIED AWAY THERE! ^^^Good game, good price, good developers (a little on the lazy side but they do provide good updates). I reccomend to buy it."
,Recommended,211820,17156446,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Emberhard,"Terraria meets Mass Effect.The more I think about it, the more I think that its the perfect way to describe this game.I am impressed with the way questing and actual story has been blended with the ultimate minecraft-y open world experiance, except its not just one world, its the unriverse!Awesome game, a ton of content for early access, quests, exploration, building, mining, boss battles, crafting, etc. etc. etc.Would highly recomend to anyone who likes open world sandbox games, sifi planet exploration, or platforming games."
,Recommended,211820,24585691,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,👻Spookerados🎃,Is basically Terraria with a spaceship that you can travel the universe in
76561198262048772,Recommended,211820,30565436,Posted: 17 March,all,Mr B,Meh
,Recommended,211820,25973891,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,VortexBro,"If you like terraria and wanted a more exporation, fighting, story, and SSPPPAAACCCEEEE! (if you didnt get that reference its from portal 2) but I've beaten this game and been through alot of its updates and I've supported this game from the begining. I'm not even joking when I say this, Its my most favorite game ive ever played. I honestly don't care on what people say about this game, its AMAZING! okay, of course your not going to know what the game is about if I just say its good, so here is a little bit of the action.YOU, as a Human, Apex, Avian, Floran, Hylotl, Glitch, or a Novakid, are in College? Not really sure, BUT you head down to see that the RUIN is destroying Earth, you take the matter manipulator, which you can upgrade later down the line, and get out of there with your own BROKEN DOWN SPACE SHIP! (*horayy!*) once you fix that up and customize your ship to your liking, you head out on a space quest to find all of the ancient artifacts from each species to DESTROY the RUIN. And you can have crew members, upgrade your ship, expore a LOT of planets, and play with your friends!Honestly if your not convinced idk what will."
76561198085069646,Recommended,211820,29235277,Posted: 13 January,all,GoDsLaYeR,game sux
,Recommended,211820,22746287,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,420DickButt,ok
,Not Recommended,211820,17777362,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Panda,"Just get Terraria .Overall it's okay, it just feels really mediocer and doesn't stand out in that many ways."
,Recommended,211820,23144391,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,khoshek the floating cat,better than terraria
,Not Recommended,211820,16916817,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,WinterMute,"As seems to be the general feeling by the gaming base, I don't think Starbound will ever actually leave early access. Which in itself isn't a terrible thing because I love some of my other games that are early access; BUT the main issue with Starbound isnt so much that it's unfinished, but rather that it lacks anything that makes it have concrete content. It feels like minecraft, only without the survival mode, just the creative. You can explore, you can build, but within 45mins you start to realize there's no end in sight.This could be an amazingly great game if only it had more survival/base defense elements, but instead it feels like a half baked terraria scifi clone.It's like someone asked people what they would want in a game, but didn't think about actually making it fun. The features are there, the content is kinda there, the items are all there, but none of it feels addictive or fresh enough to keep doing."
76561198061973416,Not Recommended,211820,18498488,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SATAN,"This is a good game but could be better I've played ALOT more hours on the unsable version of it and it could be better i'll list the pros and cons.Cons should have had a hunger bar (it did have one),and upgrade on your ship that allowed you to land of the massive planets.bigger planets so if you landed on a GIANT plant it would take a VERY long time to get to the core with a diamond drill.you still get bio-inplants but they won't completly protect you (Except no O2).Pros hard bosses and good rewards.LOTA WEPENAS.PS I found an exploit to get lots of pixels you got to the outpost and go to the trash and you should find bags of trash.sell these to get lots of money 10 pixels to the people and the outpost for each bag stand in the outpost for long enough and there should be lots of trash.A good game but not worth $15 buy terraria for 10 dollers and have many more hours of fun for a cheaper price 6 out of 10"
76561198049503118,Recommended,211820,24468000,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,darkfoxa,i have played this game for some time now and i got to say its come a long way from its start one of the best 2D sandbox games out there if your in need of something fun and entertaining look no further i haven't played this game since version 0.8 but you it can olny get better and i can't wait to see this new 1.0 update
76561198095060988,Not Recommended,211820,28463839,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Vampdew,starbound has alot of potential however duel to the bugs that keeps deleting my player folder and crashing on startup(which prvents me from playing this game) made me wish i did not buy this game
76561198321935852,Not Recommended,211820,33248985,Posted: 4 July,all,JasonCastle,"Have to be honest, it really just wasn't my style of game. I'm pretty sure when I bought it (I may have even bought it accidentally which I know was my bad) I had it mistaken for a different game of a similar name on my wishlist.Its like MineCraft. But 2D. And smaller graphics. Waaaaaay smaller. More like trying to play Minecraft on a gameboy. Again just not my style. To those of you that enjoy it, hats off to you! But again I just didnt find it enjoyable. The plot seemed strange, I was quite afraid of getting lost because the ""level"" seemed to keep going in both directions, not clear which way would be the best.Mostly personal preference. Also hoping if I say I don't reccomend this steam will stop showing me similar games. Nothing personal to anyone else!"
76561198320424452,Recommended,211820,24754182,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,DittyBop,I've seen this game rise and fall and am happy with where it is and where its going.Story: Its what you make of it...really it's all on how you play the gameGameplay: could take a sec to get use to but other then that quite easyLoads of secrets: I seam to find somthing new everytime I play this gameCo-op: Nuf saidI do recommend this game for people who like exploration and making your own narrative in a story worth getting into.
76561198123100091,Recommended,211820,24590068,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,AlphaBanditZ,"From Starships, to intergalactic warfare, to trying to get the best armor/weapons you can, you will definitely spend quite some time playing this game; WELL worth $15. I've spent over 80 hours playing from early access to now, and this game still surprises me in many ways. If you're A lover for Open-World games this one will definitely suffice, not only is the universe infinitely generated, but the worlds too. This is A great game to just grab some friends, fight a dungeon or two, or maybe just build your own civilization, the possibilities are endless... I'm A true lover for this game, and can't wait to see what comes of it in the future, I hope you do too... 10/10"
76561198251760706,Recommended,211820,24589752,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Alternate Legacy,"Ok, when I first bought Staround, I just expected a Minecraft or Terraria knock-off. When I started playing, however, I realised that it was so much more! All of the nightly builds, the secondary attacks, cool boss mechanics, dungeons! It was so fun! And ever since buying it over a year ago, I have been waiting for 1.0, and it came out. I still haven't finished my runthrough!"
,Recommended,211820,24678900,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,chop top,I gotta make a positive review for this because too many ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥s are giving it negative reviews cause they're bad so yeah it's a good game buy it.
,Recommended,211820,14247115,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,manchild,"Ah, Starbound. Since the new stable update came out, I decided that I'd write up a review of what I like and don't like so far with this beta. So, to kick things off, we'll do the good ol' pros and cons list format:Pros:+Randomly generated things are always fun. And this game has those in spades. (planets, weapons, monsters, etc.)+7 races with solid gear progression.+Lots of character customization options.+Lots of biomes to explore+You can upgrade your ship now, and it gets pretty big when all is said and done. Gives you multiple rooms to put stuff in.+Easy game to add mods to and make mods for.+Good sense of humor.+Multiplayer can be pretty fun.+FPS and overall performance have improved greatly over the course of the beta.+Dungeons are fun to explore.+Lots of stuff to build with for creative individuals.+Colorful visual style+Great soundtrackCons:-The outpost is cool, but it feels sorely underused. Maybe adding some more stores and things to do would help. Also the FPS gets really chuggy there, but that might just be my PC, idk. Still, the game should be more optimized in that area.-Combat is certainly getting there, it feels more strategic after some of the newer mechanics were implemented. However, I feel like the weapons aren't varied enough. There needs to be something which makes them stand out from one another. The game dosen't give me the ""itch"" to get out and just kill stuff quite yet.-The missions. Ugh. These are really bad so far, if you ask me. First of all, you can literally complete the first mission (the only one I've played so far, to be fair) with a flashlight and some bandages. You can just run past all the enemies and flip the switches on the boss fight. Second of all, if you die in the boss fight, you have to replay through the whole damn mission again just to fight it. We need checkpoints, based chucklefish. Checkpoints. At least for casual characters if nothing else.-Quests are okay, but pretty lackluster so far.-In game lore could be a lot better.Okay, so next I'll adress some of the complaints which some of these Steam reviews often bring up.Complaint: ""Chucklefish doesn't update enough!""Response:  Well, they haven't put out many stable updates. In that regard, no, they haven't been updating much. However, they've put out nightly builds which can be buggy or broken but often are fun. They at least give you a picture of how the game is progressing.Complaint: ""I don't want to play the nightly build, I want to play something that consistantly works!""Response: Well then too bad. This is phase 1 of the beta. You know, the phase where the game is broken and you aren't going to get the complete Starbound ""experience."" (source:http://playstarbound.com/how-the-beta-is-going-to-work/)The purpose of this phase is to test the game and to iron out the kinks in it's core mechanics. You are not buying a full  featured game, obviously, and you shouldn't go into Starbound with the mentality that you're getting one. Instead, go into it with a critical mentality, thinking ""I'm going to test this and give the devs feedback so that the final product can be great!"" That's the reason why this beta TEST exists, kids. So you can test the friggin game.TL;DR/Verdict:I'm going to recommend this game, at least for now. However, I'm only going to recommend it to the people who are seriously going to test it. While the game is enjoyable in it's current state (in my opinion), I can't recommend it to people who are buying it looking for a well-rounded experience."
,Not Recommended,211820,16628309,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Pandacakez,"Initially impressive, it becomes repetitive from seeing the same creatures, dungeon layouts, and weather patterns on 100000000 planets out of 100000000000000 generated planets. This would've been excusable a couple of years ago when they were supposedly on track to ""finalizing"" the game, but now it's later and the game is far behind schedule. It's a disgrace that so many people backed this, paid a whopping $15 for this game which is more worth $5, and for it to still be in the state that it is. You will get enjoyment out of this game, but not enough to justify the price tag or rate of development for what they're being paid. Don't support this and get Terraria instead, it's a much more fun, exciting, and at this point, continues to be updated more than this."
76561198137383995,Not Recommended,211820,28430248,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Den,"Ugh, I just don't like the direction they've taken Starbound. The controls feel much more clunky than they used to, and the constant demand for food is just too high to allow you to explore like you used to in the early access. I don't think I can recommend this anymore. My opinion my change as I progress and if it does I'll write a new review but I have my doubts."
,Recommended,211820,8058508,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,B E G O N E  T H O T,hi
76561198117625980,Recommended,211820,15028366,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Kastneh,"This game is amazing- it is diverse, challenging, new and refreshing. Although Starbound is similar to Terraria in many ways, the two really couldn't be more different. I would reccomend this game to anybody, no matter what type of game they like."
,Recommended,211820,8024148,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Tommy Cotton,Very fun! Love the the lighting system.
76561198251597028,Not Recommended,211820,21783839,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Communism,"I hate to give this game a bad reveiw, but it must be done. you try it out and its great at first, but it soon looses compelling things to do. once i got a good set of armor and found an axe with fairly high DPS, it wa sover. my ship just got piled up with resources that i didn't need. the planet-generation mechanic is great, but there is no real use for it once you are finished with the Quests the ships Ai give you. there is a sever lack of want for me to play this game now."
76561198045680188,Not Recommended,211820,21815242,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Deressed,"i played this game a ton before the update but as of now its unplayable i run a i54690k OC to 4.7ghz and a r9 390x with a 22% OC and i get huge frame drops ive tried all the fixes they reccomend and anyone else has its just not optomized atm and you should wait till its relased, but overall its looks great just cant play it :("
76561198128798191,Recommended,211820,15115575,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DrBones333,amazing! the universe is larger every second. there are shops and country houses.you can get pets and fight bosses i would surely recommend this game!
76561198000612308,Recommended,211820,24546621,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Chinese Cartoons,"lmao someone gave the game a negative score because they took diamonds out.God forbid that for all the cool stuff that is in the game, they removed a few features. Think about the diamonds, people!What do you mean the game is full of kickass lore an inventive concepts that make it one of the most unique sci-fi settings, 2D or otherwise? I WANT ME DIAMONDS ARR IM A PIRATE NOW."
,Recommended,211820,24736938,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Diablo,10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥this again
76561198046016105,Recommended,211820,12155845,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Lucky,"Ugh, I literally can't get over how amazing the soundtrack is for this game. :D I love the way the whole game comes together."
76561198007495201,Not Recommended,211820,30194931,Posted: 26 February,all,Fe Li Xe,The gameplay is very dull and boring.
,Recommended,211820,24607147,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Edy Nelson,Yes.
,Recommended,211820,19858897,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Johns Fishmonger,must have. so fun and can play for hours.
,Recommended,211820,24510784,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,TheNormiesHaveOurMemes,"Imagine Terraria + endless worlds (maybe idk).In a nutshell, you pilot a spaceship, fly to planets, build stuff, and profit.Human story begins with a lot of tentacles, so there's that.11/10 Would have my graduation ruined again"
,Recommended,211820,10705214,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,John the Hero,"I'm McGruff, your friendly neighborhood crime dog. Get this game. And get me a scooby snack. Roof!"
76561198103175092,Recommended,211820,24501991,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Delta,"Starbound is an amazing game, i just beat it when the 1.0 update came out. and i am overwhelmingly impressed with chucklefish's work. this game is worth your money. buy it"
,Recommended,211820,22820029,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Halocmg,"i think the game is astoundingly amazing with all of the content it stores, and now that it is going into 1.00, i think that it is going to get an upgrade on its items and it's content with new features and makeing some other feature better."
76561198079740971,Recommended,211820,16275750,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Das Beavs,"It's good you should buy it!!!!!!!no seriously the only thing I can think for them to add other than the future colonization update is world bosses but then everybody would scream ""Terraria Knockoff"" and I wouldn't wish that evil on Chucklefish, dis game is too fun."
,Recommended,211820,17210411,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Milo,"I've played for 22 hours in total. It's a great game if you've completed terraria and are looking for something with a lot more objectives and difficulty with different planets, harder mobs and more of a story line. It's certainly an upgrade from terraria despite it costing more. Even if you haven't already delved into terraria this game is still amazing as it is, although it's a little hard to understand so i'd suggest looking into some tutorials on how to get started on Youtube."
,Recommended,211820,24869134,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,plat,THE NEW KFC DOUBLE DOWN: Its finger lickin good! (for a limited time only at participating stores)
,Recommended,211820,21663841,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Пидар Соколов,"People who haven't played it usually think its a terraria clone or something,IT ISN'T!Starbound is also great with mods.*Insert Starbound  never getting out of early access joke*"
76561198052971045,Recommended,211820,14455648,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Dr. Too Poppie Smurf Too Much!,It's like Terraria but more fun!
76561198165539839,Recommended,211820,15162675,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Darkvinne12,Everything about this game is beutiful the music the story line and even it's characters. This game changes the way you see space in everyway makes you want to think what is beyond our galaxy. Although it may be a little bit buggy but it's early acces where it will definetly get fixed in the near future. This game deserves more than a perfect 10/10 or a 5 star whatever you want to call it but take the time to play and enjoy it. -darkvinne12
76561198044296902,Recommended,211820,17146465,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,CyborgPrince,"Aside from the fact that the game is still in early acess as this is being written, Starbound is a great sandbox game.When I first started playing, I thought it was similiar to Terraria, but it has a lot more character customization and unlike Terraria, (atleast since I last played), it is not limited to one world at a time. Players can explore galaxies and millions of different planets.I've put 200+ hours into this game, building and creating characters. For those who are stating that it is still in early access, it's understandable, but the team updates their blog regularly and shows off new features yet to come. If you don't mind waiting and just want to get the game, I'd say go for it."
76561198119378060,Recommended,211820,15066693,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,UnstableFlyingFox263,"It may still be in early access, and people may hate how long it took to update, but I know that was from the fact that the developers had to re-write the game engine. I do believe that's why it took a year to update. The devs are now back on track, and if you dont mind breaking the game, try the nightly updates! You'll probably see stuff every day. If you liked Terraria, you will probably like Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,13612095,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ItsMaddoga,"(Press more for my early access review)Release Review:Going to make this short and simple: The early access was pretty fun, the release is absolutely jam packed with things. I thought the game was huge before. Wow. It's so much better now. This got so much better.Would recommend to people that like games similar to terraria. Modding community is active as well.Early Access Review:First let me address this:All (or at least 90%) of the Negative reviews are complaining about a lack of update... Have you not heard of nightly/unstable builds? They are optional versions you can use with pretty much daily updates, but are very unstable. Regardless, all your content and all the content talked about on the forums and blogs are on that.We move on to my actual review......This game is Awesome. If you like Terraria, or similar games, you'll absolutely LOVE this! It's a mix of futuristic with fantasy and even mid-evil and literally all the genres. For those of you reading this that are considering buying it, it's a 2D side scroller survival game, and it's worth it. Hours of gameplay, and hours of server playing. (I tend to play offline a lot sadly, so my hours don't get shown on steam...)8/8 m8 c8n't h8 ev8n wit l8 upd8's"
,Recommended,211820,13534318,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,WreckingBagel,"This is the secret of making games better. It's Terraria in space, and how could you say no to that."
,Not Recommended,211820,13537474,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,we've got to have money.,I don't know. The game just sucks. I have 88 hours because I left it running accidentally.
76561198054070241,Recommended,211820,13530267,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,DarrenHungryManDinner,Pretty good game
,Recommended,211820,14241296,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Exsite,AWSOME NEW UPDATE!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,14340203,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Synndra,"Love this game, Took ages to release, but that's okay, I still like the final product.:)"
76561198131070633,Recommended,211820,14723108,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,leepantsonhead,Waste of my time.Loved every moment.10/10
76561198086194246,Recommended,211820,11843200,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,MidasGold,I love the terraria meets space feel of this game and it is a great game
,Recommended,211820,11828621,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,The Shadow,Starbound is a game a lot like Terraria but with more exploration and less content.  Still a great game though.
,Recommended,211820,11906517,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,✔ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈfaggot,"I got killed by a flying duck, this game is trash 10/10"
76561198067655189,Recommended,211820,11821987,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Mr.Tuxaton,Do you recommend this game? Yes. Why? It builds apon good game ideas and is quite enjoyable.
,Recommended,211820,12442607,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Pandamonium,Starbound is a game only in early beta and already has so much to do. You constantly discover new things and travel to different planets as you struggle to survive the hostile unique animals of each planet. There is never a time when you travel to a new planet and feel as if you've been there twice because each planet has its own boss and interesting & unique inteligent life forms. Overall it is fun and hard to get bored of and youcan even play on online servers with friends.
76561197970490594,Not Recommended,211820,21465799,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Pi In The Sky,"This game has been in Early Access for years and barely anything has changed for the better.  Chucklefish is a ♥♥♥♥♥how, and does not deserve your hard-earned money."
76561197987031616,Not Recommended,211820,21354000,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,😷🌺CLOUT KING,♥♥♥♥♥game
76561198095119954,Not Recommended,211820,17071938,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,daymond,"great game great storry line great compatibility, controols, gameplay, ect just over all great! coputer shuts off while your playing it, you can never play it again. SOMEONE PLEASE FIX THIS $#!+"
76561198158339434,Not Recommended,211820,25952509,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Mr. McBlue-Jay,my game just crashes it does the spining wings thingat the left corner and jist gives up how can i fix this can you plase help me  out? i would recomend this game if i could play it it could be my lap top. but can some one pleas help
,Recommended,211820,24435079,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Phantom Actual,For a 2D game this game rocks! It's a good buy.
,Not Recommended,211820,14652901,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,.cfu vue IE,Game is meh. I like all the parts where I have some clear objective and there is story. The game gets boring when those things run out.
76561198126848718,Recommended,211820,14868685,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Aloha Snackbar,"Pros: -Really fun game if you are a fan of RPG-LOTS of galaxies to explore and awsome biomes-Sandbox RPG that can take long hours to satisfy your power hunger :)-Funny looking creatures(Each planets contains different types of monsters)-Can be moddedCons: - Can be grindy for some players.- Can get tedious when exploring or raiding Huge Fortresses and Castles-Took almost 2 years for the long awaited update. Like, seriously, I thought this game was dead but then I saw the new update so gave it another shot but the LAG IS JUST FREAKIN HORRIBLE!!! I mean, it was fine before. It's just the UPDATE THAT RUINED THE PERFORMANCE.- There's still some bug issues even though the Stable update was suppose to fix it.BOTTOMLINE: Fun game for RPG fans and dedicated gamers but the update sucks diarrhea right now. But still one of my favorite games of all time :)"
76561198106965506,Recommended,211820,14658641,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Riznicryan,one of the best games i have ever played and  i have played it for so longit is still not boringGOOD GAME :)
,Recommended,211820,12953516,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mentasm,"Updating my review.So after pumping in a few days worth of time into this game, I can honestly say that this is one of my favorite games I've ever played.Although it's still in Early Access, the developers have come through (slowly but surely) to give the game so much diverse content that hours will just melt away for you.Seemingly simplistic game design, but so much to explore and build. Almost everything is customizable, and I'm rarely finding any bugs with this latest update, with the exception of the occasional crash when using the multiplayer feature.Also I have to give Chucklefish props for the great soundtrack. Really soothing and beautiful at times.If you like builders, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,211820,14273086,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr. Chinaski,"worth it. especially if you have friends. its like terraria, except multiplayer doesn't suck"
,Recommended,211820,14273151,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Ochotonachu,It doesn't work on Linux Mint 17.1 Cinnamon
,Recommended,211820,14343421,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Mockichii,Really fun game to play with friends! Especially since the newest update.
76561198077480346,Recommended,211820,14265878,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Thesims3dt,Love this game So much ^^ even though i prefer Medival games it still has that Feel that i love in those type of games. with or without mods this game is fun to play :)
,Recommended,211820,16279209,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Hjalkar Gudværsson,"Story time, kids, because I'm about to tell you about the journey of Flappygilmore the Third, hero of the Avians.>be me, a male bird with red feathers and a white face>am absolute ladies man>wake up on ship, from night of partying with the lady birds, hung over>ship beeping at me so I go and talk to my butler S.A.I.L.>tell him to fix everything>tells me to go down to the planet we currently were orbitting and get some materials>go down to planet>immediate regret as I am attacked by evil creatures and almost die>find chest with gun in it>charliesheenwinning.gif>go back to previous enemies and try to kill them with my new weapon>gun does barely any damage and I run away>finally get supplies I needed to get ship somewhat functioning>journey to different planet>find bird colony>told of radical birds killing anyone who goes near the temple of their deity>go to temple of said deity>kill them all, saving everyone else from their radicalness>town crowns me as hero>stay the night with some lady bird friends>next morning I go away without saying goodbye>go to different planet>find ape lab>now Test Subject #4315 of the radiation department>cry myself to sleep every night remembering my heroic timeFlappygilmore will always be remembered. Now that he's a test subject there, Lord Bubbles of the Fish People, who wields a spear that shoots bubbles, vows to free everyone from the grasp of the ape people. One day, Flappygilmore will be free. Will you join in the fight with Lord Bubbles and eliminate apekind?"
,Recommended,211820,14993506,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,The Joker,better than terraria!
,Recommended,211820,19800453,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Dj Nlz,Best Theif Simulator on the market
,Recommended,211820,14273105,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RunItGodzira!,"What can i say about this game that hasn't already been said? Pretty much nothing... its terraria in space with more content. buy it, love it, sell your soul to it"
76561198074962488,Recommended,211820,24552780,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,RACV roadside assist,"ive got to sya two things. game should cost way more considering how fantastic it is, and, the soundtrack is outstanding."
76561198061844476,Recommended,211820,20914356,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SAGI,"I have beed following this game from update to update since the very begining of this game. With 77 hrs of playing, I have to say that this game was intriguing at first, with the new systems and mechanics that are unique. You have a ship to build, some randomly generated dungeons to conquer, millions of planets to set foot on, which are indeed some cool features of sandbox. However, behind this cool concept the game seems not to be so well executed. First this game currently does not have a well-plotted storyline to follow but a penguin-themed army. The quests are irrelevant as NPCs just ask you to burn your fuel and find stuff. Second, combat is boring, moves are rigid, you do not get much reaction from monsters. Third, upgrading your gears becomes boring as you feel that mining is repetitive after you reach tier 3 gear.That is why I prefer Terraria. Once the player cannot see the main story, quests do not provide enough feeling of immersion. Plus that the targets players focus on are thrown into this vast ocean of planets, which inevitably prolong your gameplay. And that will result in your exhaustion after hours of playing, and you will find that you are repeating what you have done.I have read some info in the archive and notice that the developers have actually done a lot in building the background. And the frescoes in that ancient ruin are magnificent too. And that's why I still recommend this game because in the future updates there might be more culture in this game. It is still in early access anyway.**Edit**When this game came out of Early Access as Starbound 1.0 I have to admit that this game is fairly complete now. Now we have a proper intro, a main story line, and a lot more cool stuff, which will surely grant another 100+ hours of gameplay if you choose to create a new character as I did. And when you beat the final boss there is still the awesome Frackin Universe mod you can download and try which will give you another 50+ hours of gameplay (if you don't cheat). With the support of steam workshop, this game is good enough."
76561198285931376,Recommended,211820,24511203,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Zman9018,"I just got this game and I am having a lot of fun with it. Me and a couple friends have been playing it and so far, i think it's great! I can't wait to see what additions and improvements are coming in the future for this game."
,Recommended,211820,24618040,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ｓｎ０ー,"first mission be like""my fork can dig better than this manipulator crap"""
,Recommended,211820,13724640,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,new taylor swift song guys,tf2 is a fun game but i think cod is better then humans 8.89891/pewdiepie ign
76561197960399880,Not Recommended,211820,20375401,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Demon,"My last try with early access games, never do it again. Dont give software companys money for nothing.I played this game i while in 2013.. now we have 2016, its ridiculous."
,Not Recommended,211820,20367348,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MrOrange,Overall an ok game.  Can get very very borning and doesnt have a clear motive to the storyline.  Enless you are playing with friends this game would probily make you fall asleep in my opinion.
,Recommended,211820,17159662,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,OverHandWizard,"Off the cuff: Will you get your entertainment out of the game?If you love the building aspect of 2D sandbox games, Yes.You'll spend hours hacking away and building your own little empire or massive base on a homeworld of your choosing!But what about questing and Adventuring?Seeing as how starbound is by nature a procedurally generated universe you'll never run out of places to explor and there's an underlying story that unfolds through the missions as you complete them!SO bang for your buck?Better value than any arcade could give you, depending on your region, I've already sunk over 100 hours in for only 15$!  and there's still so much to do!I would recommend this to folks who enjoyed games like Terraria in the past, if you're familiar with that playstyle you'll feel right at home!"
76561198202972224,Recommended,211820,19812908,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,MESHCAT21,GREAT GAME EPECIALLY WITH FRIENDS
76561197964133686,Recommended,211820,14992935,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Mustard Tiger,excellent!
76561198243461664,Recommended,211820,19798788,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,TK bah,good game
,Not Recommended,211820,24567493,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Havoc,"It's evident that Starbound is officially crap. See, when 1.0 was released, I was hyped to play it along with the 64000+ players that initially played it. Now after 3 days, half of it is gone. Why? The content is just too little. Alot of blocks and furniture, yes, but where is tha actual useful content?I crafted a solaris armor and got the best ranged weapon in the game, after 12 hours. Now that's kind of concerning.I didn't even have to finish the final boss. Bosses here give you nothing but♥♥♥♥♥♥ Literally. Even the pixels they give are♥♥♥♥♥♥ 12 pixels for killing the flying alien penguin ship? Wow. How OVERWHELMING.What Terraria did good in this aspect is that it made it very hard to acquire items and things, thus making it feel rewarding to actually finally have crafted your armor set. And they had far, FAR more content than in Starbound. 5 years in development, free, unpaid testers, and an extremely large capital from the kickstarter project for this game, and what did they use the money for? Expand the company so they can be like Steam - game indexing instead of game development. They've used the funds orignally set for Starbound for other projects, and now they can't deliver.Everything else that you can do in this game is just for prettying up things. There are like 3 planet types with 1-2 subtypes that basically diversifies the content by just about 5-10 percent, and it's not even funny. The only thing that adds usefulness with building are farms, if you're casual, for the buffs aside from stim packs.This was a projec in failure. What 1.0 did was just overhaul the grind, not lengthen it, make it more useful, or make it more rewarding. They basically just organized the content already in there, and deprecated 80% of it.GG Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,22273003,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Drifter,Best game ever 10/10 8/8. Hyped for 1.0! Feel like generally exploding.
76561198073216590,Recommended,211820,8517945,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,MonkeyFlem,u can fight space penguins wearing a purple thong
76561198046877254,Not Recommended,211820,20323176,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,LessObsceneName,"SUPER GLITCHY EARLY ACCESS GAME!My review is pretty much summed up in those 5 words. The game WAS incredibly fun for some time. And I enjoyed it very much. But then the patches started resetting the quests library so you'd end up doing the same sets of quests repeatedly just to get back to where you were before the patch. You'd get really far into the game and then the next patch wipes most of your quests!All the hard work, gone.I would only recommend this game once it's fully developed. It's far too glitchy right now."
76561198080130888,Recommended,211820,19575098,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,[Rozz] Mr Meowz,2 Years later some pride is finally being taken in making the game better. Hopefully this dedication is kept up this time.
76561198046284778,Not Recommended,211820,24567290,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Gator Ghoul,Overrated digging simulator.
76561198061239920,Recommended,211820,14015142,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,"Green The Mole, Digger of Holes","For goodness sake people. Yes, it has been a rather long time since the last update. Fine. But were this to have just been released, as is and labled finished, the complaints would be far fewer. If your looking at buying this game, scroll down, past all the ""taking to long"" reviews, and look at some actual reviews. The game is fantastic, the modding community is fantastic, and you can easily get lost in this game, in a good way. And fellow reviewers, If you don't enjoy the game, say why you don't enjoy it. Don't gripe about the wait for the update. Do that on thier forums, or better yet, just demonstrate some patiance. I bought this darned thing at initial release, and Im perfectly happy waiting for the devolpers to reach thier goals, and make starbound what it is meant to be."
76561198205788091,Not Recommended,211820,19308446,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,PIXELFIXER,"Im sorry for my previous angry review. A lot has changed since i made it. I actually somewhat enjoy starbound now, but i still prefer Terraria over it. Get terraria and if you really want more, buy this game. Frustrating at start and too complex to be as fun as terraria.Longer explanation:Terraria feels more polished and exploitable in fun ways. The textures represent the exact size of the hitbox and loot drops are countable. Enemy AI is more fun to play with and you never get too overpowered or too underpowered because the progression is so polished. Maybe its the more open feel of Starbound, but i hate not being able to know everything about a game."
,Recommended,211820,14375600,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Based Box,"This game is so good, its like sitting on a plate of peanut butter and having a cat clean your ears. im a technician and i rate 8/10"
,Recommended,211820,24651403,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,omae wa mou shindeiru,♥♥♥♥ing amazing
76561198061012364,Recommended,211820,24609759,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Shinjiseverson,"After playing this game over the course of a few years, I feel i can give a respectable reveiw of it.Starbound started off as a cool Terraria inspired game, and grew into much much more. The recent update makes it very story driven, while keeping the open world aspect prevelent. The wide veriety of weapons and enemies makes combat challenging and fun. It's a beautiful game with amazing lighting, and detail. Starbound has a wide veriety of planets and civilizations to explore leaving it fresh the whole way through.I would rate it a 9/10"
76561198178096385,Recommended,211820,24515642,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Damien,amazing game one of the best in a while would be better if there was'nt so many fatal error crashes but i guess thats either my pc or bugs in a game that only came out of greenlight a couple of days.so in the long run. FIX THOSE BUGS!AND THANKS FOR THE GREAT GAME GOOD JOB
76561198077352555,Recommended,211820,10224060,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,StarClan4evr,"I recommend. The sheer creativity is shown in the artstyle, gameplay, and self-descision. The planets are randomly chosen to a fashion of which beauty is conceived. The soundtrack is musical genius. Recommend. Recommend. Recommend. 9.8/10."
76561198043236859,Recommended,211820,10221979,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Beiige,"From starting out in a hightech spaceship and having to start from scratch from beaming down to the surface of a foreign planet to gather resources, not only does this game add a great sence of acomplishment. It adds an adventureous perk with the awesome feeling of exploration for that higher tier equipment. A must buy for anybody looking at a game with a challange and looking to feel unbeatable in the highest tier gear, that you made yourself!"
,Recommended,211820,14225973,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,°i apologize°®™,*Tarraria + No Man's Sky = StarBound*Another Staple in the 2D Sandbox. People will compare this to Tarraria and that ok but there is enough in here to set it apart. The mechanics may be the same but the dynamics are different.Worth the time if you enjoy game like this.
76561198012303509,Recommended,211820,20670500,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Yuoichi,"love this game so much,  it is coming along great!!  i took an 8 month hiatus from it and recently came back to find out everything had changed.  i was shocked at how much the dev team stuffed into it in that time!!"
,Recommended,211820,16214288,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,MrPup,THIS GAME IS INCREDIBLE!
76561198298366231,Recommended,211820,24516826,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ThatOneHanzoMain,The beginning is a little hard but other than that it's great!
76561198119766797,Recommended,211820,23694669,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,krazykilaz5000,"DON'T LISTEN TO THE NEGATIVE REVIEWS UNLESS YOU'RE SOMEONE WHO DOESN'T LIKE SPACE!!!This is one of my favorite games of all time. If you like 2D sandbox games like terraria, and have a love for space, this is the game for you. I am a HUGE fan of space related games, and this game is at the top of my list.You can go to an unlimited number of star systems and find dungeons, cities, temples, castles, and so much more, all with different loot and people. There are several different species to choose from, all with their own personality, ships, and items. There are many different types of planets, ranging from peaceful earth-like planets to planets with lots of lava, planets covered in ice and snow, and many more.If you're someone who likes to mod games for extra content (like me), then you will be happy to know that mods are very easy to install. Aside from the modding, the quests that you can do are extremely fun, and more will be on the way soon, since the next update is supposed to happen pretty soon.I highly recommend this game to anyone who wants to explore the stars, and see what they have to offer."
,Recommended,211820,7991288,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Merry,Save wiping simulator~
,Recommended,211820,14461156,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Koh,"This game is getting much better as time goes by, far better than the light novelty it was about a year ago.  It feels like it's on a great track with the new questing system and dedicated boss levels. I want there to be far more to do in that regard but I can't detract from the recommendation for that as it's still in beta. I definately think this game is worth picking up.  Much of the rest of this review will be suggestions for the future.The progression is really nice but as much content as there is, I think it's lacking in the procedurally generated underground. The planet surfaces are fine and it's nice to come across different temples and bosses and labs, but I've done a lot of underground exploring and rather than finding cities, boss creatures, quests, or other unique encounters, you pretty much find the same 7 or 8 novelty areas and basic random loot chests.  The game could also deeply use a weapon/armor modification mechanic to make ongoing play more dynamic because once you find a few things that work you rarely stray. That really stops the game dead at final tier play. A mod system would also be nice so people could transfer good armor stats over to clothes they actually want to wear while fighting. I would also suggest a few more unlockable motion options to shake things up. (Sliding, wall climbing, floating outside your ship in suit via tether, BACKFLIPS AND WALL-RUNNING WOO.)  You run around a lot in this game and my point is adding some flourish and fluidity would really add to the experience.A completely different level of gameplay outside of questing is building up your ship and home, both of which involve a lot of resource gathering. You can collect pretty much anything you see and incorporate it into your home which is great, but also most everthing is relatively common to find. The play could be explanded by putting in more rare to find or interactive decorative items.Ship travel and the planet system has grown up a *little* since the beginning but is more or less irritating at the later stages of the game.  The best stuff you can find is on planets with the EXTREME danger tag.  Unfortunately pretty much every extreme danger planet is a lava/volcanic world around a firey star.  It's very enjoyable to go to planets with varying climate but it becomes pointless after a while unless you're looking for decorative stuff. When you're after the best materials and weapons you're on a volcanic world every time towards the end. Let us find tropical, arid, desert, and ocean worlds with the extreme tag.  Additional dangers to support the extreme tag could be super strong creatures/army outposts, gravitational pulls, earthquakes, etc.Just a few thoughts.  Starbound is very endearing and definately worth tagging along in the dev stage!"
76561198155841645,Recommended,211820,14536319,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Stevie,On one planet there are penguins with sub-machine guns that protect a master penguin in a UFO.You kill the UFO master because a civilized penguin in the universe hangout asked you to assassinate him.10/10
76561198063087619,Recommended,211820,14535358,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,superkid51,This game is really amazing and it is one of a kind. I have spent hours playing this game and it never gets old. There is usually updates which bring in even more game play
,Recommended,211820,19822923,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,KDB,Starbound is an instant classic for me. I have enjoyed watching the game evolve while the Devs add new features. This game provides endless hours of entertainment and customization. If youre an inventory managment hound like me you will absolutely love Starbound.5 Stars
76561198142040285,Recommended,211820,19835596,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Trikz,a very intresting take on side scrolling rpg's with a blend of sci-fi with a wide selection of weapons and dangerous monsters just waiting for you on evry planet which is why I would probably give this game a 8/10.
76561198097866633,Recommended,211820,18079821,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,TheDreamKitty,well as if i didnt play enough of these games ... welcome to my starbound review ok  so ... this game is just ... i played it for  the first time in forver after an update not only did they add upgradeable ships aka the best part but you can upgrade your matter manipulator and they have a new race and alot  of other cool stuff so go check it out!!
76561198251123570,Recommended,211820,19080688,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,IHaventCare,"Soo Much Fun, Like Terraria!"
,Recommended,211820,19085738,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Lil Pu$$yBacon,Very immersive gameplay 10/10 would play again♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,7918152,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,mango,GET IT NOW.
76561198114390962,Recommended,211820,10538883,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DootyMancer,One of my favorite games 10/10
76561198073173956,Recommended,211820,10021197,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Who,"Having played this game off and on since it came out in early beta I can honestly say that it has a great design team. The game was great then and it has gotten dramatcally better from there. Essentially futureistic terraria, I would suggest buying it.Also, it's clean, so your 5-year-old can play it"
,Recommended,211820,24468325,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Phandu,öäüö
,Not Recommended,211820,33568420,Posted: 15 July,all,offbrandbleachtitan.tf,it wont work for me
,Recommended,211820,18671428,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,bSendPacket = false,Amazming.
,Recommended,211820,23827626,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Diingus,"It's fun to build cool things.It's fun to do the story.It's fun to sit AFK in you cool house.It's fun to explore.Just like any building, the more workers you have, the more you'll be able to build and the design will be more intricate."
,Recommended,211820,11048880,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,AztecWarhammer,"this has gotta be the best damn thing since sliced bread, reccomend this to all my friends"
76561198139423264,Recommended,211820,12176088,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Fieera,Very fun and addicting
,Not Recommended,211820,23374924,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,I'm not gay but £5 is £5,It's an ok game if you like Terraria but its a bit slow and annoying
76561198121118577,Recommended,211820,32313784,Posted: 10 June,all,low altitude assault transport,you drive a ship
76561198058800356,Recommended,211820,16273123,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Magnificent Suleiman,"This game was pretty bad back then. It was completely done in several hours,you get everything fast,etc. But it changed drastically beyond my recognition. A whole new better main story line,items,planets,and what not. At the current state,this game has some time to put into it. You're guarenteed to play this game for some time."
76561198168690505,Recommended,211820,34285448,Posted: 16 August,all,✡KINGELI✡,"Terraria in space, brilliant."
,Recommended,211820,14537789,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Wifey,"Incredible gameplay, immersive and endless amount of things to do, enjoyable, addictive, and awesome.These are but only a few ways to truly describe Starbound.It quite possibly could be my most favourite game I've ever purchased on Steam before, and talk about bang for your buck. With the new winter update, obviously need to get my bearings again but absolutely loving doing so.94/100."
,Recommended,211820,15434793,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Flamingfox45,"I've watched many videos of this on youtube i loved it so i dicided to buy it myself and i loved it even more. so i give this a 10/10. I recommend you should buy this game good graphics, amazing qaulity, ect. Good job ChuckleFish you've done amazing. Well Thats it bye!"
,Recommended,211820,15440640,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Ricchan,"I just got this game 6 days ago and have already played about 50 hours. This game is tremendous fun, even alone. As others say, it's like Terraria, but in space. The universe in this game is gargantuic. The amount of planets is nearly uncountable. The game runs well on most computers. Even for this game being in beta (after 2 years), it is still fun, and I have yet to have a crash. The game is definatly worth the $15, maybe more. And instead of being a semi-boring rip-off of Terraria, this game has quests. The NPCs have personalities. The quests are very highly replayable. This game also can be highly modded, such as Minecraft or Terraria. The forums are absolutely filled with amazing looking mods. These mods can add more quests and more fun. I reccomend this game, even in a beta (after 2 years).8.7/10Also, you can buy things from mushroom men, and then eliminate their village. Then you can kill bird villages."
,Recommended,211820,24630115,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Oblivion Gaming,"At the end of the day.. it's.. mediocre at the moment.  You can see my whole review here. In its current state I can only recommend if it's on sale.  This may change as time goes on, hopefully the devs stick with it.https://youtu.be/2FUl6N3ZaxY"
,Recommended,211820,24726375,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Police Doggo,Great Game so far!(:
,Recommended,211820,24727766,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Darkheart,"An amazing game for Survival , creativity , messing around or even Roleplaying , definatley one of my favorite games of all time."
,Recommended,211820,24733751,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Campers Craft,"---Very fun game with loads of re-playability, better than average story for games of its type, an excilent combat system all complimented by fun and unique mechanics. its not a game that is constantly pushing you toward an end goal, you are allowed to do things how you want and when you want. The game if FILLED with endless potential for exploring and discovery. AND HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥the music is ♥♥♥♥ING PERFECT!                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            -                                                                                                                                                                                                                               ---My only complaint would be a lack of in depth optimization.                                                                                                                    -                                                                                                                                                                                                                    ---%100 Worth paying full price for!"
76561198117353111,Recommended,211820,24530203,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,TheAsianJewMan,"Great Game, I personally prefer it to terraria for it's depth and expanse.  10/10 would fall 10ft and die to monkey dinosaur again."
76561198045206835,Recommended,211820,24717424,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Bruniik Kaal,great fun now they optimized it
76561198151930843,Recommended,211820,24717770,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Xavidd,"I recommend this game oh so very much. This will be my first game review so bear with me:first of all I love sandbox games, and this game has provided a rich environment with countless possibilities to build and decorate each and every planet.The random weapons are amazing, surviving a wave of enemies armed with an ice elemental sniper rifle that is also able to shoot cryo grenades and a sword that can tear a new one in the very fabric of space is quite a rush ^^. If you would like to travel the vast universe exploring new planets or to colonizing your very own planet this game is for you.P.S.: The modding community is amazing and is always adding new ways to enjoy this game and bring new content to its already enormous universe ^o^"
,Recommended,211820,24717914,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Master of Retro,"This game was great when it first was released, its animations, its enemies, even its bosses and crafting systems were great,  then the development team took a gigantic leap and added an amazing story, more/improved items and countless other things, 11/10 in my book!"
76561198135667240,Recommended,211820,24719277,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,The Colonial Muffin,"This game is great.in this game i can be a lama when I grow up.I can get a colony of people who also want to be lamasBut aside from the lamas...-This is a great game, its randomized, there is no repeditive junk where the devs made 4 planet shapes and hoped no one     would notice.-There is alot of content, more than lots of other games, even Terraria (I think, my math is bad, also, I only have the mobile verson)-Even after you quote ""beat da game"" there is more stuff to explore.-It has a story, a short one, but a story-Runs pretty nice on my new computerthe only problem is...-it doesnt run on my lemon computer, as it eats all the the frames and still wants more (Its a greedy lemon)"
76561198031296417,Recommended,211820,24719598,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Brauhmius,I love this game and what it has become. I was minding my own buisness digging a hole. When suddenly I was buried under some sand as a morphball. RIP character. 10/10 Would dig again.
76561198059809206,Recommended,211820,24724743,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,AXIS,Addictive Game but worth it. Mission system and races well considered and but need customizable ship for game also be diffirent planets Reveals the difference terraria.The game have short scenario but good game.
,Recommended,211820,24734129,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,the embassador,"good overall gameplay with alot of replay value great combat and soundtrack exeptional character customization and ""story""poor interface and inventory8/10"
,Recommended,211820,24946440,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Оранжевый Рейх,THIS GAME IS F**KING GREAT F THE HATERS
,Recommended,211820,24067796,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,had the pink polo :(,this game am very good it do lots of fun thanks chuckelfisch
,Recommended,211820,24169294,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Killshot,noice
76561198211467472,Recommended,211820,24834597,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,PumpkinGamer23,A masterpeice combining so many elements in an almost seemless tapistry of depth and adventure.
,Recommended,211820,24172383,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,RaGe | DaggerFine,"Hey. I'm Alex, and this is by far my most favorite game of all time.Starbound is a mix of every game you would want a game to be. You can have it be an MMO if you wish, you can take it by the shooter aspects, farm, build, etc. etc.But what really makes this game the greatest is the interaction, thick story, and infinite space.~~~PROS~~~- Thick, good story that encourages exploration of other planets.- Ability to build, farm, and own a colony all in the same space.- Good and consistent NPC dialouge, many races, and infinite quests.- Collectibility is so vast. You can collect just about anything, and there are items even meant for so.- Multiplayer is consistent, usually with little lag and can be hosted on physical servers or locally for good connection and gameplay.- Combat is stunning. Many different ways to go about it, and many different tools to use.- Most creatures are random, creating variation and difficulty, and some are set to be beautiful.- Pretty decent graphics, for a pixel game.- Limitless fun, and hours of whatever you want, with little to no bore.~~~CONS~~~- The most prominent thing, it is not free.- Some quests can jerk you back and forth, but not as bad as Andromeda.- Getting fuel for your ship from moons is annoying as hell.- Maintaining a constant pixel value is hard, as converting them to stored state doesnt give you as many back as you put in.- After a while you start seeing similar planets, but rarely will they tire you.All in all, I'd give this game a stunning 10/10. Its pretty great, and I love it.Thanks for reading my review!"
,Recommended,211820,24226252,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,frizen yoghert,A great gameBUTSo Sad i got a toaster
,Recommended,211820,22135022,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,PoofyBunnie,"I recomend this game if you love Terraria or Minecraft. The game is very fun, and is getting content constantly added to it. It may have had a rocky start, but it's gotten so much better."
,Not Recommended,211820,17393487,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,F8,i dont like it
,Recommended,211820,15691932,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,$plugy,"Even though it is a slightly new game, it is beautifully designed. I enjoy the graphics and the creativity is mindblowing. It is nothing like terraria or minecraft, no matter what anyone says. I look forward to seeing this game expand and update! :)"
,Not Recommended,211820,15707191,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Spicy Dennis,i hope you like dying and getting lost a lot as you slip and slide around this mess of a game
,Not Recommended,211820,17327792,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Яеοη,"This game has missed several launch dates, as far back as 2012 and grows more stagnant by the month when it usually gets an update. Updates have been pointless add-ons like NPC idle animations, monster name generator, a few chairs, experiments by devs that won't be in the game, ingame minigames that no one plays. The quests are incredibly long and boring, you have to go through the same dungeon over and over to brute force your way through it since it's essentially a time sink barrier. Game lacks basic features like setting spawn points, tree growing animations (or sprites), tons of items are not named correctly and/or the icons don't match the item.**RANT WARNING**Yes, it is a beta and that's exactly my point, the developers spend more time playing around with experiments and creating silly NPC animations when they should be working on the core game aspect, questing, making unique enemies, unique dungeons, expand crafting, etc. The current iteration of the game is what you are going to get at launch with some NPC housing elements and that's it. The stretch goals might get into the game at launch but I expect them to simply fall back on the disclaimer that was attached to most of those goals which is to add them in post launch. Save your money and just pirate the game, the first thing the devs did after selling over a million copies was take a 6 month vacation and blew all the cash so the development slowed down dramatically. Obviosuly poor leadership and management since I've watched a couple of the devs stream and they seemed to know thier stuff, but without proper direction people will do whatever they feel like doing, the fun stuff.tl;dr: pirate it."
76561197996549688,Not Recommended,211820,17375866,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,[ARGENTINA] @l3X!,i cant believe it is still early...
76561198051948524,Not Recommended,211820,17381678,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,BewareOfTheThotOne,"I swear, R'lyeh rising out of the sea, Haley's Comet appearing, Pewdiepie dying at the age of 26 and EA not being greedy ♥♥♥♥wads for once will have happened by the time this game gets out of early access.And I had high hopes for this, too. Unless you want to help shape or accelerate the development process by buying this and/or going to the forums, don't spend the 15 bucks required. Buy Terraria instead if you want a 2D-based block-mining adventure."
,Recommended,211820,24701803,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Gameguy66,"Absolutely amazing.  A 2D sandbox that leaves you to not just explore one planet, but thousands on your quest.  Each planet is unique, housing tons of different options and items for you to experiment with.  The story, though not neccesary, pushes the player to advance at a solid pace, helping the player decide what to upgrade next so that they may make the most out of their universe.  Everything about this game is astounding, and is surely worth the purchase."
,Recommended,211820,24751837,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rasputin,"Overall, for $15 this is a really good survival game, especially for people who enjoy the 2d side scrolling style.There's always plenty to do with loads of quests as well as the main quest line.I only have ONE complaint, which is that the tech tree/line is very confusing, the game isn't very clear as to what you need to do to get to the next tier of gear, I understand you upgrade stuff like the inventors table and the anvil but I just think that if reworked it could possibly be better.Ps. Your ship will often get cluttered as you won't have room for all of the structures you need to use until later in the game when you can get upgrades."
76561198068520011,Recommended,211820,15759017,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Foxpup,"Starbound is another addicting game that I am glad to have in my library. With space exploration, and vast ammounts of enemies and monsters to fight, along with dungeons that are encountered while digging down to the depths there is much to do in this game.I am anticipating this early access game to do great once it is finally finished. I recommend this to anyone who liked Terria."
,Recommended,211820,24701351,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Deuce033,Sick Game... Definatly worth the money
76561198061707420,Recommended,211820,23042655,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Khorne's Loyal Terminator,"Starbound is a unique game, adding the elements of survival games with the firepower of action games. This game has always and will always be a one of a kind. This game not only make me laugh at the goofy looking creatures on each planet, but it also tests my limits. Which is not very common in games nowadays! Dark Souls franchise is a prime example of challenging games! It makes you always have to be aware of your surroundings and the dangers that lie within. This adds a bit of that challenge element and that is why I love this game."
76561198056366042,Recommended,211820,19577410,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Many Ninjas,"Great game, amazing developers (despite what the whine fest of steam reviewers would tell you, thumbs down with 300+ hours, yea makes sense...). The developers are pushing content out incredibly fast (nightly builds), some of it's small some of it's game changing, all of it's great. They say it's a work in progress but if you pay attention to the amount of hours players have on this game, you can probably tell that the content and re-playability is already there. I'm picky when it comes to these things but this game is easily a 9/10 for me."
,Recommended,211820,24526694,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Woah(ke af),"Starbound is a great game if you like games like terraria, or want a huge sandbox to play around in.Sadly, The base game itself is not amazing on its own, you really have to make your own fun. The main problem appears to be that the dev team put in a lot of features, and just said go play with them, and if you want to play with them, it is a ton of fun. The main place it falls short is the story. The story starts off promising a really interesting and in-depth world to be built, but the rest of the story that I have played so far (about 20 hours worth of gameplay) is not good. it is a series of fetch quests into a fun, but overall meaningless mission. The only real lore I have learned so far has been the opening cut scenes, the rest you have to really look for. While that can be cool, it is really annoying having to go around every singe world just to find a page of lore to read. There is no interesting way to digest the lore, it is basically a book.Another gripe I have is that the unmodified game, especially in multiplayer, you can get to the end-game gear in like 5-10 hours. Adding mods in, or trying to play slowly really enhances the experience, but I should not have to forcibly slow myself down, or modhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=730986737the game for me to enjoy my first play through.That being said, this game is a ton of fun, presuming you have the patience to read the lore and roleplay in the world, otherwise it is just another, larger terraria."
76561198080642370,Recommended,211820,24521796,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Wait I know you!,I totally recommend this game! Its terraria but in space and way better! Trust me! If you like space traveling and going to galaxys far far away.... no not starwars sadly but its still a good game! you should totally get this!
76561198108167779,Recommended,211820,24525161,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bonez,"game's improved alot, it's really reccomended in my opinion. lots to do and lots to see, even some fun bosses, possibly. its a good game, even though its a bit like terraria and minecraft."
76561198162902687,Recommended,211820,24618964,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,PootliciousCookie/unikrn.com,"I heard lots of bad stuff about the game.But,I gave it a shot because I like these type of games.And after I played the game,i genuinely loved it!I tried it in singleplayer and it was awesome.It can be more awesome with friends.Also,devs are working a lot on the game as far as I have seen it.So plz,give this game a chance.You will be surprised how fun it is to play it."
,Recommended,211820,24624668,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,FOX MAIN EU,"As of posting this CF seems to be slowly killing the game.ProsInfinite worlds to exploreBuild a town of your ownExpand your ship and its crewPlay music with your friendsExplore with your buddiesMod support!ConsChuckle Fish seems to not please the communityBosses are bland and boringEnd game is just volcanic and scorched planets, making exploring get old really fastChuckle Fish removed (or as they put it ""pruned"") atonof content before 1.0Combat is just a matter of ""does it do good damge?"" then smacking things until it diesThe story is alright, nothing spectacular until you hit the end where the quality drops fast and hardConclusionI'm not going to give this a scoring out of 10 or 100, nor a ""buy it"" or ""dont waste your time"". The player base seems to be fractured into 2 camps, the first are people who love it, the second who think its nice but has flaws. I've been playing from the early patches and personally I think CF has made mistakes and needs to change their approach to improve their game.See what everyone says and decide if you want to give it a go.TL;DR: Hell if i know what you'll think about this game, I enjoy it."
76561198173162769,Recommended,211820,24520321,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,apolloaim,BEST GAME EVER THE NEW INTRO TO THE GAME IS AMAZING DEFFANITALY RECCOMEND
76561198060977778,Not Recommended,211820,24491705,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,OMG!,I no longer recommend this game. After the 1.0 update the game is terrible. They have added a horrible new hot bar system that makes the game unplayable and refused to listen to any of the people who dislike it. Chucklefish has turned into one of those devs that think they're better then everyone else and have paid admins to insult and attack anyone who who dislikes the new update.
,Not Recommended,211820,24491333,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Fatty,"Use to love this game, honestly how its completely lost its spendor to me, played over 200 hours while it was being made, testing every update, and still had fun even through all the character wipes, but now, it just doesnt feel like the same game anymore, its full of unbalanced frustration."
,Recommended,211820,24632768,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Diz,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is addicting
,Recommended,211820,24511090,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,ԲՀԿ55,"4,5/5 because main storyline is kinda short AFTERALL BUT ♥♥♥♥ THAT EAT PIZZA AND MASTURBATE AND COLLECT ♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME POKEMONS AND♥♥♥♥♥♥AND KILL EVERY RACE YOU FIND IN THIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING GAME"
,Recommended,211820,8215830,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,PatrickStar,BEST GAME EVER!!!
76561198347786619,Not Recommended,211820,28770971,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,sjbull94,This game runs unplayably slow ever since 1.0. It still hasn't been fixed and it's been nearly a year.
76561198168803148,Not Recommended,211820,29126079,Posted: 8 January,all,Bluehotwings,I was playing this game for a while now but when i turned off the game and got on 30 minutes later my character was gone and it made me really mad and I wish i could get my character back
76561198298663721,Recommended,211820,23023999,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,varkus,This game is one of the only games that caught my attention and so far it has been one of the best things I have ever played in a while. It is very addicting imo.
76561198028717794,Recommended,211820,23042771,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Rechtangles,"I've had this game for a year and a half now and we're still waiting for it to be removed from early access. Normally that would♥♥♥♥♥♥me off, but the early version of this game is still really fun to play so I guess I can't complain about it too much. It's a really fun game that pretty much let's you do whatever you want. You can build houses, farms, villages, etc, or you can just travel around mining and fighting aliens at each planet.There isn't really a story but I believe that they are working on that in a soon-to-be-released patch and hopefully the final release of the game comes out soon like they recently promised.I do however hate the multiplayer setup. The fact that I had to access my router, open port forwarding, and create servers almost makes too much effort to play with friends. I'm not sure why they don't just have drop in/out feature to make playing with people easier.All in all though, I've spent a lot of time in the game, and it's one that I think will get even better over time, whenever it's finally released."
,Recommended,211820,23043382,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Gwyn,Aliens10/11Edit: Ive had this game since Koala (Alpha) and this game has grown up alot and its grown goodi highly recommend this game
,Recommended,211820,11816453,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,yellowsnow,"Although this game is only in beta or whatever, It is amazing! It has so much content for a game of it's price.It's got modding supoort and there are heaps of mods out there for it that only improve the game futher.The only drawbacks of this game to date are the servers. Some of them can be quite laggy nomatter how close you are to them, but it's getting better. The lag does not make it hard to however.All in all I would definatly reccomend this game. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,11822205,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Mojo,"Design-wise, Starbound is brilliant- cute/clever pixel art, beautiful music, and interesting backstories. It's a great sandbox game, and has many possibilities."
76561198055765296,Not Recommended,211820,24681010,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Raheid Abdual Bohog,Trash. Have had this since day 1 still is complete♥♥♥♥♥♥ thanks for nothing weak♥♥♥♥♥developers
76561198206746245,Not Recommended,211820,20164335,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Great'r Eli,just another terraria copy
,Recommended,211820,20158729,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Biscuit,Why the hell does this have bad reviews because it's still in early access? It's still fantastic. Hell I even prefer this to terraria
76561198066691263,Recommended,211820,20199254,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LoveableShadow,"I love this game, the developers are great! It's one of the few early access games that I'm glad I bought into."
76561198062384546,Not Recommended,211820,20202488,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The Boosted Senpai,"Only got to play it for a few minutes, doesn't work now."
76561198015087901,Recommended,211820,13547969,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,rat,"Amazing game! It has the Terraria feel but in my opinion, much better because you can travel to other planets and solar systems. The only things wrong with it are: There should be a delete button next to the characters you have created so that you can delete unwanted characters, and if possible, it should keep fullscreen mode on every time you load up the game. Apart from that, amazing! P.S. It's also multiplayer so you can play with your friends!"
,Recommended,211820,17718403,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,PhelpsBong,"This is my first review, so I won't drag it out.I love this game.When minecraft became big, I loved the concept and toyed around with the game occasionally but found (and still find) it very lacking in both visual and gameplay complexity.Enter terraria. Probably the only game in my library with more playtime than starbound, but as more updates are released, I see that proportion shifting, It's hard to describe this game without mentioning Terraria, but it's less of a ripoff and more of an exceptional reimagining.With zany quests and characters, a bizarrely huge galaxy full of diverse planets with civilizations both ancient and active, and the prospect of the developers perfecting it all and adding even more- well worth the $20 I paid. If you like terraria you will like this game."
,Recommended,211820,11554761,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Webster,"This is more fun than anything I've played in a while.  It's a bit easier than Minecraft, and a bit more advanced than Terraria, and soooo much fun."
,Recommended,211820,13479955,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sebjean,"Very good Sandbox game with lots of content, mod friendly.  If you enjoyed Terraria, then you will enjoy this game!"
,Recommended,211820,32548044,Posted: 18 June,all,cfiend,I almost feel guilty for liking it even more than Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,7922046,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Yuno,"THIS IS MADNESS... Madness? THIS IS TERRARIA!No jokes beside - Starbound is a really really good game in my opinion. Its like Terraria v3.0 Better animations -  graphics - story - gameplay - engine - its lovely. The music isnt that chip-punk-thing like in terraria its more like the music in minecraft - calm and fresh. The randomness of everything is too damn high - you dont even see things twice. You will get used to your homeworld and then BAM on another world everything's different. I like this game. You got great quests - but no real tutorial.There are still some beta-issues - but I think these will get fixed soon. Pretty happy with the current state.Graphics : 9/10Gameplay : 7/10 (some battles grinding my gears)Story and Sh** : 6/10Funfactor : 10/10Randomness : 100/10 :P (random biomes, random monsters, random caves, random poop, random fart.)last word.its worth the 14€ or 10 bucks whatever."
,Recommended,211820,14241770,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Mr.Z V1.0,If u like terraria u might like starbound
,Recommended,211820,24605356,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Onyun,"Probably one, if not the, best game in my Library.  I spent so much time and more creating and building my character and colony.  Not a lot I can particularly say about how good this game is, I just can't do that as well as some people.  Just take my word for it.:3"
,Recommended,211820,9877752,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,мr.planĸ,"This is kinda an old review game, but it has it's own build up's so really you just gotta be patient. And hell there's mechs. So whats not to like?"
,Recommended,211820,15593699,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Alaïs L.,"Still at early access (since forever, but updates are frequent) and it's already better than terraria because planets, lore, quests, many many decor, races, and lots of other stuff!There's been this super huge time when the progression was really quick and boring until this huge last update. The changes were great. I'm still cautioning everyone to be careful with purchasing early access games.Starbound's been long overdue, but at least it's moving regularly now."
,Recommended,211820,15331216,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,jackietd,"definitely worth 15$. Starbound is like terraria but in space :D. Has tons upon tons of items to collect and craft, many weapons and armour to gain. Tons of randomly generated creatures to fight across infinite planets in the universes of starbound."
,Recommended,211820,15920414,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,MJ,"Absolutely amazing.I am a crackhead ♥♥♥♥♥ for lore, and this game is 9000 lines for me."
76561198050836241,Recommended,211820,16340193,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,TaKeN PiLlS,"I just love this game man, it has improved so much since it was first releases."
,Recommended,211820,21013755,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SuperBananaCat,"I love this game. fun to explore, not much of a need to build things. just keep the quests coming, this game gets better with every update."
,Recommended,211820,21193381,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,enasella,"pros :A great game. Obviously you should play this at least once. you can manipulate almost all the materials in the world, and planets you can visit outnumber you can imagine. controls are simple, but if you break a seal of a mode you let interaction among object you've created, a new world opens and waits for you.cons :This game is still in development, you may face critical bugs which deadly damages your spirit. by now I faced two bugs. one is that I lose some materials I've collected by now when I open all the chests which contain items at the same time. another is that my spaceship spacejumps to another planet and I lose all portals so that I cannot locate where I have been (remember, the space - in this game - is gigantic vast) after crash.I could play this game successfully for over 40 hours, and I think I can play more. now I could escape from starbound because I lost everything I've collected because of the spacejump. but later I will play this charming game again."
76561198241477106,Recommended,211820,24797172,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,DucksOnQuack,Amazingly fun and awesome. 10 out 10 would play it again! So many cool items!
,Recommended,211820,24567178,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DugTheDoggo,"Don't listen to these people, this game is absoulutely amazing, sure it might seem like terraria, well guess what? The dev of the game worked on terraria, so don't expect it too seem like terraria. Although, it has quests which makes the game a bit more interesting something, terraira does not have that so it lacks that and makes the game become boring at some point. Starboud makes it so that you don't get bored and you get to do quests and explore a lot more. I suggest buying the game, it's really fun. Don't listen to the other people, try it out for yourself if you don't like it within 24 hours, return. You'll be happy you bought it. The game is amazing. 10/10, even has workshop, something terraria also doesn't have so expect to find people making lots of mods including, weapons, armor, and even quests. Just buy it, it's worht the $15."
,Recommended,211820,24568090,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,PaperJam,"I really love this game. It took all of my ideas for any space/survival game and made it true. I love the weapons, creatures, and the planets. I recommend this game to anyone who plays video games in general becuase it has something for everyone."
,Recommended,211820,24578901,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,OverworldLord,"Starbound had around 3 years to become one of the best games ever created. So why do I feel like it was a better, more fun game before it's final release? I've played around 20 hours or so of the campaign, and I'm done, so it's definitely shorter than that. You may be saying, '20 hours? That's pretty good!' Wrong for three reasons.Reason one; The boss fights take a long, long time to finish. So long, in fact, that I've seen people speeding up boss fight footage to make it finish quicker. And if you die? You need to restart the whole fight, and slowly tick away at their health bar once again. But you say that the weapons are too weak? Well, if you try to craft them yourself, they are even WEAKER than anything you may find. This wouldn't be a big deal if you didn't die towards the end of them a lot, making you do the whole thing over again.Reason two; If I had known what I was doing, I could have knocked hours off. I'm not talking about speedrunning, I'm talking about the 'upgrade' mechanic that wasn't explained at all. Apparently, you can upgrade your equipment, such as your furnace, to create better ores. Perhaps the reason I didn't know this is because I played early access, but it wasn't explained at all either way, and I didn't notice the upgrade button until I looked it up. I instantly had much better equipment, and bursted through some of the planets I was having trouble at with ease using my new armor.Reason three; IT WAS MORE FUN WITHOUT THE CAMPAIGN. I didn't put 200 hours in for the campaign; I put it in for the fun of exploring new planets, and the loot within their chests. It was more fun when you could summon bosses to wherever you are; have a lava battle with a giant robot, for example. Having their preset dungeons is stupid, and gets old quickly.So is it worth buying?For the campaign, no. The story is stupid, gonna be honest. At no time did I feel sympathy, sorrow, respect, or anger towards any of the characters. It's all the same for the different missions; meet a character, kill bad guys, fight boss, collect spoiler, and they join your clan. The final boss is stupid too. In the first mission (minor spoiler for the rest of this paragraph), they invade earth and destroy it, but at the final boss you see no way how they could have done this, because they are their own planet, and there is no space elevator to Earth.For the workshop, yes. Eventually, I hope that they can eventually rip out the story, and let you play how YOU want to play, not how the game does. I've already seen biome additions, more dungeons, races, and etc. before the game was released, and I hope those can all transfer over here.For exploration, yes... and no. You will not be limited by the story if you just explore, but some shops are closed until you do, and some quests cannot be completed. Planet explorers will have a fairly fun time, but village finders will not. Almost all the quests in the villages are the same. Here are the templates;Can you give [person] X [item]? [Usually 2 or 3 more quests after this one]Can you collect X [item]? [usually 2 or 3 more after this one]My friend and I were going to talk about [something], but they never showed up. I think the [enemy] may have kidnapped them. Can you go to [location] to get them?And then there's quests after the first quest is completed, but these are basically all you'll be doing at villages.So, that's basically it. The recently added campaign sucks, and content was STRIPPED in the final release, such as some planets. HOWEVER, workshop and exploration can redeem this game. It will just take some time and patience. The reason I'm going to give this game a thumbs up is because it isn't a BAD game, and there's plenty to do without the campaign. But it's CERTAINLY not as good as it could have been."
76561198061673473,Recommended,211820,24622088,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,?!,"Game is fun. That's all that matters. I bought the game since release when it was still in beta and early access state. If you want to have fun, buy it."
,Recommended,211820,24623381,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,foxxy grill,ehhpink humanoid bird is a playable character10/10
,Recommended,211820,24626195,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,SodaJuicy,"first of all, the game looks like another game, let's call it 'maincrah 2d' but it;s not, very cool game and more with friend.... you can build a base, craft many items and trael to another worlds cool game l can say, :) you can be a monkey, penguin and other thing cool cool game :)"
76561198097423444,Recommended,211820,24568807,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ascended Jeb! (FINAL FORM),"I gotta say, after a long campaign trail, and an untimely death, and ressurection.Fun game to play with a side of my homemade guac.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,24638283,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,dragon547,am using mac love the game but since 1.03 i cant use anything to change my tech or the robot to fix hoverbikes it is concerning because this may drive new players away i alredy have all my techs that i use but i obtained these pree patch upbate. i have talked to some members of the comunity and this problem is prevelently on mac. love the game that is why i am leaving this revew because i want it to reach its full potential for everyone.ps randomly genrated high altatude birds are so much fun to catch i found one that is my mvp for everything. and did i mention that i love this gamedo i recomend this game even with its bugs here and there heck ya it can olny get better
76561198027330287,Not Recommended,211820,24690188,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,lainlain,"I really enjoyed the beta around a year ago, and seeing that the 1.0 was out I decided to give it a go.I must say, I am utterly disappointed.What I do not like :- The quest system is one of the most boring I have ever seen, fetch some stuff, come back, scan things, come back, do a mission, repeat.- The exploration is lame. When I first played this game, back in early beta versions, there were so many planets to visit just after a few minutes in the game, sure there was no story whatsoever, but exploration-wise, it was fun to try and find planets with pirate ships to buy overpowered weapons then lay waste on every living thing.- The hotbars are a hassle, I seriously spent 15 minuets figuring out how the L/R thing worked (ok, I was not giving much effort but nonetheless... stupid.) Instead of using shortcuts from 0 to 9, there's half the number, each shortcut can have 2 one handed items or 1 two handed item. Plus clicking and dragging stuff is quickly annoying. Especially when you have to go through so much garbage in the many different inventories.- The new cooking and farming stuff is horrible and tedious. Food does not stack anymore. It rots away and takes all place in the inventory.- Upgrading the matter manipulator is aa pain in the neck. Same for techs. Just find modules, then upgrade. But to find these modules is completely random, or as rewards for the boring quests this game offers.- Weapons are a joke. There are secondary abilities, which usually are not worth the primary attack, which is basically the same for every weapons. Every weapons attacks, except daggers, hare poor range and are too slow. I tend to use spears, at least there's more reach...The only plus i'd give is that there is some kind of story and progress going on, but it is so poorly managed (go somewhere, scan some stuff, come back), it did not give me the courage to keep going.I sincerely hope there will be some kind of rollback to make this game enjoyable again.Or at least, have a mode without the story, without the quests, with the old weapon and techs system. Just free exploration, and food that stacks, dammit !!!"
76561198041416557,Recommended,211820,24692267,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Jareix Craivix,"I don't think it's fair to call this game a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ or bad... I don't even think ""Shadow of potential"" would really be appropriate in this case... I think a better descriptor would either be ""Recovering near-death patient just waking up"" or ""Infant that has finally learned to walk""... Many of these negative reviews talk as if the game cut off its arms to win a footrace and is now permanently debilitated...  In reality, it's more like it cut off its legs to get out of escape from the pits of development hell so that it can actually return to the realm of the developing and complete... A lot of content was removed, yes... That much is very true... But looking at the files, they would have spent all of their time rewriting all of what they had in order to work with their new systems, which were put in place to (successfully for many) better optimize the game. They had literally hundreds of new files that would have had to been rewritten and resprited in order to work... (about 150 monster skills that would have to be written from the ground up and 360 racial weapons that would have had to have been re-written for the new format and resprited for said new format)... However, there is discussion that they may be readding a bunch of those in a later content update...Did they make a lot of promises that have still not been implemented? Of course! That happens with any game... Concepts and ideas that seemed awesome at the time often are either dropped or set aside... Unique story lines for each race? Do you realize how many months this protectorate one took to make? Space combat? Sure FTL meets terraria sounded awesome in its conception, but really, how much would adding space combat to the game have done for it? Bounty system? That'd take a lot of time to develop and program. It's not something one can just add without a ton of discussion, planning, and testing that people honestly didn't really have time for.But does the fact it's been in EA for two and a half years (one of them being spent in dev hell) and removed a lot of content make this a bad game? No! Not in the slightest... While it's certainly not a 10/10, I don't think anything below a 7.5 would necessarily be a fair judgement... Just because the game lost some of its potential, doesn't mean it's doomed to fail forever... I mean, hell how much did terraria have in 1.0? About a couple hundred or so items and four bosses with a much smaller scope. How about minecraft? About as much as this game has now... NMS? From what we can tell pretty much something proportiately similar in regards to content but on a different layer of depth...Just because it's in a 1.0 release state, doesn't mean it is never going to be touched again... It just means, and I'll say it again, it's finally come back to life after a long time of being dead... It's woken up in the hospital bed surrounded by people who love it for what it is and people that scorn it for what it could have been... Either way, it's not done getting better just yet... I say, give it time to retrieve what it once lost before ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ all over it and calling it a dissapointment..."
,Recommended,211820,24604464,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lanze,"It was worth the wait....and the soundtrack, oh, the soundtrack."
76561198041330288,Recommended,211820,24625744,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Maxx Saigen,"Tl;dr This game is amazing, and the mods there are make it even better.Skip the rant if you want pro's and con's.I'm only posting this to address some things about certain people. There are:1. People who are comparing it to terraria despite the game being completely different minus both being 2d.2. People who say that it is ""ruined"". I don't even know.3. People saying there is not much content (Minecraft has much less bare-bone, and you don't see people complaining about that?)4. People saying combat is clunky even though it's easier to fight than terraria imo. Plus it took me about 10 minutes to master my first time playing. It's seriously not that hard. That, and they've actually added combos and specials to weapons making it EASIER!5. People that are hating just to join the bandwagon (Not saying everyone is, but there are people I saw hate the game despite never playing nor seeing any of it.)6. People that claim ""The developers are sketchy"" even though they released a full game and worked hard. Seriously, people need to get over there grudge.Okay, end rant. Time for pro's and con's.Pros:Wonderful soundtrack (Seriously).Planet explorationSandbox game with an actual story.Unique weapons and specials.Interesting structures.Lots and lots of costumes.7 races with good customization.Moddable.Ship expansion.Pets.Cons:Game ends up feeling empty without mods, similar to minecraft. Needs mods to be fun.Beginning of game is slow.Novakid gets no story time.Hard combat learning curve, apperently?Possible FPS problems without a good computer.Otherwise I recommend the game. 8/10."
,Recommended,211820,24553560,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Arugin,"Boundless space with the thousands of planets.Your own ship with the ability to repair and upgrade it.Nice music.Exploration, crafting, fighting - all you need to forget about foreign world for a hundred of hours."
,Recommended,211820,14228558,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,d u d e nice r o w s,"The new Winter Update brings a more fleshed out questing system, a much more expanded crafting system, racial weapons as well as armor, improved mechanics such as no more dying because your character is chilly, and more. The update is improving upon the core game substantially.Starbound is a futuristic 2d sandbox RPG of the style of Terraria. The newest update brings this vision closer to reality as well. As a player who's played some of the nightly builds, none of this is news to me but at the same time bringing this new update stable is a  huge plus.I would recommend this to any fan of Space-based games, RPG's, or creative types who want to build and create as in Minecraft or Terraria."
76561197988118698,Recommended,211820,14270490,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Rizzl3,Its a great game. Ignore the bitter haters. The new winter update has added alot of nice content and stability.
76561198148938869,Recommended,211820,14271554,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,syfer24,"great ,alot of fun .but i wish my character wasnt deleated. 9/10"
,Recommended,211820,14274823,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,coolbrodude44,"The, BEST GAME EVER. SO MANY ITEMS. so little time."
,Recommended,211820,14271011,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Doggo,"Like Terraria? Love sandbox games? Love early access? Look no further than Starbound!I won't write as long as I have, there is far too much to cover, I am writing this post-winter update.Starbound is an epic 2D space sandbox game, with infinite randomly generated planets, and a basic hub world, (This is LAN and Singleplayerwise).  Crafting in this game is simple and easy to understand, as well as less expensive than it has been in the past.  There are a total of 5 different races to choose from, Avian, Hylotl, Floran, Human, Novakid, and Apex, each with unique crafted gear and abilities (ahem, sorry just gear, only Hylotl get something other than the basics). The story? Not measurable and insignificant, however since it is sandbox you can have your story be anything you can think of.  Online play is fun, it is great for RP, PVP, and Factions as well as other modded gamemodes too.  The weapons and enemies are randomly generated too, so all weapons, as well as the aliens you will face, will be different.I give this game a 9/10 which is fair, however what bugs me is the lack of tech abilies you are given."
76561198107428637,Recommended,211820,14290777,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Nythim,"Starbound, a game with so much content packed into one title it could take hours of fun gameplay just to get half way through the game.  where you are immersed into your character as he or she takes to the stars and tackles what's out there, from space plants who want to hunt and cook anything they can sink their teeth into, to the Apex, Brilliant minded ape like humanoids under the Iron fist of the 'Big ape' and his miniknog forces. Just by adding small backstories to all the races, Chucklefish gave us an oportunity to use our imagination and engage with these characters and the universe surrounding them as we see fit.Although a lot of games in the past couple of years started to follow the route along side Terraria and Minecraft, Starbound stands out on a whole new level compared to most of the sandbox games out there today. Starbound is an extremely relaxing and entertaining game to play, from soothing background music to just slowly taking your time as you learn about lore or even building something remarkable, impressive and awe-inspiring.This game is by far my favourite and i do wish to of been there from the begining, finding this on steam was a gem to me and i hope others can enjoy this jewel of a game that Chucklefish has created.and being able to wear a horse's head for a hat while in a wedding dress as you duel wield grenade launchers blowing up anything that moves has never been so satisfying.Amazing game, Highly recomended"
76561198033639171,Recommended,211820,14231870,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Darkdaynight,Bought game. Never played.  Was fun.  10/10
76561197993658001,Not Recommended,211820,25187179,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,windsheer,Its is like a bowl of canned soup. Except cheap soup that is mostly water with a little bit of noodles and like one chunk of chicken. Then you dump that bowl of soup into a pool and there you ths game. Yes it is a big sandbox world but with nothig much in it. I played the main story and explored some but then shole experience was very bland. I had no interest in base building though so i can't judge it on that.
76561198203795260,Recommended,211820,24820502,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,m.mill3085,cool game
,Not Recommended,211820,12291847,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,I_Wear_Jackets (Hiatus),This is basically a rip-off of terraria. No offense starbound. I do like the coal-travel-planet-thingy tho
,Not Recommended,211820,20157898,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,/FSnC\ Forte ∅,"You mean to tell me I can review this game because my friend owns it? Wow, Steam, next you'll let me review games I own on different platforms!Starbound. Where to start. Apparently it has nothing to do with Terraria even though it looks like a version of Terraria where the dev team hired a competent pixel artist, but just like Terraria, you can bet your♥♥♥♥♥the creators have run off with your money and have no intention of ever releasing a truly finished product.In their defense, this is a pretty extensive early access game, and it does a lot of things I like. For those who don't know, Terraria is a 2D sandbox/Minecraft knockoff that tries its best to add a meaningful story to the game to encourage the player to keep playing. The issue there of course, being that no one actually cares about the story because it doesn't make very much sense and is nowhere near as fun as just dicking with an entire universe.Unlike any other sandbox building game, Starbound lets you eventually leave the little hellhole you're on to go to an all new hellhole, sometimes one that has been found and populated by an angry race of plant people, but more often than that, populated by one or two merchants or a lone nomad much like you. The threat that every planet poses to you is listed in terms lifted from ""The Hitchiker's Guide to the Galaxy"", which is a cute reference. The biggest flaw I've noticed with leaving hellhole alpha and going to hellhole sigma 5 is that they're pretty similar. The native animals are never similar because they're procedurally generated and frankensteined together as the planet is created, but you never feel the need to stay - just go to the planet, plunder the resources, and go back to your ever growing starship. So for me, the biggest draw to this game - the space travel - is unrewarding and honestly feels poorly thought out. The game becomes a grind for raw materials at a much faster rate than Minecraft does, and there's very little feeling of accomplishment when you suck up 40,000 tons of material with your matter gun and spit them all out instantly in another place to form a 2D mansion. It isn't even fun to look at, really.I guess it's all a matter of personal preference, but somehow, a guy like me who hates 90% of 3D games, thinks this particular 2D game would have done better as a 3D game. Still waiting for a ""meh"" button."
76561198054639387,Recommended,211820,24504174,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Erenpal,"Well this game is very nice game. it tooked 20 hours to finish version 1.0.0. I am the first player destroyed ruin on 9:17PM24.07.2016Buy this game. Play with your friend its really nice game, better then Terraria"
,Not Recommended,211820,30097480,Posted: 22 February,all,*Yuki*,"Imagine uself as kid, playing in sandbox. On small closed area, covered with fences. Without toys or shovels. And you can build only one type of things. And bunch of people stay around and tell you, that you are doing it wrong. Sounds depressive? Welcome to starbound, son.Everyone make mistakes - ever game developers. But mistakes normally made to learn on them. Starbound is a situation, whendevs actually tries to make game worse(objectively)with each update, listening to fanboys andignoring everyoneelse. I've bought this game, when it had old hunger system and techs as protection from threats (thats where my hours came from) and can clearly say -early access version had way more contentand better realisation for most of parts, than what we have now:- Yep, they brought backplanet threats, but now they arecasually-easy to handle- justcraft backpackof enough tier andit will protect you from almost everything(except for mobs and falling damage, obviosly) on current and lower tiered planets.Old threats were partially restored in Frackin Universe mod. Not to mention, that its not compatible with base game and you will need to make separate savefiles, if you will ever decide to go back to vanilla.- Yep, they brought backhunger, but now itsextremely easy to manage. Who need to grow/craft things, if youwill find enough things, growing naturally/inside NPC's storages/in merchant's stores for extremely cheap price.Food takes forever to rot, while placed in iceboxes, which you, if you are lucky, will find on second from your start planet. So - there is no real objective in investing into farms, animals, fishing and other cooking. Unless if you are really intrested to browse all reciepes (which give you almost same buffs anyway) or overall fan of such things in games- Yep, they brought backmechas, but now theyhave limited usage time, shortened to ever less by health bar, combined with energy bar.Basically - you have just one bar, which is both your energy and HP. It lose stuff for BOTH incoming damage and over time, so - forget about exploration of planets, while sitting inside your giant robot - your eva will die over time by itself, ever if you will drive it carefully- Yep, we now have finishedstory. They took everything, that made races individual and replaced it withcommunistic protectorate bsin 2 weeks before release. Cannibalistic florans? Dictature of Big Brother in apes? NAH, ITS NOT PROBLEM, FRIENDSHIP WILL SAVE THIS WORLD FROM EVIL TENTACLES!Yes, its really THAT bad - compared to this game's current story, lore of most of mmorpgs were wrote by Shakespeare- Yep, they finnaly fixedperfomance problems, appeared after one of early access updates, which made game laggy on almost any setups. For this patch - really! They promise!To be serious - it becamea bitbetter. But you will still get random lagspikes ever on ""monster"" PC - coz nobody told them about multi-threading and this game launch server ever for singleplayer. Also dont ever try to drive your car/boat on full speed - you will quickly stuck in unloaded parts of map. Simply coz nobody told them, that its possible to pre-load whole map, while you are using teleport/travelling between planets-Some things, like fancy racial weapons or USCM dungeonslost forever. But nobody need them anyway, right?Most of them were restored by modmakers - cool people, who made for this game way more, than chucklefish ever did. For freeBut not everything is such dark, actually - on the bright side,they also add ""brand new""© content:- We finnaly havenovakid villages. Clearlynot a thing, that should be in full game, so - they put it as free update after, to show us, how generous they are.- Yep, they finnaly addedability to pause game. It was such complex, difficult and completely not necessary thing, so - itgot only 5 years of developmentand 3 (without bugfixes) patches after full release to implement.- Yay, we got ability to buildspace bases! Under ""build"" - I meant ""constructwith premade parts with ugly walls, you cant replace, after grinding tonns of junk for their reciepes"". Who needs to have fun, if you can grind, right? Ability to build outside of these boxes, were considered as bug and fixed asap. Coz chucklefish clearly knows better, what people need!Not to mention, that this update also killed all mods, which gave you ability to control gravity over choosen areas. And nobody knows, if its possible to bring such feature back - for now, we can only change gravity values for whole location (planets and etc)----------Overall, what I've tried to say with this wall of sarcasm and irony, mixed with constructive criticism:I know, that, maybe, some people like, what this game became. Coz they didnt play it in early access (and have nothing to compare with), or coz they like games, which feature Korean-MMORPG's quallity of content (grind for everything, dumb AI, limitations everywere) - doesnt matter. If you are one of them - well, good for you. I also know, that, most likely, this review, just like previous orany other negative writings about this game, will be ruined by fanboys, who think, that ""thumb down"" is best way to deal with critique.But I also know, that Im not only one here, who can seeactual problems of this gameand cant simply deal with them. People write theircritique,get ignoredor acceptforum bans- andnothing happens, coz they already bought game. Only newcomers, who didnt vote with their wallets yet, can affect this situation.So - if You, person, who read this review right here, right now, agreed with me in terms of considering things, I've listed above, as fundamental problems - dont feed this hypetrain. Subscribe to this game, invest into terraria or something - butdont buy starbound. Just not yet. Itsnot bad game- you, probably, will have fun for first 10-20 hours. But then you will release, that itsnot good either.As many cool ideas, as much flaws and terrible design choices.Dissapointed."
76561198316206555,Not Recommended,211820,35036314,Posted: 17 September,all,Galaxy Man,The game is very tedious and unnecessarily difficult. You are extremely underpowered and retrieving the crystals mission was horrifyingly difficult and every time you died you would have to start over with any bandages or health packs you used gone. I spent two hours getting off of the first planet because i died in a cave and enemies would kill me before i could get back in the cave.
,Recommended,211820,24874932,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Fat Lazy And Fuck Yuel,first off if you have played it and beat it then you know what i mean when i say  i ship floran and fishface dont judge.  I couldnt recommend this game more.  So many worlds to explore being able to build cities as large as possilbe.  Weapons armor the mod workshop.  And sure the boss fights can get annoying but its so worth it and so much fun to fight and the last boss oh man it was ♥♥♥♥ing hard (spoiler one of its atttacks can ista kill ya).  The fact you can grow a crew and a cool ship.  Plus it has hidden hats and rare stuff to make ya look neat.  Did i metion the mod workshop with super fun♥♥♥♥♥♥  Plus this game is still being updated so in the future there could be even more♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and other stuff.  Only downfall the axe/hammer thing were you ahve to hold to attack kinda lame everything else love it to bits.
,Recommended,211820,12271030,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,dylan,"This is a great game, its fun to explore and find new civilizations and to get new tools and weaponry. Character Creation is great pretty much all armor looks good on you(i had male ape and put a pink skirt on him and it didn't look bad). Overall i give starbound a 9/10 and its still in beta so i cant wait to see what happens when it comes out"
,Recommended,211820,32922974,Posted: 28 June,all,Annemieke,My favourite 2D game.
76561198095075804,Recommended,211820,24466819,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nukem_All,This is a great game to play! The soundtrack is awesome and its addicting. I think it is worth the money for it :D
76561198017206188,Recommended,211820,17147572,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Halcyon,I found a helpful review to sum up my opnions on this gamehttp://brainjunkfood.com/2015/07/20/starbound-early-access-review/
76561198121101641,Recommended,211820,25602309,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,DoughnutOfDoom,"-Start game-begin...-notice this game is racist-play it some time-notice this game is more racist-f*cking monster attacks me-diedbest game   8,588567 /10"
,Recommended,211820,25630797,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Adeptus Ineptus,"This is the ultimate sandbox game; it has an entire universe to explore, heaps of crafting option and items, quests available all the time and it doesn't make huge demands of your GPU and processor, so you can happily play it on a laptop (like I do) for hours without overheating and performance worries. Worth every cent and great fun! *****"
,Recommended,211820,25724670,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sans,"THE single best survival / adventure type of game.I played it about 5 times, after every medium-big update, mostly due to f'ing up completely because of some bug.And I still enjoyed every second, every restart, every new session.Even alone it's really fun, giving you several galaxies, planets, biomes, worlds, races.Combining resourcement management, exploration, a lovely story (which I have still not fully ended at 120 hours), versatile combat with several unique bosses, building and decoration, farming, dressing up and dyeing things, crafting and cooking.I played it with my coop partner and I had some of the best hours in all of gaming.Comparable to Terraria, though somehow really different as Starbound has several maps, not just one, and much better combat, weapon and armor optionsComparable to No Mans Sky's basically infinite planet systemComparable to Borderlands basically infinite weapon system with a lot of different mods, perks and classesComparable to Minecrafts resource collection and survival and food situation.TL;DR: One of the best games IMO, certainly much better than several games nowadays, even if it was sold at full price"
,Recommended,211820,26634493,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,RobynTheRobyn,Great Game howether could include better multiplayer9.9/10wow nice secret finding m8
,Recommended,211820,21515073,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Fury,"Fun driven and focused!Pros:★ Easy to pickup 2d side-scroller.★ Great for newbies and veterans of the genre.★ A lot of customisation available.★ You can let your imagination run wild.★ Very fun solo, or with friends (if you have any).★ Developing story mode does, and will have a lot to offer.★ Very fun boss battles, questlines and objectives to meet.★ Plenty of ""I'm a bad friend"" moments in multiplayer to unleash on your mates.★ A sci-fi Terraria! I mean... c'mon!Cons:✖ Has taken awhile to get to where it is.✖ Grabbing fuel for your space shuttle is repetitive in the early days.✖ Too quick of a jump between later classes.✖ Makes me wish I was born 200 years in the future.If you're a fan of 2d side scrollers and played them before, Starbound is definitely one of the heavies of this particular genre league. The game focuses on a creative universe where you design everything from your main protagonist, to the spaceship he/she/it starts their adventure on. Each step along the way is as exciting as the last and there is a clear defining objective tree to follow so you know you won't get stuck along the journey.Now I've been an avid fan of Starbound for some time now, from its first early days of development to where it is at present. Gotta say that being apart of Starbound's journey and seeing the new additions to the game have been very rewarding for me. My two close friends and I have enjoyed the game from when it was in its infancy to how it has turned out to be now.The game is extremely fun to play solo but also gives the great option of being able to play with your mates. There is a feeling of teamwork and acheivement as you plan and take down one of the many crazy boss fights in the game. With the explorable universe you will know straight away that each planet is never the same, with a bunch of new creatures to fight or with a brand new element to take advantage of.Terraria fans haven't strayed too far away from home with this game as both titles share many similar features. This is most likely because half of the development team for Starbound also came over from Terraria and have brought upon the same attitudes to the sci-fi scroller. A title that sells well for the simplistic gamer who just wants to jump into the game and for the gaming professor that wishes to spend as many hours into the game trying to break it. I assure you, if you're a fan of this type of genre you won't be dissapointed by adding this to your Steam library even in its current state."
,Recommended,211820,24760064,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Walruspoo,"I keep seeing complaints about how this game fails because it's not some long drug-out RPG thriller, or that some of the tasks are repetitions of other things. In the end, it's a $15 SANDBOX, the biggest selling point of the game is not an extensive story that will take 40+ hours to clear, it's the fact that you can build what you want, where you want, in different ecosystems, on different planets, heck, you can even build on asteroids orbiting planets from high up. This game isn't Terraria, it isn't Zelda, it isn't WoW...but for $15 it can be a lot of fun, but as I said, it's a SANDBOX. Side note to all the ""repetitive objectives"" commenters: World of Warcraft has gone strong for several years and is (even after surviving WoD) still going even though all of it's quests are ""go to place,"" ""get thing,"" or ""kill stuff"" or some combination thereof. Of course it's all the same, no game is going to have truly random and original content for every last little facet...Now get out there and build a space castle!"
,Not Recommended,211820,25556950,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,KoalaStrong,"All of those hours... Log in today and everything is gone after I updated it. Same for my husband's account. I LOVE this game, but it really takes away from everything when after 80 hours of mining,  building, and fighting I am having to restart. UGHHHHHHH"
,Not Recommended,211820,28368703,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,HellFencer,"Would love to recommend, but as of 1.1.1 this game is UNPLAYABLE. How is a 2D pixel game unable to run as well as Terraria? How can a pixel-based game run with more stutter than a 3D one!?I'll change my review when Chucklefish decides to fix their game."
,Not Recommended,211820,29768755,Posted: 7 February,all,Pocgels,"the kind of game that you would have expected to come before terraria, not after it"
,Recommended,211820,24934657,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Keepitblue,The game you buy when you don't want to spend 60$ on No Mans Sky.
76561198008528729,Recommended,211820,24757473,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Cunom,I love the freedom in this game. Plus the feel of the music
,Recommended,211820,24839116,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Goodfella,A truly enjoyable game for me
,Not Recommended,211820,25432668,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,PsychoTexan,"Struggling with performance issues. Very weird FPS, reminds me of the old minecraft memory dumps where regardless of what you're doing it twinges at regular intervals. Currently while on the ship the interval gets much shorter. Love the game but be wary of graphics issues. Also the important settings (vsync) are in a .txt file that you have to modify. Really?"
76561198030567543,Recommended,211820,24580713,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,gameplayer,"I haven't played Terreria, so I can't contrast the two, but I thought Starbound was great in like version Giraffe or whatever (the last time I played it) and was very impressed with the release state of the game. I've only beaten the first few bosses, but It's been a very deep and enjoyable experience thus far."
76561197978606536,Not Recommended,211820,28285789,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,MAD,No Longer FUN.Starbound use to be a light hearted fun game of building and exploration.With the new starvation rules you spend all your time working your 10 acres of garden just to stay alive.No longer have time to explore or spruce up the house. Even examining your workbench recipies can result in death.Whats the point in growing wheat when you can't even bake breadAlso you now have to perform all thes parkour challenges to unlock tech in order to advance the game.Which is alright if you 15 but not when your 55.I gave up when I started looking into how to write keyboard macros just to progress in the game.Its just no longer FUN
76561197989021398,Not Recommended,211820,21505222,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Bring Back COAL,Not enough content. Game stayed in early access for 3+ years. Don't buy.
,Recommended,211820,24569409,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Ryong20,"Starbound is a game that allows the player to explore vast planets to acheive the greatest technologies ever made.Alright, this game is pretty good. It allows a tonne of customization, gives achievement hunters something to look for and also gives travellers a sick vibe. Each planet is generated differently but you will get the same type of temples and such. I've been playing since i believe the hippo update and I can say, this game has never failed to amaze me. They made it much more difficult to grab different ores while keeping it fun and alive. It really feels like you have to survive on your own and youre given minimal tools to do so. If you think you got the best armour (unless you really did) you will die to other planets very easily.Give it a try and see how you guys like it. Its very fun with friends and I would only recommend playing with friends that'll adventure with you.Many funny moments in this game and I'm glad ChuckleFish made such an awesome game."
,Recommended,211820,13501369,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Crawshaw,"Its pretty fun to explore but the new update has thrown me off it a little, still try it though"
76561198172216649,Recommended,211820,15192314,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Deadsh0t,This game is amazing! The music blows my mind! People who have played Terraria will love this game and enjoy it so much. I love the idea of going into outer space and using spaceships and going to cool biomes!
,Recommended,211820,13537743,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,SuccMeDryPapi,"Starbound is one of my favorite games ever. You can play as 1 of 7 different races: Hylotl, Floran, Glitch, Human, Apex, Novakid, or Avian. There's an infinite amount of planets and solar systems to explore, conquer, and colonise. There are thousands of weapons, a fairly in-depth quest system, and randomly generated villages and dungens.25/10"
,Recommended,211820,8919342,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,liljochti (check summary),"This game is like Terraria with a space theme to it. There are millions of planets to explore with your starship. You can also find different coloines o of the different races in the game such and the Human conloy and the Avain war/airship where you can buy different weapons. This game has also added quests so you don't get so bored. But this game is alpha or beta that means there are lots of glcthes and bugs in the game. One of the main bugs was when there was an update all of your chracter would be wiped which made extremely made but don't worry this got fixed in a patch a couple of days ago so don't worry :D. The last cool thing about this game that you don't have to wear pants Hell yeah. But my final thoughts about this game it is a game with that is so good. To me people find this a copy of Terraria but it is only 2D pixel landscape which gives the impression that it copyed Terraria. That was my review It was quick and not so good because I normally don't make any reviews but anywasys, hopefully you found this review helpful. MrJochti Signing out. :D"
76561198096021772,Recommended,211820,17166642,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Mage_da_magix,"When it was in Early access i bought it and spent countless hours on it. I would play and play. When i heard rumours of thw ""huge winter update"" i was so excited. When the winter update came i had so much fun with all my spare time... But one problem... every 5 frames the game would lag ALOT. My only complaints are fix the lag issues for us who can't afford anything better than a windows 7. (P.S the lag was so bad i could not beat the crystal boss which is supposed to be the easiest, everytime he would shoot that lazer, the game would drop frames and i could not escape)"
76561198248131150,Recommended,211820,18752853,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,siggyman,It's a great game has manythings in common with terraria yet still has some very large features that makes it stand out. The idea of travling though the universe is an awesome thing. I recomend this game
,Recommended,211820,14294518,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,The Great and Benvelont Glod,"A simply beautiful game, the items, generations, NPCs etc are all wonderfully made and thought through. A great game to play with your friends! Can't think of a thing to change about the game. I would recommend anyone who plays Terraria or any 2-Dimensional game to buy it."
,Recommended,211820,14297706,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Onion Jac,"This game is a very fun  2D, RPG, sandbox that has a very fun storyline. The game may be in BETA so be wary that your saves may be removed to updates at some points or random crashes that rewind your save file a little. But don't take this game for granted it's very fun with hours upon hours of exploring, mining and killing to do. You may customize your character and race to altar the game minorly and craft the most brilliant of plasma rifles you could imagine. So I enjoy this game and so should you, but be prepared for frequent updates that could brake your save because as of now it's still getting worked on!"
,Recommended,211820,14288832,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,W33B_Legend_64,"Starbound is a great game. Honestly, I would recommend this to anyone that enjoys RPGs that you create your own characters in. There are a lot of funny references, and the gameplay is amazing. Personally, this is one of my favorite games. The missions feature that was in the recent update made the game a whole lot better. I'd rate this game an 8/10."
,Recommended,211820,14289497,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,while true;,"To call this game a 2D Minecraft in Space would be to do it a disservice.Minecraft wishes it had as much to do and was as in depth as this game. Think of it as Terreria ^ 3.1000s of items with infinite mutations, infinite worlds to explore. And not just dirt, trees and ores. Cities, encampments to raids, dungeons, temples, etc. Quests, jobs, It all goes on.Your first planet starts as the basic sandbox survival game. But once you build up your base and master the world, you can actually move on to bigger and better things instead of just kicking around dirt and building stupid structures to  impress your friends (tho that is always possible if that's your bag).Minecraft wishes it made it this far, instead of selling out to Microsoft."
76561198085011131,Recommended,211820,19744491,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Callynn,Best 2d sandbox game ever.
,Recommended,211820,10457620,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cuck,If you liked terraria you shoud get this game its great :D
,Recommended,211820,8128443,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mr Dankte's Bitch,"Very... Underwelming. You'll play it once, maybe get half way through the game but you'll never have that same joy as in Terraria (Of course I'm comparing it to Terraria) due to you never having one permanent base. It gets boring quickly and can't really be played much more than once.If you're planning on getting this get Terraria instead, it's undoubtebly one of the best games on Steam."
,Recommended,211820,7977048,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Cunning Mr.Lingus,So much get tenouttaten
,Recommended,211820,7990463,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,TheKing,"If you've played terraria, and liked it, you should DEFENITELY try out this game. This game is so fun i can't even put it into words. I know i'll be playing this game 24/7 for a while now. There is so much exploring to do it's hard to stay on one planet. I would give this game a solid 10/10. This game is just brilliant in every way, and it's just a beta right now."
,Recommended,211820,10772960,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Aphrodite10,"I'm not much of a gamer, but I love this game. It's so much fun and it's a game that I can play for hours on end. I was first introduced to it by my fiance, and after playing it for quite a few hours, I was hooked and bought it for myself. And I love that you can play together with other people. I would definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,211820,9307687,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Gangsta,Guys this game is awesome than awesome! You got lots of to do.
,Recommended,211820,27823205,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,WHY AM I SO BAD AT THIS,"Starbound is, hands down, the best game I have ever played.---------------------------------------Pros:Amazing storyline; comments on real-world issues as wellRelatable charactersYou can play it in any way you like; whether you're the type of person to grind for hours or the type of person to go into a bossfight over and over again with bad equipmentExploration heaven; explore everythingSandbox; build whatever you like, including colonieswhere people can actually liveGood music; especially when the music has a bit of rockNice graphic style; pixelated but not retroResource systemDifferent gamemodesMake your own characterGood survival mechanics----------------------------------------------Cons:Very slow-paced; if you don't like slow-paced games where you have to figure it out by yourself, don't play this oneThe graphics aren't as detailed as a AAA game; but why would you care?-----------------------------------------Conclusion:All in all, it's a good game to play. It's basically what No Man's Sky was hyped to be. If you like sandbox games, exploration games, survival games, sci-fi games, games with good stories, or games with good music, you'll like this one."
76561198142273039,Recommended,211820,14958627,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Crumb$natBo!,THIS IS THE BEST GAME I EVER BOUGHT i play this all the time and there is always something new out ther.not only that but each creature has a diffrent look a cut look a ugly look and a derp look
76561198053454332,Not Recommended,211820,17465418,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,"no, you're a molotov","Awful game, waste of time and money. There is no direction in this game of what you're meant to do whatsoever. The amount of hype that went into this game back when it was first released does not live up to the expectations whatsoever. 2/10"
,Recommended,211820,10077151,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Yeet,Starbound is a game where your imigination can take you anywhere. You can explore worlds and fight creatures of many shapes and sizes. You can play with your friends and defeat bosses with them! This... is Starbound.
,Recommended,211820,16296479,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Halfdan The Mild,"(dont get me wrong sb is an uber fun game. one of my favorites in fact and for that reason you should buy it right now but beware the wipes!)My experiance of sb - brought game, learned how to play, ground till tier 10 armour (which takes a few days of hardcore grinding), drill and best weapons that i could make, my character was wiped, decided to do the same thing again, character wipe (with promises of no future character wipes), admired cool new update, ground till tier 10 armour yet again, character wipe. Came back on when it came out of early access, admired new update, couldn't figure out how to get fuel, after many hours of searching for it...gave up. 10/10 will probably play again sometime only to be dissapointed by character wipes."
,Recommended,211820,17711747,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,System1024,"Fun, Fun, Fun, FUN!Better than rusty old terraria, better updates too!Colonies??!?! COLONIES!?!??!! Next step is WAN hosting for servers, just click open to multiplayer and other players can join, like Space Engineers but with better content and PLANETS for fks sake!"
,Recommended,211820,14420406,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,CherryRed5,"Love it. Terraria x 10000000 . Feels better, more items, more weapens, more everything. Missions, NPCs, exploration, pingiuns in tanks."
,Recommended,211820,15617920,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Nergin715,"Where do I begin... this is my most loved sandbox builder!  Countless hours spent on this one, even when it was in early beta.  Will be playing Starbound for years to come.  Artwork is not mindblowing, but well done and charming in it's own right.  Combat is engaging, and not so easy that you can just blow through planets.  Crafting is complex, and keeps growing!  The sheer amount of content available to players is staggering!  Highly recommend!"
,Not Recommended,211820,16483768,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kysgrinn / No GB/s for games,"When you are looking on the images of the game, you imagine a LOT OF DOOM to work with, a lot of things to craft and a lot of loot to get !It's like a terraria, with 70% less things.The start is waaaaay to slow, and the encounters are... useless ? (I met a flying pirate boat♥♥♥♥♥♥! I had only some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 8 damage guns from it, no special loot or anything).Well it's a good game if you are looking for a house-builder game, not if you are looking for the terraria's successor.4/10"
,Not Recommended,211820,16821949,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Hearth Vader,"Only reason I cannot recommend this game to anyone is because the ♥♥♥♥ing Devs won't ever finish it, if it every does get finished then ill come back and change my review but as of now it just can't be recommended."
,Recommended,211820,14306931,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,TheTechnicLord,"Wonderful game! I love the variety, my only qualm is the wood. We need different woods and more non-wood bearing planets. The fact that this is my only complaint highlights how much I recommend this game. Get it. Now."
,Not Recommended,211820,14568640,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Elganif,"WAS good, but movement is now broken since winter update with slower backward walk.might not be so bad if it wasnt so severe and you only walked backwards if you were actively doing something (shooting, mining ect), but its any time your facing that way with mouse cursor behind you but as it is, ill be modding it out before I play anymore. (and i cant review based on the mods needed to fix, not fair to no-mod players)"
,Recommended,211820,15218231,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Spooky Meowt,"not sure how to describe this one, but it is without a doubt funGive it a whirl! you might like it :)"
76561198028612461,Not Recommended,211820,16360935,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Hiei,I spent more time organizing my inventory then playing. All you do is grind and mine for items to make more items to make more items to make more items.  There are some bosses that give you items to upgrade your ship for more items.  It was honestly a waste of money.  This is an example of why you shouldn't get an early access game until you see some actual developement.
,Recommended,211820,16468429,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Loli,Epic game. A good addition would be guns with inbuilt flashlights :D
,Recommended,211820,15209619,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,𝓑𝓛𝓐𝓚𝓔𝟙𝟚𝟘𝟜,best game ever. it has over 1000000 star systems and thats not all !you can build on each one too!there are enemies to get in your way too
,Recommended,211820,15315734,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,duki.sh,This game is Donger/10
,Not Recommended,211820,16359904,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,cranberry1977,"Bad game! weird mechanics, and for so long it's still EARLY ACCESS?? wtf?I'm trying to get my money refunded.Waiting for Terraria 2 is better!!"
76561198086517931,Not Recommended,211820,16528611,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,zega x,The lag is unbearable in certain spots....for a game thats been under development for 2 years and low graphics they should have the game and there software optimized alot better...the games fun and has alot of potential but the lag is unbearable and unnacceptable for the price. i got to say dont buy it til they fix it and have the game running rite.
,Recommended,211820,16387519,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,>very bad,"Oh do I reccomend this game.It is ♥♥♥♥ING AMAZINGPros:Great MusicAwsome graphicsGreat Story (Even for early acess)Tons of weapons and monstersComes bundled with the unstable version for testing and it update EVERY FRICKIN NIGHTGreat Multiplayer supportA ton of great races including plant peopleTONS OF REFRENCES to Futurama, Spaceballs (I think), Star Wars, Star Trek and many other things.Cons:Hard to Progress at some stages but I got used to it.10 out of Frickin' 10"
,Recommended,211820,16343706,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,King Viridian XV,"I really enjoyed Starbound. Tons of cool features, interesting missions, and an active community. I would suggest this game to anyone who likes adventure sandbox games."
,Recommended,211820,9273868,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Jazzy,"I Love this game so much, the whole concept of it, every race has their own story. There are so many cool things to explore craft and fight, the Bosses are so well thought out! it's great!"
76561198079817055,Recommended,211820,19656663,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,HEAD HUNTER,nice game
,Recommended,211820,19705425,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,The Fabulous Seagoat,"In space, no one can hear you mine. 7/10"
76561198047270747,Recommended,211820,24533212,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,regor2526,"this game sucks...you in that is.  i had never played terraria, or any  other sandbox before starbound, but chucklefish have mastered the concept.  after 40+ hours i'm pretty sure there is no real story or end to this game, but still comletely amazing and fun.  the real satisfaction seems to come with discovery of something entirely new.  wether it is a new item to play with, a new world to explore, or a new enemy to slaughter, it is totally addicting.  in fact, i burned up my old imac playing this game too long.  great game!  true game changer!"
,Not Recommended,211820,16786633,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,FAGALON,THANKS YOU ♥♥♥♥ING ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FOR TAKING MY 15 SHEKELS AWAY AND GIVING NOTHING IN RETURN ALL I GOT WAS A GOD DAMN TERRARIA RIP OFF WITH LESS CONTENT YOU ♥♥♥♥ING CUCKSTER.
,Recommended,211820,28477828,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Trimbo The Bimbo,good game👌🏼👌🏼👍🏼👍🏼
,Recommended,211820,8132691,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,GhostlyPixel,"This is a great game and I cannot wait to see what the guys at Chucklefish have planned as they update the game. The game takes on a very Terraria-esque feel, but at the same time it does not feel like a direct clone. The music is FANTASTIC and really keeps the game together.My only problem is more of a technical one where I cannot see the bottom-most item notification in the bottom middle of the screen. Changing the resolution only seems to change the width, but I might just have to keep playing around with it.All in all, great game, buy it and enjoy what Chucklefish has to offer!"
,Recommended,211820,7932494,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Monsieur Le Chat,Liked Terraria? Then I dont see why you wouldnt like this one. Its better cuz space and things.
76561198091501481,Recommended,211820,14404330,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,K_or_Not,I-Can't-Stop-Playing and it's not even the final build of the game.Great work.
,Recommended,211820,15531113,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,GRtist,"Even for Early Access, this game is incredibly robust, with huge, regular updates adding new content. Even the multiplayer works pretty well, and the community is awesome. As a fan of Terrarria, I'm loving the familiar gameplay, as well as the larger exploration and story aspect of the game. Overall, I'd give this game an 8/10, as some things I would really enjoy seeing are controller support and maybe a colonization aspect for different planets."
76561198102934193,Not Recommended,211820,25551592,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,sam_adams2,"It's a very fun game, however, the updates apparently delete your saves. I had put ~20 hours into this and lost everything. And this happened after it was announced as a stable launch (I never played it as early-access). Will not play again."
76561198197905457,Recommended,211820,28479224,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,ender_king8,I love this game it is so fun. There are so many weapens abilitys and even crew members like fighters and medics to recruit on your ship in your quest to fined the 6 objects and put them together to destroy the enemy for good. This game requiers a lot of planning and gaming skills but overall this game is very fun that's why i reccomend this game
,Recommended,211820,8967929,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Mr. Bubbles Tea,"This is an absolutely beautiful game. There are so many worlds to visit, each with their own unique enemies (both during the day and the night) that are both hostile and neutral. The soundtrack makes exploration feel that little bit more enjoyable and makes combat a lot more exciting. Building houses is really fun since you can make the walls wide or thin and even put in stairs and supports to make it feel even more authentic. I do feel the crafting system needs a bit of tweaking. It can be very difficult to get going in this game if you don't know what you are doing, but that is also part of the experience. Terraria and Minecraft fans will love this game.Oh, and for anyone having a little trouble making their house look like that one you found off to the left/right of the planet, hold right click. It places blocks in the background instead of the foreground. If it doesn't work immediately make sure you are next to or behind a wall when you lay down your first panel."
76561198096830680,Recommended,211820,25297306,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Nethack Tourist,What no mans sky should have been
,Recommended,211820,17756939,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mryayayify,Very fun and addictive terraria-like18/10
,Recommended,211820,14681486,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Sloths,My ship looks like a train 10/10~ign
,Recommended,211820,21861921,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,DarlingDeceiver,A lot of fun. Chucklefish publishes amazing content.
,Not Recommended,211820,22256309,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,The Radio Star,I remember when you just needed a little bit of coal to have fun. Too bad that's gone.
,Recommended,211820,8597338,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,The War Pug,Its A Great GameI highly Recomend It If U Liked TerrariaStarbound Has Millions Of Planets To Explore And Best Of All Randomly Generated Structures Such AsPrisons Castles Science Labs And Dungeons4 Bosses And Great For A Early Access Game
76561198105539328,Recommended,211820,16801482,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,bandeeto,"They should fix the multiplayer, but other than that its really fun."
,Recommended,211820,16787636,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,mistress maxo,~
76561198006276228,Not Recommended,211820,14292235,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Uall2kGARBAGE,"Well, ive played couple of hours after that ""huge winter update"" and what can i say? whats the point in all this stuff if this game still lagging even in a single player mode? when u come into outpost it lagging. when u have 2 monsters and some containers on a screen - its lagging. with this♥♥♥♥♥♥graphic its lagging? thats really annoying. i really dont want to dig deeper into this update because of this bad optimisation. i just can imagine what it will be if i start to fight with boss who spawns something and strike with multiple projectiles which destroying tiles.... oh man... it will be really bad slow mo. i better go to play skyrim or terraria WITHOUT this stupid slowmo. and i suggest that u mine fellow reader to do this too."
76561198011736066,Recommended,211820,8418234,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,(C)O2.7,Buy it!
,Recommended,211820,9435399,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,ishaboi,ducky c:
,Recommended,211820,8564643,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Strobe,"Dis game b bawlin. But in all seriousness, this game is great. There is over 422.2 Quadrillion planets to explore, NPC villages, Glitch (Medieval Robot) Castles, and a lot of cool stuff. It's like terraria, but in space, and a lot better."
,Recommended,211820,17750230,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ninjakittyz,"It's very good, it's like terraria in space! XD"
76561198080131647,Recommended,211820,8382849,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bridget Welch,fdasfdasf as Its fun
76561198189937029,Recommended,211820,23644237,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Pickle Rick,It's like a badass terraria.
,Recommended,211820,7932630,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,TheZombieNinja,AWESOME GAME
76561198131807614,Not Recommended,211820,21917727,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,KYS,This game is fun BUT it has a glitch where you cant start it up and to fix it you have to rename a file but when you do you have to shut down your computer but that deletes your characters and anything saved so my progress was deleted.
76561198026357696,Not Recommended,211820,25085718,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Coolz,"As many hours as I've put into this game, it still feels like an alpha. Single player lag, crashes, and just poor optimization. The ending and final boss could have been better as well."
76561198038554698,Recommended,211820,24464794,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,^1Term^0Edd,"Fun great game, I love it!!"
,Recommended,211820,11555893,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Aɪ,"NIGHTLY BUILDS:Although you have to reset your players and universe, the Nightly builds pretty much have everything the developers said they would have. No sectors, no bosses, you spawn with a beat-to-crap ship and can upgrade it. The only thing it needs is some way to customize your ship. Maybe at the last tier you can place ship pieces for a cost? But you need to be able to set more than 1 home planet.Normal starbound:( I don't recommend playing the normal builds)I absoulutely love the idea of starbound. You rome the galaxy, fight, trade, and build. The issue is that it's not finished, and it's been not finished for too long. Currently the game practicly forces you to live in your ship, the only way to get pixels is fighting, you can't tell when you need new armour, and mining is a huge pain. The developers need to add what they say they're going to add. They've said you'd be able to customize your ship--which would solve a lot of problems, and that you'd stay on one planet - solve even more problems. Ontop of this I think we need to be able to ""favorite"" planets for pixels and be able to go there at any time for less fuel or something. Another thing that would be great is the ability to land ships and change the ship your using--so you could do something like create a hanger on an astroid field and dock your ships there.Good potiential, but WAIT to buy it."
76561198145199329,Recommended,211820,24641252,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,LightKnight281,"I think this is a great game and I played it for about 2 years in early access before it launched in 1.0. Most of my expectations were met and the only thing I was sad about in the 1.0 launch was the removal of unique weapon desighns for each race, I defeinately thin that was a step backwards.Most of the negative reviews for this game are from early access players who did not get what they wanted, so if you have never played this game before you should definately buy it. If the reviews were not full of picky early access players the reviewas for this game would be closer to 92%-94% (IMO)."
,Recommended,211820,8027305,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Dead,dis gayum dah sheit
,Recommended,211820,24640859,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Jzker,"This is really good game, i really like it"
,Not Recommended,211820,21058255,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,daddy meme,"My friend, (who has 10+ hours), reccomended this game to me. I downloaded it, and was immediately dissapointed. It was very unclear, the aspects of the game were very unclear and nonmemorable. Unlike other games, like Terraria and Minecraft, it wasn't exciting to start out, and it wasn't very fun."
,Recommended,211820,8779012,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Doūmak,"Just think, Terraria+Skyrim in space. Buy this game, It's loads of fun."
76561198002467362,Recommended,211820,24491384,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Neko The Nin,"loved the game at first, played 33 hours, then decided to stop day before update went live for 1.0, now game refuses to launch, and im not reinstalling my c++ again, when all my other games still work, this is ridiculous =.=if it ever works again ill give it a 9/10 just because i can kill so much time non stop playing and grinding to get better."
,Recommended,211820,24641300,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Liam031397,I absolutely love this game and it has alot to do in it but i keep getting a crash when i close menus. So im unable to get the portal to open without crashing.
76561198043671732,Not Recommended,211820,21626638,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,The Great He Goat,the games♥♥♥♥♥♥ the devs r♥♥♥♥♥♥ the fans r♥♥♥♥♥♥ please holy jesus dont buy this game
76561198197445815,Recommended,211820,23859521,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Earth,This game is amazing!!! 12/10. Way better than terraria.
76561198104375767,Recommended,211820,23875893,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SebThunder,"The game is great; nice sandbox, awesome exploration system, lots of items and weapons, and nice character customization. However, i've noticed that, for a pixel-based game, it sometimes goes INCREDIBLY LAGGY, especially when other NPCs are around. The only place where the game ins't laggy, is in orbit, or in the starter planet. Anywhere else, the game lags terribly. I'm pretty sure it ins't my computer (It can handle games like Counter Strike, or Payday), so i'm pretty sure it IS the game itself. If this problem were to be fixed, the game would be enjoyable. I would still recommend it, if it wasn't for the lag."
,Recommended,211820,9803692,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,ANTIHERØ,extremely fun game because the animals make me laugh and happy and yeah 11/5
,Not Recommended,211820,17480589,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,PhiRune.com,"For the meanwhile...I do not recommend this game.When this game first came out I saw so much potential. I loved having to make the Beacon to summon the first boss. I loved fighting the boss in the underground fortress I built. But now, we get this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ premade boss ""rooms"". ♥♥♥♥ing lame, whats the point of building and making a base when it isn't going to be attacked or damaged. Yes you can store the crap you pickup, but thats it. The bosses suck♥♥♥♥♥♥ No point in exploring further after the last boss. It feels pointless. Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Make this game good again Chuckleshit."
76561198111944606,Recommended,211820,15528135,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,brmont8,I really enjoy this game and really like the space travel aspect of it! Very good game!
76561197988609141,Recommended,211820,7919757,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Mixture,A dream come true just an awesome game go get it!
76561198054593688,Recommended,211820,7931403,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Sweaty Taint,"Love this game! Best Game on the Steam Store! This Tops Terraria, and Minecraft!"
76561198258046105,Recommended,211820,19295025,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Mr Robot,"OKay first take a popular open world crafting game like Terraria, next add a idea that lot of people love, Space. Then parts of Star Trek traveling also Avatar like animals, and bam you have got an absolutely amazing game! Starbound is a beautiful galaxy traveling game with diverse story and loads of quests, characters, weapons, eniemes, and hundreds of craftable items! The beautiful lush scenery of the surface planets hides the dark creatures and bunkers that lie beneath the ground. Travel meters beneath the surface of many planets, collect ores, valuables, and occasionally come across mysterious science labs with nobody inside them, well most of the time that is.. Mine, craft, build, space travel, and explore in this outstandingly beautiful pixel graphic casual multiplayer and singleplayer game! Starbound is a must for all casual adventuring gamers everywhere!"
76561198180859813,Recommended,211820,14730317,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tucureborn,"Mar 2, 2015Alright, I just have to say before you read this that I have MANY more hours than this says. I was logged out during almost all of my gameplay, so it didn't record it.Starting out, there is a very slow progression and a rather high difficulty if you don't know what you're doing. Half of the beggining is based on the luck of having a decent starting planet, and I had one with barely any metals but tons of coal. This drastically slowed down how fast I could proceed, since I couldn't upgrade my tools or weapons until after I left it. Aside from that, it was very enjoyable. I spent two or three play sessions digging for core fragments before hitting a massive vein of them that got me off the planet in a jiffy, and suddenly I saw how truly magnificent the game was. Once you get off the first planet, everything becomes easier and more progressive. You can then go anywhere in the solar system and just have tons of fun. After you do some stuff(No spoilers) you finally get to leave and explore the entire universe. The game's tech progression makes allot of sense, and once you get off your planet progresses quite rapidly. I find it easier to collect weapons than to make them though, and often(almost always) these are far superior to what I can make at the time. If you like Minecraft, Terarria, or sandbox games in general, I recommend this game.Pros:-So much variety in what you can do-Tons of hidden collectibles-Infinite planets-Multiplayer is awesome-Lots of crafting that progresses well.-SO MANY TYPES OF WEAPONS!Cons:-Very slow start-Sometimes quest objectives are vague or hard to understand. Reading the wiki helps though.-Basic ores are sometimes more rare than ""uncommon"" or ""rare"" ores. I find more titanium than iron, and tons of the red, green, and purple ores.-Hotkey functionality isn't explained well and could use some tweaking.Why should you get it?This game is a fun single player exploration game and is even more fun in multiplayer. It also is almost a full game right now and I would still buy it if it was finished as is. It also offers mod support if that's your thing.Jan 7, 2016.A lot of reviewers are beginning to change their views on the game, but I'm sticking with mine. The common reason is that CF hasn't finished the game and there's been things not yet added they promised.For me, both of these are null. From a design standpoint, yes, they have made a few bad choices, but the game is still worth it.Why? Everything I said before is still true.It's still in beta because they haven't ""finished"" it. It's a very playable and enjoyable game, and I have many unlogged hours to this day. A lot of people seem to get caught up in ""they haven't finished it"", but that's not really a reason to dislike the game. As for the not adding promised features, remember, it's still in beta. This isn't the full game, and expecting it to be that is just, well, stupid. When I bought this game, I paid 15$. It was and still is worth it. I got what I paid.Even at where it is now, unfinished, it is a fun and enjoyable game."
,Recommended,211820,10100910,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Cyro,ok its aswome but can you put some zombies comes in night
,Recommended,211820,7983268,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,yung church,yes yes yes just get it now pls
,Recommended,211820,8127794,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,𝘌𝘬𝘴𝘊𝘦𝘭𝘭𝘦,"It's like Terraria, but it's in space, actually works, has pleasing graphics, and is made by developers who actually care.10/10 would play until it gets ruined by constant updatesEDIT: NEVERMIND THE UPDATES ARE AWESOMEPRAISE CHUCKLEFISH10/10 WOULD NOVAKID AGAIN"
76561198074601700,Recommended,211820,8940358,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Zrolix,This game is soo great I would play it the whole day if I could
76561198017659625,Not Recommended,211820,18689491,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Poopneck,I BUY VERY LONG AGO AND NEVER DONE EARLY ACCESS DUMB I AM UNHAPPY
,Not Recommended,211820,18695869,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,SiIvagunner,every night i remember that i bought this game and i wake up screaming
,Recommended,211820,17711884,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,LazaCroKing,"They started to get updates again!Really fun game in which you can do whatever you want.Build your own spaceship as you want or you can go exploring tons of different planets in gigantic universe full of suprises.Go hunting,visit a village,play multiplayer,upgrade your weapons, advence through ""hard"" missions.... the choices are unlimited."
,Not Recommended,211820,17189385,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,BDOUBLEOTY,Hate this game not worth my money. Would rather a cheap ♥♥♥♥♥ 4 my cash instead of this♥♥♥♥♥♥game. thx 4 ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game experience m8
,Recommended,211820,17249963,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,➹ CreaMy,It's Terraria's little brother
,Recommended,211820,19846266,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,ǝsdᴉlɔ∀,This game is awesome get it
76561198081517496,Not Recommended,211820,29708541,Posted: 4 February,all,Bomb Ninja,way to ♥♥♥♥ it up
,Recommended,211820,16459297,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Capcakez - Temporarily Unusuable,"Once upon a time, there was a terraria dev.Then he left and stole the main purpose of terraria and put it in a space game and added a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of items.Then he became friends with redigit.The end."
76561198077288835,Recommended,211820,24565482,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DonoftheShade,"How do I explain.... UhhIt was good when I played it, but I haven't touched it for at least a year."
76561198124308008,Recommended,211820,16987752,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Shirofluff,really fun to play
,Not Recommended,211820,17001230,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ayocraftler62,i dont realy recomend because you cant really launch starbound once you press play it does not have the menu where you can play this game and create your charracter ;( money wasted
76561197999964221,Not Recommended,211820,16334976,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,肛门冲击波,It's been early access so long that I graduated a Masters Degree in the meantime. I mean it's a pixel game with 10% extra content over 2 years.
76561198117869718,Recommended,211820,8568220,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,mou,I LOVE STARBOUND
76561198205834004,Recommended,211820,20047728,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Lakerg,"Starbound and the differences between it and terraria:1. Not too much mining: On your first planet, sure you have to delve into the planet to find some core crystals, but after that almost all of the game is flying to planets exploring natural generated structures and kicking♥♥♥♥♥ Way different than spending forever mining and way less of a grind then terraria.2. Quests: If you want actual quests that lead up to missions this game is for you. Of course the outpost quest are fetch quests, but the main quest are actually full replayable challenging missions. Just try comparing that to Angler npc quests. This doesn't even include colony quests.3. Extra Features: Even if this game lacks things terraria includes, it makes up for all of the cool extra features (colonies, races, villages, infinite worlds, space theme, and much more) so if you have the money to spend, and you enjoy games like this, I would definitely recommend this to you.(Sorry for the essay)"
76561198137556880,Recommended,211820,24589661,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Erhmer,"This game will consume you in its amazing worlds, music and cool hats."
76561198113075896,Recommended,211820,24589201,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,vik.2012.m,"I followed this game long time ago and it become one of my favorite. Thanks gods, its finally went out of EA(I feared it will not happen).Pros:1. Atmosferic2. Sci-fi(because medieval fantasy in every game starts annoying)2. Graphics is cute(imho, better than in Terraria) and maybe best in this games category.3. Mods: devs made a great work to allow change many of aspects of the game4. ""Do whatewer You want"" principle implementedCons:1. Graphics(most of YOBA fans will not like) (trollface)2. Some performance issues, especially, when you will install many modsPS: sorry for my poor english"
,Recommended,211820,24469663,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,[R|p] Dean Martin,"""This game sucks! The HUGE team of seven developers took FOREVER to make the game! ♥♥♥♥ you devs for not abandoning the game and giving us free content updates for only $15!"" - Most negetive reviews.Yes the devs had seamingly slipped off the radar during development at one point, but no developer can be perfect. I mean, for ♥♥♥♥s sake it's a small team of seven developers working on a game to PLEASE YOU. At least act a little grateful you entitled♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Seems like most negetive reviewers are rating the game based on the time it took to develop it, not on the actual gameplay or content of the game. I can see why you're frustrated, but that's no way to rate a game or else every other indie game and MMO would have the ♥♥♥♥♥ies reviews imaginable.At $15 the game is great. Hell the game was great for $15 BEFORE it hit official release. This game is really worth every single penny if you pick it up on sale. The main story will take you about 20 hours to complete, but there are plenty of side quests and goals you can set for yourself (much like many other sandboxes). As of today I also haven't experienced any bugs, crashes, or glitches in the game.I haven't looked much into the devoper road map as of yet so I haven't the slightest clue if they're going to continue releasing free content after 1.0."
,Recommended,211820,14570127,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The Fastest Meme Alive,"At First, you may think that this game is just a Terraria in space...well, it is. In Starbound, there is infinite space exploration and has a suprising amount of content for early beta, Some (me) would say it has more content than Terraria in it's current state (1.3). If you are wondering how long will it take to finish the in-game content as of Upbeat-Giraffe then you can just read on for 1 more sentence. I have around 55 hours as of now and I am not close to completing the content, Some of the missions could be weird and easy, but some of the main challenge missions/boss fights are really fun to do and require good gear. Also installing Mods is possibly the easiest thing to do in a game, ever. This is getting really long so get the game and enjoy it.Starbound > Terraria and Minecraft"
,Not Recommended,211820,21825939,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Totally Bryan,Everything that made this game awesome has been removed.
76561198082927600,Recommended,211820,8266285,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,We Wuz Kangs,Amazing for a beta but dont get attached to chacters right now also its terraria with space travel. 10/10
,Not Recommended,211820,19298111,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,the monkey king,gets boring after a while
76561198025747992,Not Recommended,211820,15781771,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,JuiceBox88,"i am thankful for this game. It was the last straw to not waste money on these early access games in the future, for that thank you. For the rest, It was hailed as Terraria in space, it just misses. I had high hopes, and followed for some time, it just it seems like good ideas, that the devs just coudint do correctly."
76561198149412692,Recommended,211820,24465859,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Austie2004,"One of the greatest, no, the GREATEST game i have EVER played, and now with 1.0 out, it is better than ever!!! this game is amazing and i reccomend that EVERYONE buys it!! 10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000/10"
76561198152674256,Recommended,211820,19721390,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,TheLostMage,"This game has a great futuristic/sci-fi setting that it follows through and has a very interesting world you can explore for a very long time, it also has very interesting races you can play as and NCP's that you can meet in the game. The gameplay Is very fun for me and I would recommend this game to any one who likes exploration or Sci-Fi."
76561198152333678,Recommended,211820,18277687,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Stream_Muse,I loved this game from the moment The Yogscast livestreamed it I loved how Zoey was so funny in it and the ship going FTL it's like minecraft in space with aliens also I'd like to thank the creators and whole of The Yogcast you guys light up my life every day also I'm a Floran :)
76561198014746664,Recommended,211820,16393799,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Legion 2-3 Golf,"Its a great game. Plenty to do, easy to pick up endless planets to explore. Now they got quests at the outpost you can do with bosses and everything. I think its a great game and will play it more and more. I give it a 10/10 for 2d sandbox adventure."
,Recommended,211820,22267921,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Lewis,"A very good game, multiplayer is fun.However, the developers should work on making multiplayer easier to actually sort out/connect to/intiate"
,Recommended,211820,23318054,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Night,If anyone says this game is bad... trust me ITS NOT BAD!!!. this is the one of the best games i have played in so long. Travel a vast galaxy in your own ship that can be upgraded and built in.. so many wepons to choose from too.sure theres only 4 bosses and its been in early access for a while but what if they are working on a huge update thats gonna be a suprise! i hope.the game is great and worth the price. the things i mentioned at the top.. thats not even all of it. i would buy this game for how fun it is and the adventures you go on with your character!
,Recommended,211820,23284275,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Neon,"It's like terraria, except its more spacey. I highly recommend this game over No Man's Sky. I will say the intro to this game has been refined, but it will still confuse a lot of players. The beginning is very frustrating and tedious slowly grinding your way up to get a decent idea of the game, and its mechanics. But once you get past that this game is very fun. The game even contains its own hardcore mode, with hunger and stuff. It's pretty cool. The game contains procedurally generated planets, and its extremely easy to connect to a friend. With the addition of workshop, basically all of my complaints were cleaned up quick and easy. But here is a problem I have with the game, with the addition of workshop this early in the games developement. It kind of removes the need for the developers to address any issues, with the current model of the game, as mods can literally fix everything. I understand the current version is very stable, balanced, and performance issues have been fixed. I just hope the developers continue to add things to the game even though, they really don't have to. Also it has loot like terraria, which obviously adds a ton of playtime on its own. Also every new update (at least for me), causes my mods to not load. This is easily fixable, all you have to do just keep relaunching the game until it works. It's that simple."
76561198018670769,Not Recommended,211820,24538639,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Sir Arol,"I'm so disappointed in the ""full release"" of this game. I'm not complaining about minor things, MAJOR features that made this game fun for me are just gone. They completely dropped the idea of the temperature system, sectors are gone, mechs are gone, half the stuff that made starbound amazing and unique was just removed to avoid bugs so it could release on time. Yet they still have the rewards they won proudly displayed, for a game that removed everything that got it those rewards. All in all is it a bad game, no not really, but it's not anywhere near what it was and it's not really worth your $15."
,Recommended,211820,24080221,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Karmorak,Super
,Recommended,211820,24465686,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,luodog,finally after all these years it happend.
,Recommended,211820,24465876,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Empire Wolf Of Sirens & Psychos,"Honest to god, one of thee best games ever made. I played this game for a long time before these missions came out, when you had to make things to summon the bosses. Now that the game updates its hard for my computer to run it cause mine is crap and going to maybe get a better one in the future. But this came has sooo much to explore. Even more things to find and make, the game is just so alive and wish I could have a better computer for this. This is a very great game if you like survival games. The thing is there is so much and its so fast paced I just sometimes get lost in all the work I have to do and the pet they give you runs out of food so fast. Pets really don't do anything but walk around on your ship."
,Recommended,211820,21993629,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Meh,"Best sandbox game I have ever played. There's endless possibilities and the loot system is amazing. However, the developers need to get crackin' because its been in beta for almost 2 years with content you could finish in less than 2 days of playing. Hope they add more content soon for the stable build."
,Recommended,211820,21976842,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,deadbeat.png,"I have been playing this game since the day it came out and it has come a long way.The good thing is that they are still developing it and trying to fix anything broken that people find.But at the moment I have seen a lot of complaints from people which in my opinion are very rarely justified because in my honest opinion this game is fun.Sure it may have it's ""Problems"" but I have been playing this game a very long time and I will continue playing it."
,Recommended,211820,26017970,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dude,Sick death music dawg.
,Recommended,211820,21987049,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,PapaGarte the Daddy,Its gud mate.....
76561198159344063,Not Recommended,211820,20019769,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,DNDwiggins,It wont ever get out of beta i love this game but i have had this for so long im starting to get bored of it
,Recommended,211820,17725071,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Dublicious,"I love this game. Part Metroidvania platformer, part crafting/survival game, part space exploration.If you've played terraria this game is of a very similar style, but that's about where it ends. It uses procedural genearation for weapons instead of having a standard set (aside from what you craft). The crafting system IMO is WAY better. Instead of having to guess what you need for things or having to google what can be crafted and how it's right in the menus for the crafting tables.It plays as if it's pretty much feature complete. You can tell it's still got some polish needed, but it's in early access and it's fun already. I look forward to the missions they plan on adding. Challenge rooms add some fun to spice up those lengthy dungeon dives, but if you try one and fail you have to start back in your ship!I'm sure there's lots I'm leaving out, but you should get the game!"
76561198061487030,Not Recommended,211820,18557847,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Bones!,"This game is nowhere near it's price range right now. And of course, I realize that it's still in development. Basically the is still very uninteresting with very few features and items. The quests are bland and unless you are just starting off for the very first time, they just get in the way of you actually making progress (although not to much). Ifthe character creation is what caught your eye in this game (similar to me) well you're in for a big ol' slap in the face... You can change you race and clothes and depending on such you will have diferent armors and company to choose from but that's it... the only way to distinguish a race is purely by the visuals and NOTHING ELSE?! Why? For example the ""fish species"" can drown underwater, and the bird species get's fall damage when it could easly just flap his wings a bit and be fine... To sum it up the races are pointless even tho, along with the unique world traveling system, they are pointless. Speaking of traveling system, its kinda cool. My main problem is that it takes 50 ♥♥♥♥ing years to actually be able to go far off into space and getting weapons that dont just leave a booboo on enimies is really hard, especially since when you take out a weapon the timer for next attack is reset so its not ready to shoot or swing, which makes no sense (you can just add a cooldown/reaload system like in nuclear throne). The combat in general is very clunky and envolves either playing chiken with an enemy (although enemies dont auto attack, they actally have animations that you can use to doge attacks, whih is nice and should be a given in games like terraria) or going against an entire horde of gun wielding birds with an enormus geographic advantage (they hide in a castle). When it comes to quests, i like the attampt at giving motivation but in some cases what you need to do to get things you want is impossible to know unless you've searched it on google or something, not to mention that the game mention crytical resources that you need to get and just asumes you know what they look like or where to find them (YOU HAVE AN A.I. ON YOUR SHIP AND YOU CANT ANYLIZE ITEMS FOR INFORMATION LIKE THAT. WHHHAAATTT???). It's seem the developers dont know wtf they're doing anymore and are focusing on dumb crap instead of the basics, like giving each species a unique perc, enhancing the ships features, balancing the annoying combat, givingeach species a home planet with houses you can buy and invasion events, maybe some more tech to start of with (or am i supposed to belive that and advanced being ran off with nothing but a matter manipulator and normal clothes?), how about some bosses?, or maybe making the spaceship thing relevant? i might aswell be in a level select... how about maybe driving the thing in some segments like mineral colecting in an asteroid field or soemthing?*Sigh*... the game still needs infinite ammounts of work and i dont see any of it going toward what the game needs most. So for almost 15€ godamn euro i dont recommend this at all."
76561198046319156,Recommended,211820,20675365,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Synthetic,Day 1: Whoa! Space Monkey!Day 2: Space Monkeys Kill You. :(Day 3: I Want A Pet Space Monkey.120 Hours Later...Day ???: Finally I'm The Proud Owner Of A Space Monkey.
76561198025074940,Recommended,211820,8720281,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,cricket62,This is beautiful. Go get it whoevers on my friends list <3
,Recommended,211820,24462915,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Truckin It,Starbound is a 2D Minecraft aka Terraria with a nice vast Space setting and stylings. The game starts you at the small end of a cone and the more you play this game the more that cone widens out. There is a nice quest line and progression system that has been way refined since I first got this game. Great game and guarantee'd fun.
,Recommended,211820,24480702,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The Blind Sniper,"I've just started playing this again, but I did buy it back in 2013. I can safely say that the early access game was very different from this fully realesed version. It has a whole new intro, and the planets are a lot easier in the beginning. The hotbar takes a bit of time to get used to but other then that it's pretty much space Terraria, and I love it!"
76561197970491910,Recommended,211820,24532572,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Proteus505,"I'm hooked! What a great multiplayer game. Been exploring, crafting, building a base and fighting. So much to do and see. Haven't even left the first planet and I can tell I'll be playing this for a while."
76561198141602859,Recommended,211820,24560938,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,pepsipioneer3287,This is betty in starbound I am looking for Ash.
76561198092524375,Recommended,211820,24645204,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,clipper54321,I like this game a lot but I have been having trouble with teleporting lately. Whenever I teleport to a planet it teleports me back to my ship and it does this for a while.I still love the game but I would love it even more if they fixed this glitch.Dont let this little glitch ruin your starbound experience. :)
76561198047977717,Recommended,211820,24650186,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Cho,Fun game especially if you like building and exploring games.
,Recommended,211820,24749407,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,KingALLO.exe,What should I say?Well ...after a few time ... Im Starbound .Its Really enjoyable ! Mostly with friendsit is really fun to play and you have changes while playing so i mean its not everytime the same´cause you are on other Planets always !Uhh what shall i say just buy it :D and enjoy this brah !
,Recommended,211820,24752819,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,drayton.media,"I am enjoying this game immensely! The visual style is wonderfully appealing, the environments are great, and I'm loving all the quests so far. I'm building a tiny farming galactic empire while defending the universe from eldritch horrors. I love it. I've had very few issues."
76561198086038081,Recommended,211820,24765797,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Puddintaters,It's a pretty good sandbox adventure game.
76561198123440841,Recommended,211820,24767108,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Johnny Bravo eating popcorn,"10/10 would drown, burn, explode and freeze again"
,Recommended,211820,24767507,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Alex Myth,"Ahh Starbound, what a love/hate relationship I've had with you. From the day I bought you 2 years ago, I knew you were going to be troubling. At first I didn't like you, I thought you were trying too much to be like a certain other game I played.But, then I grew to like you. I realized that there was more to you than I had thought at first, and I had started to grow fond with you. Whether it be because of the survival aespect, the hours I spent killing not pokemon, or the slower but almost more rewarding burn compared to other games I don't know. I thought you were a fun game at times, then at others I hated you.As for right now, I don't know how I feel about you but I will recommend you to others just because of the good times. Although you still haven't ""clicked"" for me yet. (No it's not Terraria in space but it's still fun)"
76561198071172199,Recommended,211820,24469334,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,gURGLESKLETCH,Recommended.
,Recommended,211820,24646820,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dime11,"A very lovely game, indeed! If you liked terraria I'm certain you'd like this gem too."
,Recommended,211820,24748109,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Gannondalf,"I've had this game for a while, and as a result I've been able to watch it grow over the years. Almost every new update, the development team adds something new that overhauls the game into something even more enjoyable. They listen to the community, and take advice from people (for example, people asked for a better toolbar, and they got just that). But the best thing about the game (in my opinion, of course) is the sense of adventure and discovery when finding one of the many procedurally generated structures for the first time and taking the time to explore it. Overall, for the price they're asking, I think Starbound should be a staple of every Steam user's library."
76561198109090949,Recommended,211820,24748622,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Jetre,"I don't know why. But I actally love this game. Going to world to world, seeing new things feels great. It's a good game or I dare say it's great game to play. I actally play it in the past and love it. I still love to play it. But just a heads up, beware that the updates to this game many take months to come out. But on the bright side, chuckle fishs (A.K.A. The creators) finally added the workshop and had competed the game. So that means that they would probably add on to it now on. Or just balance it... Werid... Who know maybe starbound muitpalyer PVP is a thing (No it's not. Look at the achievement: Nox's apprentice and reply if it becomes a more common achievement in starbound. Also hello to anyone in the future.) I just play single player the most often and sometimes get sometime to chill out with my bubs on steam muitplayer. I'm... I'm just also little of a fan for this game. Just saying..."
,Recommended,211820,24755830,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,123,"Very fun, but over time the game gets boring, but its fun while it lasts for the first 20-40 hours"
,Recommended,211820,24772365,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Aboloft,Needs more content but its fun while you discover it for the first time
76561198165906689,Recommended,211820,24773595,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,thepitholl,"žiauriai fainas grajus, šeip vienas smagiausių kokių radau tokio stiliaus, tai visiems patariu pabandyti, nes viskas ko tik nori yra, tik bėda kad keičia po biškeli grajaus esminį dalyką, pavyzdžiui rasiu viskas panaikino ir tapo visi tik skirtingos išvaizdos ir panašų briedą panaikono"
,Recommended,211820,24787610,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Bronze Key,"You know, I really liked Terraria, and it's unfortunate that I discovered that game well after playing Starbound's earliest incarnations.  The sense of wonder and discovery in a brilliant new shiny thing (that is also charmingly retro) should have been reserved for the original.  However, Starbound still feels to me like an evolution of the subgenre that Terraria started - and although I much prefer fantasy to sci fi, Starbound will always have my preference.I'm not going to nitpick on all the little things that have changed over this game's prolonged gestational period, like many of the other reviews I see from jaded vets.  I'm not going to wistfully conjecture on what could have been and honestly, the game is in 1.0 release with more to come. The fact that it's been out and playable for so long really muddies the waters in terms of approaching a review. With a fresh audience in mind I'm going to review it like I had never heard of it until today.What this game is : is amazing.  A side scrolling, voxel based crafting/sandbox/metroidvania/building blast of fresh air that is insidiously addicting.  The comparison to minecraft/terraria are obvious but this game really stands on its own with a mix of great lore, amusing races, tons of weapons/gear and atmospheric planetary exploration all tied together by the amazing Terraria art style (in a more technically advanced form).  It is totally one of those broad-but-shallow, eclectic ""jack of all trades"" types of games, but the breadth is astounding and the variety makes it all worthwhile.You are constantly being exposed to new mechanics and unlocking cool new things to geek out over as you blunder around the galaxy, and the pacing of such is quite well done.  The scripted dungeons/setpieces and boss fights are interesting and varied, and all the racial locations contain a satifsfying depth of background lore for the intrepid inspector and codex reader.  Your players character and crew members also make amusing comments on and criticisms of the others' civilizations. This game is full of flavor.The variety of clothing/armor (with vanity slots!) and weapons is overwhelming and there are so many little distractions in the universe. I'm about halfway through the main story, as far as I can tell, but of course I keep getting sidetracked with giant colony building projects and exploration expeditions and crew recruiting and farming and monster capturing and dungeoneering and oh jesus it's already morning again and I have to go to work.It has issues, of course.  The framerate gets a little wonky and the screen 'shimmers' in an annoying fashion when there's lots of stuff going on i.e dungeons and colonies.  Also, the actual movement and jumping mechanics (which are fairly important considering platforming apects of the game) are not as tight as they should be.I have to say I am pleased with the direction chucklefish has taken in terms of tying all the game's sandbox elements together.  It provides vague long(er) term guidance; giving you purpose to exploration - as well as the breathing room necessary to allow the possibility of spending entire nights just screwing around with some Rube Goldberg-esque engineering project without feeling hurried along.So I will update this review once (or if) I get to the 'endgame', assuming there is much of any at all and I can finish my aquatic city in time to squeeze out a few precious hours of sleep while praying my boss doesnt think I'm on drugs and fire me."
76561198084236089,Recommended,211820,24800556,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,IcyFoots158,"2/10 This game is racist towards people made of stars.A quick synopsis of this game: You play as one of seven races who just finished exploration college, about to do stuff when Japanese hentai rises up and wrecks face, make your escape, kill random strangers, help random strangers, do whatever. Also there's a main storyline where you meet cool people and FIGHT theJapanese hentai.""You can do a million things, and... everything can work"" -BigDaddyThis game has lots of content, procedurally generated playgrounds for your amusement, and a bit of plot. Play with a friend if you get lonely, take your time and explore, and upgrade the Matter Manipulator, digging is really slow and boring at first.Pros--Lots of things to do-You can customize a couple aspects of the game, like a character and basebuilding.-Multiplayer compatibility (I wouldn't have come back to this game if not for a friend joining me in the adventure.)-SecretsCons--Crash wiped my bookmarks and flew my ship to a random planet, reset Outpost and Ark, but left my ship and loot untouched.-Later dungeons in the main questline lacking in content.-Very abrupt ending-No postgame direction.Since the seventh race, the Novakids were a funding goal, there are no settlements, no dungeons, and no codexes for them, if you want to see one, play as one, or purchase the Saloon furniture to attract them to your settlement. I was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥there was no Novakid artifact, but atleast NPCs acknowledged my difference in race.This isn't my first review, but it's my best one, I put SOME thought into it."
,Recommended,211820,24832723,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,JoeGN,"this game has alot of difficulty and depth,at least until you discover admin modethen you cant help but cheathelp me"
76561198085817944,Recommended,211820,24463347,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,PARRY KING (not really),"FINAAAAAAAAALLLLLYYYYYYYY, 1.0 IS HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEERE WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO"
,Recommended,211820,24464829,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DrFaye,This was worth the wait. I played 80 hours in a very very early build of the game and had a blast then. Basically maxxed my character for what was available at that time. Then I decided it would be best to wait for the full game with the story and new features. Booting up the game today has put a smile on my face - you can tell the devs put a lot of love into this game. This one is something special.
76561198068578309,Recommended,211820,24510770,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Dòu Yá,I don't remember updating my Terraria.
76561197972303388,Recommended,211820,24538168,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Spooky 95.2,"This game is amazing.Now released, all the problems before have disappeared, and,in my opinion,this is a better game than Terraria,10/10"
76561198067053440,Recommended,211820,24538283,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,meow098,"I've played this game for around 4 years.The game has really progressed in that amount of time I've been playing it. A lot of the features that old players loved has been removed by the devlopment team but can still be accessed via mods. Also to tell you the truth those features were better off removed. For obvious reasons like fighting against the cold or fighting against the heat can be really diffcault for people who wanna play with friends or who just wanna have fun.Though they seem to not look at what's new that the devlopment team put in. New villages under and above ground. Crew member with they're own personalities. New weapons that are just so different, and stories are more vivd and creative. Each race has they're own charm to them.Also the progression system is seprate from the storyline to keep it easy for people who wanna take it easy. Though the game makes it easy to understand where in which tier you should be in for each mission.ALSO PINGUIN PIRATES!"
,Recommended,211820,24645005,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Hazesiah,"Starbound is a beautiful game with amazing atmosphere and an enthralling story for its type of gameplay. I found the bosses challenging but not too hard, the progression fun but not too fast, and the overall planet and monster variety more than interesting. I definately reccomend getting it despite some of the reviews being negative. You'll regret passing up such a great and wonderful game."
,Recommended,211820,24645043,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,L.E.G.O.S.,"I've followed the development of this game since alpha, and have played the game since day 1 of Early Access. You'll see every other review saying this is like ""Space Terraria"" and lemme tell you(just like a thousand other people), Starbound plays MUCH differently. Terraria's worlds are almost always identical to each other ""every world has a dungeon, jungle, etc.) but Starbound not only has an infinite amount of worlds, but those planets have a HUGE amount of variety in them. Now, most people would argue ""But 2 planets with the same biome are pretty much the same!"". Almost every planet has not only sub-biomes, but towns comprised of various species, a large variety of dungeons, and even MORE stuff underground.I'll try to keep this review short but here's my main warning; if you go in to this game trying to play it like Terraria, you will HATE it. Play it with creativity, curiosity, and especsially discovery in mind."
,Recommended,211820,24748727,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,"Console.Write(""Amac1990\n"");",I simply like this game better than terraria. I do not like dying a whole lot because you lose your stuff. the medium mode creates little anxiety to me and does not make me want to rage quit like terraria does for me. Starbound is about exploration and discoverying new worlds.For some reason 64 bit on my i7 computer just crashes but the 32 bit version runs faster and has no bugs.
76561198057037469,Not Recommended,211820,23101633,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Wiki,"Wow. What happened? This game used to be awesome, then I come back to see what has been added and everything that made it awesome  has been removed... Would no longer recommend."
76561198018349862,Recommended,211820,8724305,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Captain Salt,"This is a VERY great game, It has the potential to evolve into one of the most diverse 2-D scrollers of all time, it has near unlimited planets, and each one provides a different experience, not to mention the NPCs on each planet. And there are oh so many choices with races, and weapon types (1 handed sword, 2 handed sword, spear, axe, bow, pisol, assult rifle, rocket launcher. Then there are the sheilds and other stuff). I will be looking forward to see how this game turns out. I reccomend this game to anyone who liked Terraria, Skyrim, Gmod, or Minecraft."
76561198128889844,Recommended,211820,24617802,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Gray.Vice,"A proud heir of Terraria.While the fights may not be as challeging as for the former, it's balanced by the exacerbated sandbox feel this game offers.You have plenty things to do in this game. Exploring, trading, colony management, and so on.In fact, you have the freedom and the easiness of Minecraft, with a simple storyline, in the skin of Terraria. In space. With ships and planets.And as this game went through many changes during the alpha phase, we can hope for future improvements by the devs for the things lacking. Anyway it's moddable, so you can pick whatever you want to increase your lifetime.Go for it."
,Recommended,211820,16989249,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,ZachTheNebula,"Very fun game, and only getting better.I highly recomend Starbound!"
,Recommended,211820,16986601,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Meatiest Boy,"If you are looking for a Terraria like game Don't buy this this game is nothing like terraria( Don't  get me wrong terraria is a good game )( and this one is too )Pros:THis game is  complexThis game has a nice storylinesupports linuxCons:Multiplayer is nearly impossibleGame feels UnfinshedEarly ♥♥♥♥ING Access20/10 Would bang - IGN10/10 Like skyrim but nothing like skyrim - Game Spot8/10 Good game,Bad developers - Me"
,Recommended,211820,27167746,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,👉👌MasHUTkaPUSSYslayer👽,10/10 best story best gameplay no joke no scam better than terraria
76561198042790012,Recommended,211820,18002980,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,oddjob,its good
,Recommended,211820,17665782,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,BŁVK Coeva,Couldn't stop playing. 10/10 GOTY 2015.
,Recommended,211820,23811485,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,NUT | Eastnutz,Since No Man's Sky will never be released. This game is the closest we'll ever get.
76561198127376319,Not Recommended,211820,14539261,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,LordPancakes,"When you start playing the game it is pretty fun. But after you repair your ftl drive you don't what the hell to do. The game starts to get kind of repetative ina sense that a lot of the quests are you just doing chores for people like catching bugs or making coffee and then that leads you to mission. The Missions aren't really that good. It is always the same stuff, you kill a bunch of enemies to get to a boss which usually is either ridulculously hard or ridulculously easy. To repair your ftl drive you need 20 erchius crystals, which you get by killing the erchius horror boss. The erchius horror is terrible, You have to jump around on platforms for like 2 minutes when the boss is shooting lasers at you, then you have to jump down ALL the platforms one by one without dying, kill a zombie thing at the bottom platform, and finally pull a lever to shoot the boss with a plasma gun thing all in 10 seconds. Then you have to do it 2 times again. The positive things about are the large amounts of content. I'm always finding new weapons and blueprints wherever I go. The exploration system. The world has pretty much an infinite amount of planets for you to explore each with their own different types of creatures and a diverse range of biomes on each planet. And Finally, the building mechanics. There are tons of stuff you could build with in this game and there are tons of furniture and technology to decorate your house with."
,Recommended,211820,7918699,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Urska Jinx,"with about a few mins in, this game feels like Terria 2.0, is that bad? no its pretty epic of a game, if you like terria n minecraft and all you will LOVE this game <3"
76561198171882882,Recommended,211820,24499607,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Evernight,"I was recommending this to a friend... this is most of the conversation:TLDR: Space tomb raider pirate plant wizard rock star.""Evernight: ... i found an electric guitar in an egyptian tomb, on a desert planet, about 5 kilometers undergroundSN1P3R MONKEY: cool?Evernight: ... and i'm playing gingle bells to something that looks like a cross breed between a spider and a chinese black guy with a wok on his head with a stick of wheat coming out of it.SN1P3R MONKEY: [....]Evernight: did i mention i'm a mother♥♥♥♥ing space wizard?SN1P3R MONKEY: [....]Evernight: ... space pirate wizardSN1P3R MONKEY: sounds funEvernight: ... i'm also a female looking specimen of a genderless race that's basically composed of walking plants that look like humanoids... and really ... really like stabbing stuff."""
,Recommended,211820,26022715,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Kiripaka 👻,its a game where you can be a plant woman with boobies wearing a bee outfit10/10
76561198144376818,Recommended,211820,24455475,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Hoarse radish,Great game. The pixle art is AMAZING and so ar the mechanics of the game.
,Recommended,211820,23184557,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Phat Dog,It has good gameplay but u always loose ur character cus something rly bad happens and yeh......I lost my character 3 times.leik if u cri evry tiem ;-;
,Recommended,211820,9371953,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Tenerar,"Allready when I opened the game and took the first look, I saw a game with potential; a game that I would surely enjoy playing. Turns out it's more than just space travelling. It's also about survival and combat, which I think is a great thing.Here's the things I like about the game and what i don'tLike:1. Great randomized worlds with new things to explore for each planet.2. Combat is good, but not the best. Even though, it's still a nice and important part.3. Farming is time consuming but for me, it's very fun to cultivate crops that I would eat, even though this game is more like an Adventure Game.Dislike:1. Survival is pretty petty. You pretty much only have to eat a few pieces of food every now and so, and then you're good.2. DOSEN'T HAVE ANY PANCAKES!3. NO REAL PIZZAS!4. Capture pods (Things you can use to capture animals and ''some indescribable horror'' with.) are fairly expensive and if not used correctly, it's just a waste of expensive materials (Steel is hard to come by in the later sectors) though on the other hand, I have a dog in my space-ship by using one.That's all I have to say about the game. Game's got more things that I haven't wroten down, so don't rely on my words, but play it for yourself; because i reccomend this game!"
76561198161398654,Recommended,211820,22049363,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,The actual 100% legit Proto,"1) Gets back into playing this game2) Becomes a weird amphibian person3) Gets op4) Mispronounced ""Hylotl""5) Go on server with friend whos a Novakid6) Calls his ship ""XXX_ThomasTheTankEngine_XXX""7) Gets an OP Sniper rifle8) Kills things9) Dies10/10 would quickscope Robot Jellyfish again"
,Recommended,211820,24503264,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Vertinove,"First off, I don't understand the hate for this game. If the devs really wanted to they could have left the game forever in early access after they made a boatload of money out of it. However they didn't do that and instead kept updating and polishing it bringing it to where it is today. Hate the devs or not that was nice on their part, something that I can't say holds true when compared to a lot of other early access games on Steam. That being said, this game is a lot of fun if you are a fan of exploring. The only real problem I had with this game is unlike Terraria where I could make a home base and build it up, there really doesn't feel like any reason to do that in Starbound. Instead I went from planet to planet as a scavenger. I'm pretty sure this is how most people play this game and this isn't bad but after a while it can get boring. There are a plethora of different biomes and dungeons within them but after a while it DOES start to get repetitive and that's the main thing I have against this game. However that doesn't make it a bad game, and it's still definitely worth your time. I'll give it an 8/10"
,Recommended,211820,9030752,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Emperion Dynasty Cats,good game
,Recommended,211820,24593718,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Garb,Starbound > Terraria
,Recommended,211820,24594590,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,¯\_ツ_/¯,If you can't decide if it's worth it: It is.
,Not Recommended,211820,18402905,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,chinjuice,"Starbound is great. You can explore planets, make colonies, and the races are awesome. However, I would NOT recommend it in its current state. It ends too soon. After about 13 hours, I beat all the bosses and had final tier armor. The ores are way to easy to find. You barely need to work at all in this game. The combat is great, but it can get repetitive. The beginning is also kinda hard, as in most mobs 1/2 shot you. Starbound is a great game, but I'll stick to Terraria for now."
76561198155543395,Recommended,211820,24488160,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LonelyOrange,Starbound is Terraria for people that live in Europe.and by that I mean you can go nude and no one cares.10/10
76561198055356391,Recommended,211820,11815732,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,thewizardchrist,"I have enjoyed the game, and would recommend it with a caveat. The developers seem to have completely abandoned it and the later stages of the game are a cakewalk. You have a semi story boss fights for the first 5 tech levels, the last 5 have nothing, and are way to easy. I see a lot of interesting things happening in the nightly builds and the test areas. If you want to kill some time with a fun game grab this one, but you will be dissapointed when you realize that it is all but abandoned. People barely have the heart to keep up with a decent wiki, youtube videos of gameplay and tutorials are a year old.In short this game is in the very real process of being forgotten by both community and developers. It is a shame because the core game is awesome. Just needs some attention."
76561198036395935,Recommended,211820,11823608,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,dropdead,"I've bought the game last year and I still like it. For the moment there's not really much to do like quests or anything but overall it's fun to just explore planets and look for goods, to farm and raid all the places you can find - buildings of other creatures like the glitch, avians and florans.And then there are the mushrooms (Agarans) although I still don't know what's up with them.Yes, there is still content to come that is being worked on but I've already played for over one hundred hours and had fun.I have paid far more for other games and only played maybe ten hours and lost interest.If you are looking for polished quests and the like, this game might not be for you (yet).There are still places where the devs still work but I am already quite pleased as it is.-------Ich habe das Spiel letztes Jahr gekauft und ich mag es immer noch. Momentan gibt es quest-mäßig vielleicht noch nicht viel zu tun, aber es macht Spaß, einfach nur andere Planeten zu erforschen und nach interessantem Zeug zu suchen, sich landwirtschaftlich zu betätigen und all die Plätze zu plündern, die man finden kann - Gebäude von anderen Kreaturen wie die Glitch, die Avians und Florans.Und dann sind da noch die Pilze (Agarans) obwohl ich nicht weiß, was es mit denen auf sich hat.Ja, es gibt immer noch Inhalte, die kommen sollen und an denen gearbeitet wird, aber ich habe bereits über 100 Stunden gespielt und hatte Spaß dabei.Ich habe schon viel mehr für andere Spiele bezahlt und vielleicht 10 Stunden gespielt und dann das Interesse verloren.Wenn Du nach polierten Quests und so weiter suchst, ist dieses Spiel allerdings wahrscheinlich (noch) nicht das richtige für Dich.Es gibt immer noch Teile an denen die Entwickler arbeiten, aber ich persönlich bin auch so schon ziemlich zufrieden mit dem Spiel."
,Recommended,211820,8430179,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rusty Door Hinge,DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE DONT LET ME GET INTO MY ZONE
76561198035608472,Recommended,211820,8384060,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,KingSpud,"It's like Terarria, but in space."
76561198150014882,Recommended,211820,32051592,Posted: 29 May,all,ashtrainer27,"ALRIGHT, NO MORE SCREWING AROUND, I'M GOING TO GO SCAN THE FLORAN ARTIFACTS AND GET THE NEXT KEY*3 hours later*ALRIGHT, NO MORE SCREWING AROUND, I'M GOING TO GO SCAN THE FLORAQN ARTIFACTS AND GET THE NEXT KEY"
76561198160963274,Recommended,211820,34830385,Posted: 8 September,all,Akame,"Omg guys , best game I ever seen , if you want to play with a very good and awesome game , just buy it , and and and xd"
,Recommended,211820,28237537,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,doomSday,"Ah, Starbound. Such a great sense of wonder packed inside a small file size, and hours of fun to be had for 15 dollars. But is it worth it? I've packed over 100 hours into the game, but over a span of years. I'll explain things in retrospect.When the game first came out, we actually pirated it and played it for hours on that copy until the weekend arrived and I was able to afford a copy. The game had an effect similar to Minecraft where its lack of story and content actually added to the adventure. There was a sense of whimsy when I was exploring the different worlds and learning how to play the game as I went, I felt lost in a big universe. Eventually I explored the game beyond my friends' interest and once I reached the end game of whatever version was out in late 2012 or early 2013, I stopped playing for a long time. I believe I clocked in at 60 hours on Steam at that time. I was disappointed with the lack of any real end game, and I left it alone for years feeling ALMOST satisfied with whatever I put into the game.Then the game actually released. I noticed there were many improvements made. The game ran better, there was a story, there were more biomes to explore, tons of cool mods to goof around with, it gave me a sense of adventure again as if the current version of Starbound according to the review date was a brand new game again. I started with a Felin character, put 15 hours into it goofing around, and then lost it somehow. Then I decided to go witha Novakid and within a few days I packed in 35 hours into the game and beat the main quest. Of course, I was working on a farm for a good third of that time and building a huge house, as well as overmining planets of their resources, but that doesn't mean the game lacks content in the main course of the game... The story progression!The game feels like a lootfest, but there's too much loot so I'm constantly stuffing lockers full of goodies. Too many weapons I'll never use, too many bars I'll never craft things with, too much money I'll never spend. I feel like after beating the game I've lost all sense of wonder in the single player. The side quests aren't too intruiging aside from being able to upgrade your ship and there's not much to explore after finishing the main questline. Nevertheless, I still had fun. Goofing around with friends is an entirely different aspect of the game and can help encourage creative building. Other side goodies include playing music and murdering each other... I'm not sure you can still do the second one in this version.Either way, this game has something other games don't seem to have, other than Terraria. A grand sense of scale and adventure that seems nearly endless in its dawning hours. The difference between this game and Terarria is that the Starbound will feed your sense of adventure to the brim instead of providing a challenge with every encounter. But it does weaken the sense of reward you get when finding certain ores.I kind of forgot to talk about the graphics and music. The graphics are decent enough but the game still runs like garbage if you play for a while. The music just makes me either bored or sad so I just turn on my own tunes. The music's still good, just not anything noteworthy.This game gets a solid 7/10. Wonderful execution, but the excitement fades the deeper you get in. There's still lots of creativity to be had with the game and all sorts of things to do on the side, so the game is still solid. I think I'd rate my experience with the game an 8/10 if I were to put together my time with the game altogether across various versions. I say you should give it a buy!"
,Recommended,211820,34840851,Posted: 9 September,all,Lunar Drunk,Terraria + Story = Starbound
,Recommended,211820,24528196,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,ClankyPoo,11/10 doesn't need steam to play and fun as hell
76561198066622095,Recommended,211820,24546073,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Woggly Norwall,"When I got this i expected Terraria,This was not not the case, in a simple qoute, ""We asked for something, they gave us a little bit of everything.""When I got this game I thought I was basically going to be repurchasing Terraria, But I soon found out that the only thing this game has in common is the 2d format.This game is wonderfull when it comes down to its aspects, its space adventuring, boss fighting,and its potential story line,9.5/10 A game i've not yet got bored of, and don't plan to."
76561198228119328,Recommended,211820,25056055,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Ruby,when planning to get this game think about terraria having a baby with no mans sky DO YOU WANT IT you know you do the story may not be very important but it is fun to do i LOVE THIS GAME IT IS WONDERFUL there are many planets each of which has a load of items and epic stuffYOU CAN WALK AROUND PLANETS      ILOVETHISGAME
,Recommended,211820,25062021,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Podrock,Great sandbox/platformer fun - glad its completed alas!Similar to terraria
76561198107440723,Recommended,211820,21807588,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,现在59s就出兵了？,Holy ssssssshit thissssssss game issssss fun!
,Recommended,211820,21809336,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Prt,"♥♥♥♥♥♥what the fukc...Give me the shoe with a power of a thousand bucks man and then that is what this game is. You travel the universe and thenf ucking eat, you just eat, and eat, and DESTRUCTION! WOW WHAT A GOOD GAME THIS IS AND THEN YOU WOW>!!!><!>>!>!>!SO to give you some perspective you make a small lune and that leads you to lead lead and make you some good♥♥♥♥♥fine wine and vans make you spaghettis once and once only, and let mee tell you, that is some good lettuce on it, ain't it!!! haha.SO what is the big deal about this IP here. We start out and that's it! that's all men and that is what I respect about this hat. It makes you smile and smile and dial down a bit before you BUST IT OUT WITH THE SHOOT POWEER WITHOUT IT THE GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥AND SO IS THAT ONE TOOO.So what makes me cringe about this one fellas. Well let me give you something that I am sure all of us can relate to. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out♥♥♥♥♥♥♥from you. WHAT DID I TELL YOU ABOUT THE MAN ON THE MOON, HE IS WHITE AND SO IS THE ONE IN THE SUN. That is really a big curtin caller to this game. YOu see you really want to take in the atmosphere of this and bring it with you into the end of the universe.This one brings me to tear tears sometimes. The fact the the lead leads is just oustandingly buffalo... Tell me that one will ahve to not give this a shot of the heart and shoot my trachia, you give gloves some ♥♥♥♥ing gay.Krey/Dale mcMan videogame 2: returen of shale dingo 0"
,Recommended,211820,34842637,Posted: 9 September,all,Creeper37500: Grammar Nazi,"Starbound is...Boring. For me, anyway.Go ahead, give it a go, I just can't stay engaged in it for long enough to actually play it."
,Recommended,211820,19045185,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,TheArgonaut,"Amoung the plethra of good reviews to this game, allow me to add one more. This game is simply one of the best games I have ever played. My hours may not be comparable to some other players, but this game has held a special place in my heart since the beggining, and it will continue throughout my life. I could list pros and cons of this game but ill leave it for the harcore reviewers. My rating is 10/10, for such an inspiring community and team."
,Recommended,211820,26785844,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bobordirovshik orgasmov OpieOP,X_X
,Recommended,211820,13671796,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,DTV96Calibre,"Chucklefish has had a terrible track record of keeping the public satisfied with their updates, for whatever reason. I absolutely love this game and have felt torn between recommending (it because its awesome) and not recommending it (because of its development track record). This upcoming January, however, is when the long awaited crazy awesome update is coming to the Stable branch and I finally can give the recommendation I've been wanting to give foreverrrrr.Get this game *period*Can't wait until January?Get this game and subscribe to the unstable branch."
,Recommended,211820,13650164,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sefe,Sci-fi terraria with quests.
76561198134093430,Recommended,211820,13655635,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Jodagon Drago,super fun. especially for any terraria fans
,Recommended,211820,13655299,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,จริงๆก็หน้าตาดีสุด,เป็นเกมที่ ดีทีเดียว สำหรับแนว 2D ผจญภัย บ้านเมือง propต่างๆในเกม ทำออกมาได้ เรียกว่า ปรา ทรับ จัยส์ จิง จิงส์
,Recommended,211820,13680189,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,_4,like terraria with guns
76561198058607891,Recommended,211820,13655208,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Esteban Julio Roberto Montoya De,epic game me and my  friends made a cool bace too
,Recommended,211820,24608018,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,ShadowRider320,"I don't even know where to begin, but I LOVE it is the point here!-There are so many elements to this game that I can see it capturing a large audience because it has something to offer for many types of gamers. Let's start off with the obvious part, and that is the art style. Being 16-bit gives it a retro feel with, but with the quality we all wish the games of the past were. For those who aren't a big fan of ""pixel"" games, this one definitely doesn't feel like one because everything looks so clear and beautiful.-When picking your character, you get to choose from different races, which is pretty standard in an rpg, but still pretty cool. While you may feel that there isn't a lot of variety, per se, fret not, my friends! You will find MANY cosplay items throughout the game. I'm overflowing in them as we speak. There are also race-specific armor, meaning only that race can make it, but anyone can wear it so you may want to choose accordingly and do your research beforehand. However, you can always make a second character and use them for the sole purpose of creating the armor you want for your character. There are also different difficulty levels, which is good because you can play casual, which means you don't need to eat and if you die you don't lose your crap, only 10% of your pixels (in game currency). The next difficulty makes it so you have to eat (however, I feel the hunger bar goes down WAY too quickly, and when you first start off the game it's not easy to find or make food), if you die you lose whatever's in your inventory, and you lost 50% of your pixels I believe. The hardest difficulty makes it so that if you die once, that's the end of your character. So, I believe the difference in difficulties make the game enjoyable and also offer a challenge to those who enjoy that kind of thrill.-Next, let's get into the actual gameplay. It's very much a choose-your-own-adventure game, giving players with a lot more to do post the main story quests. You can explore different planets and solar systems from ice to fire, to desert, snow, and forest, to name a few. Each one is designed to be unique so no planet will ever look like the next one. In them, you can meet villagers (Sometimes), discover abandoned race-specific civilizations, fight monsters, and the best part, you have to actually travel to different planets in order to get different kinds of materials. This makes the game a lot bigger because you actually have to go to different solar systems and find these resources rather than finding all in one place, which I find kind of easy and boring. Not to mention, you're not stuck in one world, your possibilities are literally endless and can create wherever you want and can come back whenever you want.-It's also nice that you don't have to dive right into the story, you definitely go at your own pace and do whatever you want in the game. You can explore planets, create civilizations, recruit crewmates to expand your ship, loot for rare items, raise crops and livestock, unlock new building and furniture material, master all the recipes, take over villages, do side quests for fun, etc.-ALSO, I'd like to add that although some people may see it as another Terraria or Minecraft, it is far from it. It definitely plays a lot more like an rpg and for those who might feel a little empty after playing those kinds of games where you set your own goals by building your world, it's great that Starbound actually has quests and objectives because it gives the game and your work a purpose. Although the game is very open world in the sense that you have liberty to go and do as you please, it also has a purpose because you want to expand your ship, you want to get better weapons and armor, which require exploration and materials in order to fight bosses, you profit off the crops that you produce and can eat from as well if you're playing in a difficulty that requires eating, some crops and livestock even produce items that are hard to come by and you need to create the items you need for quests or for yourself.In essence, Starbound is never a dull moment. Whether you're in it for the story or the freedom, you are getting a lot from this game and will have a lot of content to work with even after you are long done with the main story quests. I, myself, have a considerate amount of time playing since its release and am one dungeon away from finishing the story because there is so much to do that you get distracted. My boyfriend and I built our own home, I tended to my crops and farm animals, we explored different planets for rare items and materials for our armor, weapon, and cosplays, later on we each built our own villages, expanded our ships, looked for people of different races to recruit, collected modules to upgrade special in-game gadgets that are used throughout the game, and we did all this in-between main story quests so we could make the most out of the game and make it last longer. Once we beat the final dungeon, I'm sure the main story quest will be over (it's not very long, but as mentioned previously, as you progress you need to upgrade your things), but we're still going to have a lot more to do."
76561198030794979,Recommended,211820,24665493,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,JohnvanTuyn,"It's pretty good for the money, so overall deserves a thumb up.It is however very similar to a game called terraria which is much better so if you haven't played that one yet get it first."
,Recommended,211820,30680832,Posted: 22 March,all,Dinodee01,awesome i say way better than terraria.
76561198062834737,Recommended,211820,18064862,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,TheClockworkShaman,good
,Not Recommended,211820,24987326,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Sam,The more I explore this universe the more empty and shallow a place it seemed.
,Recommended,211820,24473499,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Amalgam,"This game, is like no mans sky that actually works:- Its got steam intergrated multiplayer- its got interstellar coordinates that any player can fly to (meaning you can be on a planet and give someone the coordinates and they can fly there too)- its got a great story- fun quests- nice progression- AMAZINGLY AWESOME WEAPONS- Great procedural generation (with already made mobs + structures thrown in)- pokemon-like pet system- awesomely customizable ships ( i have a tier 7 Its ♥♥♥♥ing giant ^-^ )- nice art- good soundtrack- cool + kookie characters- amazing workshop items ( my favourite being the MGS alert sound beaing played instead of the deafault one)- etcthe list goes on, as for cons i dont have many:- Mobs deal on hit damage whereas the player has to actually attack (but bandages are very easily made)- A rather pointless hunger system, that makes farming crops better for money than for survival (this may have changed since i last played), but the animals are farmed for rescources, so thats usefull (and you dont need to kill them)- another con is not having enough cons to justify the pros.. heh.overall, i think people like myself (having over 1,200 hours on terraria and a crap ton more in minecraft) would really love this game. It's been through some rough♥♥♥♥♥♥*cough* early access days *cough* but its really come back with its full release, i think anyone can find enjoyment with this, as there is a lot of different ways to play. and spelunking is really REAALY fun.hope this helps more than my shity old review"
,Recommended,211820,28545901,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Grey,"For anyone who says that Terraria is better, ###k you.This game is the best there is in it's field, and beyond.Not only is the gameplay fun, with just the perfect little ammount of grind (which is to say hardly any), but it has something that every game strives for.It has character, it is a game that sets itself apart from any other with how uniqe and beautifully entertaining it is.From someone that loves a lot of different games, this is one of the few that I can sit down with for hours on end and not just enjoy it as a game but as an overall experience.  One that I am really invested in, getting to whatch my character grow, make incredible creations, and play with friends.If you are stuck on whether or not to get this game, do it.  If you don't like it, you can return it, but I guarantee that will NOT be the case."
76561198198752907,Recommended,211820,25296067,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,o9pimpjuice,"no mans sky was bad from what i hear,and this game is FREAKING ASOME!do i miss the old game?yes.but the game is still amazing.#hyotl forever.dont know i did that,sorry,anyway!the game reminds me of terraria,but i still think the games different both WAY better than minecraft.game is challenging enough,but definetly no dark souls.i give this game a 9.7 out of 10."
,Recommended,211820,28874655,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Kryyss,"For people who follow my reviews, I want to start by saying that this is a re-review of the finished Starbound product as my previous review was for the Early Access game. Since the game has launched I felt it was worth a second look at the title.Have you ever been to a theme park for the first time after wanting to go for almost as long as you can remember? That expectation before you arrive and that initial thrill as you walk through the entrance? But then, after spending a few hours at the park you realize that there is perhaps only half a dozen rides and the majority of the park is filled with shops and places to eat. Welcome... to Starbound Land.Just like a theme park, Starbound has a handful of features which are initially amazing. That moment when you get your stardrive back online and start traveling the galaxy. The bosses which don't even fit completely on the screen and that first time when you stumble across a ruined castle or hi-tech alien laboratory and promptly clear the place of dangers before making it your own personal home. These are the moments that make Starbound great. Unfortunately, when it does these great things over and over and over, you start to wonder what else there is to do. This is where Starbound falls flat on its face just like those theme parks.There is a ton of craftables... but you loot stuff so frequently which is better than anything you could craft that you generally don't bother crafting anything except for the stations needed to get better armor. Once you have the tier-6 armors you pretty much stop crafting entirely. But between the start and tier-6 armor there is plenty of materials you need to track down to get there. So if you like exploration, that is catered to nicely at first. There is also the massive menu of food to make... but you soon discover that the more complicated recipes are unnessersary since basic meals are perfectly fine since the advanced food buffs are very short duration anyway and the food requires a wide variety of materials to make. Causing them to be impractical.Next you have the 'pets' and crew members. Who are so inept that you find that they barely qualify as useful for anything except cannon fodder. So exploring the galaxy for crew and monsters becomes pointless since they don't add anything significant and worse still is that the quality of the NPCs and pets you can get will improve depending upon how advanced the world they came from is. Much like how you discard low level gear, you have little choice but to discard crew and pets too.Starbound actually runs into this issue of making its own content redundent far more than it needs to. It happens with almost all of its content. For example, planets are tiered much like the armor. A planet orbiting a gentle (low level) star has Copper, Iron, Silver and Gold. But a magma ocean planet (end game) planet has those ores but also gives you all the other materials. Furthermore asteroid fields have so much Copper, Silver and Gold that it isn't even funny. So despite being open world, you end up with no reason to explore worlds once you update your environment suit to allow exploration of end game worlds. Everything you find on those worlds from drops, crew, monsters and materials is better than everywhere else. So despite being a game about an endless universe of discovery. the poor design choices made here actually kill the point of playing. Why bother making all this proceedual stuff when the content is disposed of faster than a baby's filthy nappy? I know that many RPGs do this progression method, but in a game that the developers have worked hard to make appealing for exploration it just doesn't work since you've now coaxed the player into a linear path through the game and little point to turn around.So, can I recommend Starbound? Is it entertaining. Is it value for money? Well, yes. For a time it is entertaining and you'll get many hours of enjoyment from it before you hit that 'wall' where you notice that you've been on all the rides at least 5 times already. As for replay value, that rests not with the game itself but with the modding community. Much like how Minecraft was made successful not on its own merits but on the effort put forth by the community - so the same applies to Starbound. But, with the core design flaw created by the way content becomes redundent its going to take a really incredible mod to overhaul the game to make it worth exploring once you reach the end of the armor tree. Looking for legendary loot is not enticement to keep playing more after tier-6 when you're already overpowering mobs without it but that is yet another issue with the games design that I won't get into."
76561198151745976,Recommended,211820,22816080,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Rootin' Tootin' Vladimir Putin,Big ape is watching you reading this review and not playing this game.
76561198207749440,Recommended,211820,22816808,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nostalgic Ninja,"I like it, but it's sorta complex(at least the crafting system) but I really enjoyed it, and it is definitally a money maker."
76561198093217921,Recommended,211820,15027428,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Bad Throw Day,"Starbound is an amazing game that has taken a 2D detailed pixelated approach. It has a randomization for monsters and is a better version of terraia and better version of minecraft having good attributes of both games but added with its own ""flare"". It has even improved and will continue improving, so far it has mission/goals, rewards, bosses, pets, and much more. Unlike Minecraft it has a variety of armor and different amor for each of the seven different races. Overall this is a great game and it has even more to offer and i highley reccomend it to anyone,"
76561198018762779,Recommended,211820,24486443,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,arcade30,this game is alot of fun and great!dont let the negetive reviews turn you away as 99% of them dont even focus on the final product. Most people are just butthurt about the things in the Beta. As alot of them say how the constant charecter whipes and♥♥♥♥♥♥bugged them but those don't represent the game today.
,Recommended,211820,9600801,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,^3Mrblackpants,tHIS IS THE BEST GAME EVAR!!!!!1
,Not Recommended,211820,14251638,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Void Dominator,"Can I just ask a question?Where's my character!I can't even believe that i played this game for 22hours,and now my character disappeared!OMG,This is such a GREAT update!So,should I create a new one?If there comes a new update,should I do this again?Pls give me a respond."
76561198062553232,Not Recommended,211820,19832597,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Green Bastard,"awesome game but, be prepared to waste a lot of time. i make a character play for about 25 hours get really far into it and  i log out of the game it just deletes my character. no i do not use cheats or mods or anything else i use the stable version and there hasn't been any updates. i feel like i wasted a lot of time for nothing"
,Recommended,211820,18101380,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,JAMERSDAKING,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,18284810,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,cyanblur,"I love this game. Before the last update I basically thought of it as HD Terraria. Now though, it is definately its own game. Would recommend to anyone of any age. Musical instruments are amazing to play around with in sp and mp."
,Recommended,211820,17617694,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ミカヅキtekkeX,"A truly enjoyable experience for those craving a more adventurous, expansive sandbox."
76561198125412154,Recommended,211820,17619436,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,xdarkxninjasx,"Starbound. This is one of the best games i have ever played. It has it all; exploration, action, adventure etc. I couldn't own a more entertaining game than this. (Highly recommended)"
76561198119600457,Recommended,211820,17622305,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,cale_draughon,"Good gameplay, excellent music, developing lore and quests, and over all a fun game. Mind that the game is in early access"
76561198061711129,Recommended,211820,14484627,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Sir Fed,"To be honest, I thought i was going to hate this game. I could have not be more wrong in my life! A friend of mine has been recomanding it to me since it was first released, but I never bought it because I always thought it was just a terraria clone with some space themed object added to it. It's not. I never really liked terraria personally (it's a great game, no doubt, but I never really felt immersed in it), but in this game it feels completely different. I like the quest system (although it should be fixed a bit), and I love the various different worlds!PROS:-varied;-good replay value, every letsplay will be different;-few glitches and most are barebale;-fun;-interesting;CONS:-the gameplay sometimes becomes boring for a bit since you have to mine alot at first (reccomend being with a friend);-no steam server thing where you can just join of a friend, but instead have to make a server (hamachi or portforward);Over all one of the best early access games I have played. 9/10 (score weighted to not take into account glitches and bugs since it's not done yet)"
,Recommended,211820,18240829,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,PK Love,"This game is amazing. The devs work hard, the universe is immersive and atmosphereic, all in all a great game. I am proud of how far it's come since it's release, and I'd it buy again. However I wish some of  the features that were there originally had stayed, such as a hunger bar and stuctures in asteriod belts. I also wish that they had more obtainable building blocks, instead of destroying stuctures. I do not know why they removed some of the old features, but this game still shows much promise. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,17635004,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Turtle,"Really fun for about 2 days, then you complete the game and there is nothing else to do"
,Recommended,211820,20479576,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Max,Great game but I would recommend waiting till it get out from EA.-Needs some optimizing-More quests-Needs to be harder?
,Recommended,211820,22541967,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Caseratis,11/10 There's alien bacon.
,Recommended,211820,17747745,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Jason,"Starbound, Well.. We're ""BOUND"" To play this. Hehee, Get i- Okay."
76561198153195824,Recommended,211820,29772129,Posted: 7 February,all,horserider,if you like tereaeria then you will like this game
76561198046213127,Recommended,211820,7976390,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,YUNG Knacksterpiece BIG LAUNDRY,10/10
,Recommended,211820,14294084,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Irish-Sniper,New update? Time to play again :D
,Not Recommended,211820,14346961,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Lord of the Swooce,"This is what you get if you pay good money on an early access game, I feel like I got ripped off by a terraria knockoff"
76561198136556764,Recommended,211820,14428604,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,M3LI0DA5,all though it is early acess game and there are a few bug i'd say this is an amazing game if a great 2d survival game that i have ever play and it has great uses of quest and how you progess in the game i think it is a 10/10
76561198015791090,Recommended,211820,14588737,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Slaiyne,"This game has been a wonder to play. I liked Terraria, which is similar to this game, but it was always so small. It was just a boss rush once you had the game down. This game has a certain charm and wonder to it, especially after the release of the giraffe patch.Pros:1) Large, expansive and varied biomes2) Interesting items and equipments to play with3) Great multiplayer experienceCons:1) The enemies  are still largely grouped into easy and cheap.2) Lonely if you don't have friends to play with.3) The grind at the beginning can feel a bit frustrating, especially solo as I mentioned before.All in all this game was worth the price for me, and my friends have also enjoyed it. I can recommend this game for not only its gameplay, but also because the devs are very dedicated to the game. The servers are still a bit shaky with the recent release of the game, but setting up your own server to play with friends isn't all that hard. Try it, you'll find yourself coming back again and again."
,Recommended,211820,14594076,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Hydraslayer343,"I beam down.It's night time.I wander around looking for trees.I see a really big alien.I walk to it.It shoots bubbles at me.I die.1,000,000,000,000/10"
76561198125070816,Recommended,211820,14535334,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Tibbytoo,Starbound Soundtrack + Gameplay + Pixel Art + Random land Generation = This game made me cry of how perfect it was.
76561198169591746,Recommended,211820,14567710,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Dr.Anonymous,A more advanced version of terraia.Thats it.
,Recommended,211820,14906100,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,adrien brody,"This game is one of my favorites. If you think that this is Terraria, you're wrong. Even at this state, Starbound has 10 times the amount of items, quests, and things to do than Terraria does. I can't wait to see what the game devs add next."
76561198037838581,Recommended,211820,17284094,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Kirsava,"I haven't played a lot of the game, but I will reccomend it, it has a lot of gameplay and a lot of planets to explore and even different species you can interact with."
,Recommended,211820,10370065,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,MitsurugiR,"Good but kind of dissapointing.I loved Terraria SO MUCH, and waited for this game alot too. But, its kind of raw and there is nothing to really do.I will still recommend this game, cause Im a ♥♥♥♥ing idiot"
,Recommended,211820,10603808,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,LordWolfie,Lots of Fun in the sun!
,Recommended,211820,10848190,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Servo the Husky,It's like Terria! but it space!
,Recommended,211820,10626335,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DSFlames,"I had heard good things about this game from friends of mine, and I had long awaited to get it. When I finally did, I was not ready for how awesome this game would truly be. At the start, you have a choice between six different races, each one with their own unique traits, but all staring on a spaceship. From here, it is your mission to gather resources, craft new weapons and armor, and just survive as you explore the land. Each race has their own specific lore that is behind them, and it does affect how some other NPC races react to you.I won't lie, you will likely die a lot during yoru first few days before you get decent things, but once you do get good weapons, armor, and tech, it is fun to go around and do whatever. Would I reccomend this game? ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,10356350,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,.wav,Cool features similar to Terraria. The premise is the same but instead being confined to one word you can explore the boundaries on space
,Recommended,211820,10519750,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Шамиль Физик (ТУП,This game becomes addicting with friends. Very colorful and humorous and a lot of variety
,Recommended,211820,10531245,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,smashcast.tv/PattyCats,its cute. i like it
76561198079646992,Recommended,211820,10593458,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Moonsie,It's an amazing game and it is at fun or more fun than Terraria.
76561198003324227,Recommended,211820,10653959,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,WesleyC,"Solid game, with a lot of potential. Well worth a look if you enjoyed Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,10687038,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Used Poro,10/10
,Recommended,211820,11860319,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,HyKai,"Great game, if you like Terraria, Minecraft or possibly Edge Of Space, this games suits you!"
76561198045387168,Recommended,211820,10543463,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DoctorSleep,"Great game if you like 2d building, modding, and fighting. Very very fun :D"
76561198009499565,Recommended,211820,10571364,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Happy Hate Bot,"Estimation: If you enjoyed Terraria but felt that there weren't quite enough horrible ways to die, or wanted a bit more depth to certain mechanics and a few more options here and there, this is probably a game well worth picking up early in so you can enjoy the development roller coaster, or to pick up in the future after an official release. It's fun, quirky, and hints at some interesting things. If you're a Bartle-Spade type player, the ability to explore is beyond epic. And the first time you encounter the most adorable little face-munching abomination on your local Death World (ie: All of them), it's grand. No place to really go for this game but up."
,Recommended,211820,11901887,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,LaurenIsSquare,fantastic OST and very visually appealing. still in beta but idk i love this game so much.
76561198045598897,Recommended,211820,12275411,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,UHHU,i cant say anything i love this game
76561198089295279,Recommended,211820,13551435,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Quinten_33,fun game
76561198076475856,Recommended,211820,13566274,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Melon,It is really awesome and so fun!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198045321736,Recommended,211820,14236678,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Best Russian Leader,Great game 9/10
76561198051075644,Recommended,211820,13952203,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,RockinRaider,good for the fact its early access people are judging it way to harshly considering that
76561198083222367,Recommended,211820,14297680,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,MechaFroggy,is niece :)
76561198072267415,Recommended,211820,13715657,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Kuzenbo,love it
,Recommended,211820,13359683,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,OhShitAnAsian!,"Simply put, patience is a virtue and I suppose good things come to those who wait. A shoutout to blecha100 for updating me on the status of Starbound. Yes I suppose it's not 100% fun to rewrite my review but I'd rather do that than keep false or outdated information up. So yes if his/her comment is still on this post and you haven't followed the creators of Starbound, look for Tyis twitter and reddit and you'll see there are indeed patches, stable patches scheduled this next month. I believe Tyis was one of the creators of Terraria? Either way the more up-to-date Steam users will know.Regardless, I believe it best to edit my review now. I had initially reviewed earlier this month that the game lacked any solid patches. In truth, it's been awhile but I haven't been on in awhile either nor have I kept as up-to-date as I should have. The thing that matters now is that relatively soon that review of mine saying to not recommend this game would be outdated and false. Truth be told I love Starbound and played quite a lot of it at first and throughout this year so I am overjoyed to now know for myself that there are patches coming out. (I guess I lost interest and hope for the game getting more stable patches because it wasn't being constantly updated with patches as fast as I would have preferred. That's what happens when the feelings of entitlement encroach upon our minds, whereas we should give the people who make quality efforts for their creations and give it time so as not to make many mistakes.) For those of you that have played this game and not kept up and are like me and out of the loop, give Starbound a try again when their new patches come out in 2015. You just might be enticed back in by the features of the game that got you to buy it in the first place.I'm not perfect, I definitely was out of the loop and was in the wrong, but I'm happy to change this review. So I will have changed it from not recommended to recommended by the time you read this, if you still are that is. Give Starbound another chance when the creators post the new stable patch. It may have taken longer than what they initially said or we expected, but I believe quality work takes time. 2015 could be their year. Don't let a game like this sit in your library and gather dust if the game gets another update that adds as much content as when they first released it. And most importantly, stay in the loop with games you really like, so you don't lose hope prematurely like I did."
76561198034062496,Recommended,211820,14284259,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Sir Rig,"I am so satisfied with the direction this game is taking. Definitely worth picking up even if not on sale, this game has been fantastic so far and it's only been getting better. Keep it up Chucklefish!"
76561198031523120,Recommended,211820,13934769,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,hanginjohnny,Awesome game and soooo much Promise for the future. please release this for Xbox One
76561198202990656,Recommended,211820,13937220,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,wonderwaffle0000,"Let me just start out by saying that this game is absoulutely great, there is so much content in this game it doesn't even feel like this game is in beta, and you might have noticed alot of other reviews that critize the game for being ""abandoned by the developers"" or ""having no updates"" , but that is not true. In order for the game to get updates you must put the game into the unstable or nightly branches which will be, of course, unstable but have doulble the content of the original branch. Now with that off our chest we can talk about the core mechanics and gameplay of starbound. Starbound obviously looks and feel similiar to terraria but with one huge difference, starbound takes place in space, this has huge role on the game play of the game and that is that there is much more to see and explore in starbound than in terraria although each planet may not be as fleshed out as terraria's main sandbox, each planet is aslo procedurally generated, that means each planet is unique in its own way and when I say its unique I mean it's  unique, there is tons of planet variation in this game, from planets with eyeball trees or planets overun by little mushroom people and dragons you will have a blast exploring in this game, especially when you find one the games randomly generated structures,(like buildings, dungeons, villages, and tombs to name a few) these structures don't even feel like they're randomly generated, each feel handmade and have story to tell an example would be this one time I went to an irradiated planet and I found usmc penal colony (prison) and I went inside and there were no guards just prisoners out of their cells and I came to the conclusion that the prisoners simply overan the prison I continued to the end of the dingy prison and I saw, spray painted on the wall, some text saying ""they said they will come back!"" which changed my whole view on the prison and the prisoners that attacked me, which I find to be awsome, a good comparison to that would be dark souls and that it tells its story by you figuring it out not by it telling it to you. this game also has quite alot of lore that can be found in item descriptions and codex diaries. Combat in this game is similiar to terraria almost a carbon copy of terrarias combat but with a few tweaks, you can now block either with a shield or some 2 handed swords allow you to block without a shield. weapons types are also extremely similiar terraria's there are swords, spears, hammers, axes, sycthes, bows, crossbows, and an addition that isn't in terraria, magic staffs *note there seems to be more weapons in this game and the weapons are randomly generated* this game also has quests in it which is unique for from terraria these quests, unfortunately,  are usually fetch quest, but there are occaisonally some unique ones which take you to remote unspecified area of space do a pre-made level or boss, these are the fun quests and they also boast great rewards, on the note of boss I would say that they are just barely worst terrarias not because there gimmicky or frustrating, but because there not very memorable, everybody knows wall of flesh from terraria, but who remembers shock trooper mk 1 from starbound. Armor in this game in my opinion is dealt with very well, you can find weapons and vanity items by exploring or dungeon diving but you cannot find armor, armor you must craft which gives you a reason and need to mine for metals which leads to my biggest gripe in the game, M i n i n g, you have mine ALOT in this game it starts to get really repetitive really fast, your probably thinking ""why is mining such a drag if you only mine for armor?"", there is way more than just armor you have to mine for first you gotta mine to get the crafting table, then gotta mine to get the furnace, then you gotta mine to get the anvil, then gotta mine to get all 3 pieces of armor for a full set then you go do one of those unique missions, after that you gotta get a new set of armor so you go down and mine to get the new improved crafting table, then you gotta mine to get the new improved furnace, then you gotta mine to get the new improved anvil, and finally gotta mine to get all 3 pieces of the new armor set rinse and repeat, you see what im getting at here? Building in this game is just like you expect from sandbox game like this you can be as creative as you want but you have no encouragement to settle down and build until late game because early on you'll be moving from planet to planet alot once you get to the highest level of planet then you will want to settle down. there is quite alot of charater customization in this game especialy by the insanely unique races to choose from. This game is also really really addictive and overall this is great game worth every penny even in beta I give this game my thumbs up and I hope you found this reveiw helpful see you next time! :]"
76561198027524317,Recommended,211820,14300315,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,LegacyDLT,This is the best indie game I have played to date.
,Recommended,211820,14393011,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sky Daddy,"Brilliant! I loved Terraria, and I absolutely adore this! You took the best parts of something great, and made something perfect!"
,Recommended,211820,14431222,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Goblin #Naga,"Cool game about survivability on different places. I like sci-fi, rpg, sandbox content in this game."
,Recommended,211820,14659612,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Pez,"It's not Terraria, and that's a good thing."
76561198101177574,Recommended,211820,14300197,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,xander,love this game. i had to delete everything on my pc so i didn't have my old save filesbut now the game has a bunch of new stuffP.S anyone who says this game suck cause it didn't update for a year. look at all the new content for the gamestill a bad game?
76561198156050033,Recommended,211820,14300292,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,WookieWarrior,A great game huge adventure and many missions different planets with different aliens.A giant amount of fun with friends too!
,Recommended,211820,14318361,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,these dudes,8/8 it invovles a lot fo zap zaps and boom booms would alien again
76561198038556426,Recommended,211820,14333732,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Pr.Chewii.-,"I like this game is like: Skyrim but with space, guns, your own spaceship, and florans ♥♥♥♥♥es who wants to eat your meat.And It runs perfect in my ♥♥♥♥♥♥ notebook <3"
,Recommended,211820,14579934,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,JJO,"My favorite crafting/exploration/mining game. Despite still being in Alpha, I find Starbound to be an amazing game, even more so after the big winter update.The entire race system creates a ""Mass-Effect-like"" feeling for me and their cultural traits give them more personality than you'd expect from an NPC in a sandbox game like Starbound.The possibilities for exploring are sheer endless, the quest they implemented are a good replacement for the old tutorial and the bosses are challenging. The pixel graphics give the game a certain charme and I've caught myself thinking quite often how cute this game actually is.All in all, Starbound is a very relaxing and chill game, that is very fun to play with a buddy as it is in singleplayer."
76561198132595850,Recommended,211820,14320867,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Papa Cry,Loved the new update
,Recommended,211820,14330785,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Agent W.,Early releaseAn interesting game. Great in concept but still has a ways to go. Way to easy to exploit the resources if you know what to do.Who wouldn't want to be in a spaceship stranded in the middle on nowhere?7/10
76561198057553249,Recommended,211820,14267988,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Sockie The Doctor Doggo,space.
,Recommended,211820,14282447,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,shmeez,"Oh man. What is there to say about this game.Well, for one, it's somewhat of a Terraria clone...BUT AN AMAZING TERRARIA CLONE. It's one of those games where you can make your OWN story.You could be an evil overlord that takes over any planet that he comes to.Or you can be a hero, saving each planet one step at a timeThe crafting is a bit awkward for me, in my opinion.But that's it.10/10 game. It's beautiful. It's amazing. Get this or else you must be ♥♥♥♥ing stupid."
76561198103238230,Recommended,211820,14315866,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,David S. Pimpkins,Amazing music hours and hours of fun gameplay over all great game10/10
,Recommended,211820,14315982,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,jackstory290,10/10 would continue playing
,Recommended,211820,14341556,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Hal 9000,I am an alien anime space fish.6/5Just enough water
76561198090914638,Recommended,211820,14586100,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Bobworks,"i like the game, i enjoy a lot of it's magic(scince) with my friends and we have a ton of laughs"
,Recommended,211820,14285220,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lucifer XIII,Awesome game and i mean awesome. Like a futuristic version of Terraria but set in space with an almost infinate universe.
76561198155743697,Recommended,211820,14427853,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Seth Phoenix,"I actually enjoyed this game the first few times I played it. I ended up not being able to play it for several moths due to stuff coming up and I ended up coming back to it yesterday. I brought it up and my characters were all gone. This wasn't a huge problem because I never got too far, so I just made a new character. I found my mods didn't work in character creation and this left me a bit miffed because I really liked these mods. However, I didn't let this deter me. I then selected this new character and...the game crashed. I proceeded to try again and the game stopped responding. I left it for about a half hour because sometimes things come back after a while...but it didn't. I ended the process and tried several more times, even uninstalling my mods and trying again and again and it doesn't work. I hope Chucklefish and fix this because I am getting to the point where I don't care and just go out of my way to trash the game and say all sorts of negative things about it anywhere I can on the internet. I don't know how much of a difference this will make, but I'll do it if they don't fix this.. All of that said, I am going to put a yes on whether I recommend it or not because if they manage to fix this, it could be pretty fun to play"
76561198157014007,Recommended,211820,14500623,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Chow Mein 144,I love this game I think it is gonna be my best game of 2015 because it is huge and has so much going for it like its historyand toe back story of the cultures and animals like the floren or novakid i love them all 10/10WellDonePoptart
,Not Recommended,211820,17548374,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Daddylongzak,♥♥♥♥♥game. Don't buy.
,Not Recommended,211820,20545494,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Kazu,"Great game, better than terraria in my opinion.Invested over a hundred hours into Terraria.-----------------------------------------------Pros: Endless possibilities on your end for creation>Multiple Races, tailored to your experiance>Immersive Sci-Fi GameCons: NO MAC SUPPORT! <<<<<< FIX THIS!!! >>>>>>>Despite mac running on intel since 2006 theres 0 Mac Support.>Replay value is low, end up dropped a whole day into the game and than leave and wait for an update>Early Access! It's been Early Access longer than Under the Ocean (The worst game on steam probably)"
,Recommended,211820,8681944,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Portal Master,If You LOVE Terraria You Will Love Starbound
,Recommended,211820,24432958,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Mn3m0syn3,"THIS GAME IS AMAZING.10/10 stars. After the glad giraffe update this game is amazing before that it was just ok and glitchy but now after the huge update this is amazing. Kudos to the dev team. It is completely worth the 15 dollars. The ship exploration is massive. it is  massively open worlded and the quests are funny, hard and they make you explore and spelunk a lot.farming is also fun and finding settlements all over is great. GREAT GAME"
,Not Recommended,211820,20459454,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Syvyvn,"I gave it two years. I probably got my money out of it, but there isn't a lot to do. It is very repetitive and will get old quick. Lots of potential that the devs will probably deliver someday, but my advice is to simply wait for it to exit early access."
76561197962425493,Recommended,211820,9578114,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,SpaceThePlace,I always have a good time playing this...
76561198062021912,Recommended,211820,7917906,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,NightOwl,Yay for Starbound! At this time I can only say that I'm glad they delayed the game for a while to bring us this beautiful game right from the beginning.  The quests really help a lot to get going and get some direction. The environments are great as well as the crazy monsters. The character creation is just delightful and the movement and character animation is well rounded.  This was definitely money well spent and I can't wait to get exploring even further.
,Recommended,211820,24763079,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Birdman The Salty,The new survival mode they added is nice and stuff but that you lose most of your important resources and healing items is stupid they should add a normal mode where you still have the hunger bar but don't lose your resources
,Recommended,211820,8037868,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Adam,32 bloody hours in 5 days. AND it's still in the first beta stage. I got my money's worth and more. If you liked terraria and love space then DEFINITELY get this.
,Not Recommended,211820,24502390,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Circumfission,"I decided to give this game another chance for 1.0. I always hated it before, and even now I hate it. Chucklefish have published some great games, stardew valley and risk of rain, but god forbid they make their own. Founded by Tiyuri,a former redigit employee who's claim to fame was his ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lackluster pixel art. With a bunch of stolen assets from redigit, he started making this game with a handful of other ♥♥♥♥♥♥ artists, which is why nothing graphically fits together in this game, and a single programmer. This programmer of course quit as soon as they got a second programmer because Chuckle♥♥♥♥ are a band of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. As I write this review, I feel the need to say CHUCKLEFISH ARE KNOWN TO DELETE NEGATIVE REVIEWS, THEY HAVE PERSONALLY REMOVED 3 OF MINE AT THIS POINT AND THEY WILL STRAIGHT UP BAN PEOPLE FROM THEIR FORUMS FOR OFFERING CONSTRUCTIVE CRITICISM IF IT SO HAS A SINGLE NEGATIVE WORD ABOUT THIS TRAINWRECK OF A GAME. The combat has been reworked several tens of times, and now its more bland and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ than it was before. Planets used to be way more varied but now everything is set on strict rails in terms of generation, every forest planet feels like every other forest planet etc. A bunch of the game's better features have been removed, the temperature system, hunger in casual mode, 3D Printing, the list goes on and on. As for the difficulty mode, there is Casual, which is essentially the only ♥♥♥♥ing way to play, Survival, which is a tedious trainwreck of a ♥♥♥♥ing difficulty where you are constantly backtracking because chuckle♥♥♥♥ can't into proper AI or Hit Detection, and hardcore which is self explanatory. As for the races, they all have some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ convoluted backstory tied to some ♥♥♥♥ing time period. humans are modern, avians are mayan, apex are futuristic, floran are tribal, glitch are medieval, hylotls are JAPANESE, and a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ mix of Japanese too. they are 30% Feudal Japan 20% Moden Japan and 50% Weeaboo retard assumptions of what Japan is like. Then there are the Novakids, a race of cowboy star people. They were a stretch goal and I had high hopes for them, but instead THEY ARE A RACE OF SPECIAL SNOWFLAKES THAT HAVE NO BEARING ON THE PLOT AND FEEL LIKE THEY WERE RUSHED IN LAST MINUTE AND NOT GIVEN A PROPER STORY, BECAUSE THEY WERE. Oh yeah, did I mention THE PLOT? A ♥♥♥♥ING SPACE EXPLORATION SANDBOX FORCES YOU INTO A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ LINEAR PLOT. CHUCKLE♥♥♥♥ ADVERTISES THAT YOU CAN PLAY THE GAME WITHOUT BEING FORCED TO MINE OR EXPLORE, WELL THAT IS A HUGE ♥♥♥♥ING LIE. MOST OF THE ♥♥♥♥ING FEATURES, THE SEED SHOP, ORE SHOP, FURNITURE STORE, ARE ALL LOCKED BEHIND THE ♥♥♥♥♥♥ LINEAR STORY, WHICH YOU ESSENTIALLY NEED TO COMPLETE ONCE WITH A CHARACTER IN ORDER TO ACTUALLY PLAY THE WAY YOU WANT. Honestly, for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ uninspired Terraria ripoff, I don't even feel like it CAN BE COMPARED TO TERRARIA. THIS ISN'T EVEN A RIPOFF ANYMORE, ITS IT'S OWN CANCEROUS BREED OF A♥♥♥♥♥♥COVERED TUMOR ON THE ♥♥♥♥ING GENRE. Now is it fun, for 10 hours maybe if you have nothing to do, yeah sure. Is it a good game ♥♥♥♥ NO. IF YOU BUY THIS GAME, I CAN'T STOP YOU BUT FOR GOD'S SAKE PLEASE PIRATE IT OR WAIT FOR IT TO GO ON SALE, ♥♥♥♥ING CHUCKLE♥♥♥♥ DON'T DESERVE 14.99 FOR THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,211820,28479681,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Mail-Order Horror,"""7:31 PM - 5eb37a: omfg7:32 PM - 5eb37a: I go on a quest at a glitch castle7:32 PM - 5eb37a: to take this guard way out to a floran hunting grounds to meet a merchant7:32 PM - 5eb37a: I go do that7:32 PM - 5eb37a: then the guard has me go all the way back to deliver a note to a guy at the castle7:32 PM - 5eb37a: he gives me the reply7:33 PM - 5eb37a: ...which I THEN have to take ALL THE WAY BACK TO THE GUARD AT THE HUNTING GROUNDS.7:33 PM - A Holiday Card in The Mail: sTARBOUND QUESTS EVERYBODY"""
,Recommended,211820,14248979,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,X_x Curtismo x_X,"Found a suspicious looking porta-loo in the middle of a forest planet. Investigated, and found a underground sewer filled with sludge monsters throwing living poo at me. Killed the poo and they dropped Raw Steak. 10/10 best game in the history of games.Anyway, actually a very decent game since the update that took a year to create. Still performance issues that shouldn't exist considering i've played games with much better graphics with better frame rate. Well worth the money now though."
,Recommended,211820,14234403,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,ilovebanginghorse,"Really enjoyed the time I spent in this game early in 2014, but the worlds were sparse and empty-seeming. There was no real sense of life that you get from Terraria. I was happy to put it aside until the game was updated which is seems to be currently in the process of doing. I have sworn off Early Access since the purchase of this game, but would still recommend this game once it is released."
,Recommended,211820,14234707,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,André,"First Time Playing...I beamed down to a fugly looking planet with tentacles as trees, pretty disgusting. I wandered around and I came across some green vegeterian mushroom people, they were friendly. I saw that they had a pretty cool underground base with stuff, so I decided to kill one of the vegeterian ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s to steal their crap! >:D Then the others got mad and started chasing me while shouting ""Death to meat!"" or something, then some phallic looking animals started attacking this mushrooms and saved me.Phallic Monsters are Love, Phallic Monsters are Life.11/10 would attack♥♥♥♥♥♥Headed Mushrooms again.P.S. The monsters who saved me proceeded to kill me afterwards, those ♥♥♥♥ers."
,Recommended,211820,25449971,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BETTERTHANU107,One of the best games I have ever played. Would HIGHLY recommend.
76561198087942218,Recommended,211820,23443442,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Snoot Salamander,"When I bought this game, I had high expectations. And you know, my expectations were met in a major way. This game is incredibly fun, and never ceases to amaze me. Had this game for about a yearish? I guess? I don't really know. All I know is that I was screwing around on Steam and was like ""I'mma write a review of Starbound.""By the way, figured that I should mention: I've bought this game for two other people because I love it and I love them and I wanted to play it with them. So, therefore, I recommend this  game. In a major way. That being said, I'm going to go play it right now. I've convinced myself it's a great game and needs to be played."
76561198160596369,Recommended,211820,14470867,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,hankymueller13,"Great, game. A lot of stuf to explore and do just in beta. I can't wait for the official release."
,Recommended,211820,24611074,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Miko,"So, I've bought this game a loooooong time ago and the release date kept on being pushed back for years buuuuut... now it's here in all it's glory.It's a Terraria like exploration with mining and building and features a simple but cute story. Now don't get me wrong, when I said ""Terraria like"" I didn't mean to say that it's just like Terraria. Not at all actually. The game plays completely different than Terraria and I can guarantee you that if you liked that game a lot, you will like this.Honestly, I cannot say that it's a perfect game but it really isn't bad like some people are saying. It's got it's flaws. Lots of them. To list a few:- Poor performance even on relatively good PCs (not getting above 62FPS for some reason even with a 70HZ screen and unlocked Vsync and it drops to even 15FPS from place to place. Rain is pretty much the FPS killer in this game)- Annoying quests for the main story. It can take hours to scan find enough stuff to scan to get the coordinates for the mission. It's not the scanning which is the problem. It's finding a settlement that has the correct race and items to scan... It's really a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for the majority of the game.- Introduction is very plain. It doesn't tell you anything and the game became a lot more complex than Terraria was when it came out. No Guide of some sorts to explain items or anything like that sadly.- No way to teleport back to your ship once you are at the core of the planet. You MUST dig your way all the way back up if you want your ore on Survival difficulty. No potions or tech to help you out at some kind of cost or anything. It would seem like a chellange but it's really just a pain in the butt.Now don't get me wrong. These are not all the bad things about the game but on the other hand, while it does have LOTS of problems atm, it does as well a lot of good stuff.- Playing with friends was never easier. (A really cool feature is that if you are playing with someone who is connected to the same modem/router, even if internet connection drops for some reason, it won't kick you out of your friends lobby, in fact, even if you joined over Steam to your friends game, it will automatically switch to LAN and keep a steady connection. Not bad...)- Insane ammounts of high quality content.- Farming has never been so rewarding because of the insane amount of cooking recepies which are a blast to explore.- Building your own towns with NPCs to live in them.- Catching Pokemon is a thing!- Great huge world to explore with lots of great NPCs.Hopefully the performance problems will be patched soon after this review but even with all the problems this game has as of right now, I can still very much recommend it. I had a great time playing thru it and will do again."
76561198291023798,Recommended,211820,24991409,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,vettelevy,starbound is amzing
,Recommended,211820,14298577,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Myrasis,"1) Find village, prison, lab, etc.2) Kill everyone3) Next planet4) Repeat5) ???6) Profit11/10 would kill again"
76561198066269518,Recommended,211820,14299167,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,A cute baby monkey,I don't think I've loved being hated so much before!
76561198095995534,Recommended,211820,21014467,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Olive,ABSOLUTALLY  GOURGEUSSS  i love this game everyone should have it!!
,Recommended,211820,19200041,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Who dat boy?  csgoroll.com,Жду апдейта с:
76561198128203103,Recommended,211820,24456045,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Zorpox,"Just go on your Ship and fly away, into another world... I don't know how to tell you how incredibly wonderful this game is. You have a unlimited Galaxy which just waits for you to discover. Meet exotic or even crazy Planets, Biomes, Settelments, Monsters, People, Weapones and more. The Atmosphere of this game still takes ma after all this hours of playing. There are so many posibilities and even more to explore, so it is hard to descripe. Just buy this game and see yourself, you can thank me later."
76561198261958933,Recommended,211820,24468623,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Lancer Octivus,"Very good game, has an enourmous amount of items, a rasonable story and great building. It could use a little character development, but it's not an RPG. Overall I would've bought it for double the price. It's that good."
,Recommended,211820,9378070,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,폴,Amazing.
,Recommended,211820,14013055,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Blueruby(≧ω≦),Its like terraria but with space ships.Enough said.
,Recommended,211820,18462593,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Buiscit SLEEZE,"Starbound is a good game, maybe not the best, but good. For being an unfinished game, you can tell it is getting very close to its end goal. At the moment, it is quite repetitive, but does have some side-projects and games to keep it from being just straight on mining and crafting all the way through. It may be unfinished, but it still is worth buying to try it out for the time being. Just don't expect it to be too easy to privately play with your friends just yet!"
76561198126404524,Recommended,211820,29802729,Posted: 9 February,all,The ArchMage,"The game in and of itself is a game that has many possibilities. From multiplayer to singleplayer, you could do any number of things. Including but not limiited to these things. I will start with Multiplayer and get down to singleplayer.Multiplayer:1. Roleplay with friends2. Make new friends3. Make weapons using starcheat and other programs and putting them back into the game as reskinned, giving said item new functions.4. LUA Script Weapons (requires knowledge of LUA Scripts)Singleplayer:1. Pretty decent storyline2. Some eastereggs from the RL world if you are willing to find them within the files of the game or by looking at desc of items.3. Some cool NPC'sI would suggest getting this game as it is my second alltime favorite game."
76561198200347097,Recommended,211820,19897333,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,VithFaalseAl,"This game is a lot of fun, I love all the different creatures I find while exploring other planets and all the cool things I can build. Great game and is definitely worth the purchase"
,Recommended,211820,29797876,Posted: 9 February,all,Bastion Aralus,"apart from what i can only assume was a glitch where all my bookmarks, teleport points, and shops unlocked dissapeared, Starbound is AWESOME"
76561198195337174,Recommended,211820,17078080,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,RainSquid,i love it
76561198136344963,Recommended,211820,17115922,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Asuna,I compleatlt recomend this
,Recommended,211820,17114036,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Vegeta,Very fun but mining can be very tedious at the start of the game. The technology stuff is really cool and how you can travel to different planets in your spaceship. Character customisation is much better than that of Terraria (different races are awesome).
76561198089464771,Recommended,211820,17069889,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Forester,"great game just wish it would come to humble bundle so some of my friends could afford, i bought it early access, so yea"
76561198093187812,Recommended,211820,17078370,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Black Radio,"There are games we wish exsist and this is one of them, a world of the starbounders, on an endless quest to find a new home or to what ever is your hearts disire. the universe is large and I never had explord it all.this is a game that you will love. it is a happy but dark game with a chidlish side and a universe with storys to be told.from a Starbounder, Black Radio"
76561198079905076,Recommended,211820,24511216,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,jihadx29,"I bought this game in the early access days of starbound. Being honest, it is really great sandbox game as Terria.You could play through planets, different environment or difficulty. There are plenty of ways to play this game.I really love this game, and I didn't play it after beating the last boss in the early access.Because I want to wait for the version 1.0 !!!!!!!After getting the news of 1.0 version showing up, I downloaded it immediately.It show up a lot of different stuffs!!!! Make this game more playful.But the lag issue, FPS, crashing when I fight the boss is a pain in my♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!!I checked the requirement on the steam store, I got more them what they recommend.After disable the steam overlay, win 10 background app, launch game without Steam, use notepad ++, run different zoom, play in fullscreen. I literally try different methods I found, but only slightly improved.It probably because my computer is not good enough to play, but hope they will fix all the bugs or problem people talked about.But still it is a great game, I just hope they could fix it !!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,24777032,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Deadeyerapinator,"So. When i first stepped foot on starbound i though it was like terraria or minecraft but i was completely wrong i decided to pre order the game since i had extra money to spend as i wanted to get a new game. When i received starbound when it realesed i had no idea what i wast stepping into three years ago.When i started i was in shock, i had realised this isnt like the most games i had in my computer,if you fast forward a few years i was HOOKED  the always upadating gameplay made me happy,when i played the nightly version i was amazed new updates every day?!Man you devs mustve worked hard.Well let me just make this quick if you want to buy the game GO FOR IT! its something the majority would probably love...~Raptor, the starbound fan that should probably get outside more"
,Recommended,211820,24651429,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,-=EdVuXaS=-,A definite buy.
,Recommended,211820,19899830,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,JDOGWIN,this game will entrap you in the amazing world trying to find everything and beat the bosses i have spent many days just enjoying this game i highly reccomend it
,Recommended,211820,7935571,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Saint Satan,"Terraria 2.0.  It's a lot of fun but it has a long ways to go, which is why it's in beta."
,Recommended,211820,14578095,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Aslimshot,"Great game, I would say its the best adventure game on steam,"
76561198079618312,Recommended,211820,14892697,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,OneSaltyPotato,I just want to starve again...
,Recommended,211820,14301434,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nudelmensch,One of the best games i played so far
,Recommended,211820,14272791,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,closedsocket,"Fun game. Nice to see new content. Well worth the price.Multiplayer is a lot of fun, exploring planets and solar systems together."
,Recommended,211820,14316966,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Rehad,"My friends dont wanna play with me this gameBut this game so perfect (i dont like terraria)My friend♥♥♥♥♥love Terraria so much and he say 'Starbound for gays'420\420Nice game.....................,,-'´ . . . _,,,,,';:-,.......................................,-(c\ \`;-=´,_,-~-, \`.................................,/ . . .¯'\, º ,/.'-~°,' .¯`'-,............................./ . . . . . .¯,_ ~--~',, . . .'\...........................| . . . . . . . . ¯¨¨¨(̅_̅_̅_̅((_̅_̲̅м̲̅a̲̅я̲̅i̲̅j̲̅u̲̅a̲̅n̲̅a̲̅̅_̅_̅_̅() ڪے.................| . . . . . . . , . . . .`'-, . . . |........................../\ . . . . . . .""-,,,-'~-~' . . . '|.......................,/'`\,`'-, . . . . . . . . . . . . . . /\..........░█▀▄░█░█░█▀█░░█▀▀░▀█▀░█▀▀░█▀█░░█░█░█░█░█▀▀█░▀▀█░░█░░█▀▀░█▀▀░░▀▀░░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀▀▀░░▀░░▀▀▀░▀░░░４２０　ｂｕｒｅｉｚｕ　ｉｔｔｏ　ｆｇｔ・"
76561198044340050,Recommended,211820,14982798,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,HumanPikachu,"First time review, applogies for errors--------------------------------------Pros-great art-great music-great modding community-near countless worlds to explore/conquer-large number of races with unique items/ships/armorsCons-lengthy periods between stable updates-equaly slow to update modding community-penquins not playable race"
,Recommended,211820,14991993,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,HitmanMoneyMaker,"played alot of this game got to admit its very fun and i cant wait for full release, this game could out beat terraria if put alot of effort into it!"
76561198082663031,Recommended,211820,14238652,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Darth Revan,This game has its gloomy days but now it is just marvelous...looking foward for more suprises from chucklefish!
76561198149052897,Recommended,211820,14239887,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,themcintoshcrew,"I love starbound. Its basically Terraria in space. but 100 times better. They continously update the game(despite what some players say!), adding lots of new content each time. All in all, one of my favorite games!"
,Recommended,211820,14865339,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Mutater,THIS GAME IS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥AWESOME!!!
76561198049420841,Recommended,211820,24514754,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mando Rath'Darr,I've spent thw whole Five years looking forward to this game sens its inception.I've played through the rough beta phases to now and all in all In my honest opinion is was worth it and I will list my Pros and cons as such.Cons-Kinda grindy-requires alot of free timePros-When you have the time it's amazing-Music-atmosphere-variety of planets and their Biomes(starts outslow but branches out)-Combat feels great-being able to choose your progression by either minning or farming-ModsStarbound is an early access Done right and you won't regret spending 15$ on this game if enjoy sandbox games with a unique story!
76561198088086391,Recommended,211820,14236910,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Inzil,"First of all, I´ve played minecraft, Terraria and many more games based on this genre, but let me say that Starbound has It all ! Wonderful worlds with an amazing soundtrack in the background while you´re Fighting and exploring your way through the different universes - you can visit with your personally Starship !!A friend of mine and me played this game on the release date, we played 2 whole weekends through, and cleared the whole content of the game, but wait - now there´s again a big Winter Update, so we started a new character together, and hopefully It´ll take more than 40 hours to clear this game again."
,Recommended,211820,14239616,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Grong,"I just love this game, I slowly understand stuff in this game, but I have a lot to learn. :)One of my favorite pixel game so far. <3"
,Recommended,211820,14805474,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,☭ Viet As Fuck,"Get all the ores, crafted all the tools, build all the walls... get killed by the lighting boss, lose everything. Sick game!"
,Recommended,211820,24515974,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Bruno,"I`ve been watching Stabound scince crowdfunding started and as soon as i could i bought on steam.played 78Hrs at this momment and i can only say good things about this game,The graphic style is pretty the mechanics work great and what i like more the soundtrack is amazing, i can sit for hours just listening to it.-Stabound is an excellent game and playing it with friend is very fun, i recommend it to enyone that likes a good sandbox and exploration experience.sorry for any english mistakes. :v"
76561198007098206,Recommended,211820,14238017,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Lolomancer,Fresh mechanics to sandbox concept. Recommended if you like Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,14307140,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,You Got Rory's BoyShorts!,"When i first picked up starbond (around 5 or six months ago) i was pleasently surprised at the level of detail that had gone into the early bata phase, a massive galixy to eplore, pillage and create. six races to chose from. and a whack-tone of building materials, items and decorations to keep you buisey forever. though, i was dissapointed by one all-too real fact: my adhd would never allow me to be patient enough with the slow progression that accompanied this masterpeice. I would never see the rest of the universe because i would get too board trying to do so. Thus, i cast this little gem away in hopes of a return that would make me want to pick it up and never tel go; then came the winter update.I was blown away when i first saw the steam advert. I decided to resurect my copy and give it one more shot at wowing me, it knocked my freak'n socks off! a new race, better combat and enimie AI, other worlds no-longer seem so out of reach, the galaxy seems so full of life an culture, and best of all: MOTHER FLIPP'N BUG CATCHING!!! the game has redemed itsself in my eyes, and it belongs in (almost) every pc gamer's collection."
,Recommended,211820,14254013,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Bloodright,latest update changed everything!  Loving it!
76561198098805463,Recommended,211820,15569887,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,XxCommanderBeast,THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!(Not A Bot)
76561198011513347,Recommended,211820,14842990,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,catwolf123,i love the game <3 <3 <3 <3 x x x x x o o o o o o
76561198100270820,Recommended,211820,17740918,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Nadmash,"Digging simulator, I wake up thinking about digging and I go to sleep and dream about digging.10/10 would dig again... and then some."
76561198092677008,Recommended,211820,8628585,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,SGT.Muffin badger,"highly recommend this for people who like free roam ,rpg,loot system. worth the money and plenty of servers to play on. always good updates that add more gameplay and every planet is diffrent. SO YES BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561198046998624,Recommended,211820,12242803,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Inorganic Antiseptic,"Space Terraria! What's not to like? Can be a bit laggy and may require some troubleshooting to optimize and the intergalactic focus makes it harder to, as a player, settle down and build than in Terraria, but there is a depth of content and enough room for future expansion to make it worthwhile."
,Recommended,211820,10597224,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,B.,"Great game, but still working out a few hitches. Pixels are the most annoying currency I've come across - either lose it all or lose some to storage. Combat can be glitchy, and drops don't always happen. However, a good amount of room for creativity and lots of worlds to explore."
76561198052940155,Recommended,211820,10665035,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Papargyropoulou,Really fun open world game :)
76561198073432812,Recommended,211820,10544063,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Full Metal Cardigan,"Great game. It is well worth the cost, and has a ton of potential."
76561198077024607,Recommended,211820,13158156,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Mantic Marksman,"This game is Awesome! Ive played more than 70 hours on this game, and I still have things to do, the secret is that Chucklefish games has made a great platform for anyone to go in and mod there game so there are tons of mods that you can get on their website and they are super easy to install, simply drag and drop the mod file/folder you downloaded into the mod folder in starbound, and presto! You now have acesse to more than 50 hours worth of content.I spent roughly 20 hours with the vanilla game, its good but you can tell it's not quite finished yet, no bugs but not enough progression. If you want to fight tons of bosses get terraria, cause right now they only have 4 or 5 but the mods add so much in the way of building and so much more. If you like terraria or sidescrollers or adventure games or sci-fi games get this game. Its well worth your time."
76561198214497459,Recommended,211820,24774520,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,悲しい,"Oh my lord, this game is great!I played it all the way through, and It was worth a day of my life."
,Recommended,211820,24473529,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Technica,"very awesome game, the best thing i can say is that it REALLY needs a map :/"
76561197991579269,Recommended,211820,24486777,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Snob Goblin,"When this game was still in Early access I really couldn't give it a recomendation. It suffered from slow development and frankly horrible community management but now that its out I feel I should rethink my oppinion a bit and talk more about the end product.Its pretty good over all, the game runs mostly smooth for me with some slowdown in crowded places.The mission system is easy enugh to grasp and gives you something to do when your not sandboxing arround.Crafting isn't horribly tedious althogh I do find it annoyingly slow at timesMost importantly with steam workshop support modding it is easy and at least for now theres a deacently acctive community behind it.Do I recomend this game? yes as it is now Starbound is woth its 16.99 Canadian price tag."
,Recommended,211820,24769696,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,justin,Starbound= Amazing
,Recommended,211820,17566963,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Unease_Bison,"This may seem like terraria, buts its not. I have played this game, and it's a game that rly takes alot of time to play, and it's not really my game, but it's still a VERY good game. I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys terraria!"
76561198077269779,Recommended,211820,14522837,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,scary,The game is about getting buckets
76561198289501825,Recommended,211820,24512647,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,mortalcloth,"So i was her before 1.0 (as many people are) and let me just say....im...speecheless!While I was waiting for 1.0 since it was taking a while and well...i just gave up on the game...then 1.0 came and might i say...AMAZING! More new user freindly and an amazing new storyline AND great grapics (pixels can better than smooth graphics sometimes, THIS IS ONE OF THOSE TIMES) so WTF ARE YOU DOING READING MY REVIEW...GET IT!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,24514467,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,[N-cognito],"If you're looking for a fun, sandbox-like game with high modding capability, this is the game for you. Great visuals, amazing theme, and a Outstanding soundtrack.Doesn't feel as well-run as it used to, though. While the new story-line and everything is great, they removed a lot of content and variability between the races.With the latest update, they added new cutscenes, missions, bosses, and other things, but they removed differences between starter weaponry (One of the races had guns, while the rest had varying swords) and craftable armor is still only visually different between races. The tool bar is much clunkier compared to the original one, as all items are kept in 6 pairs/two-hands instead of the original 10 slot bar. Consumables are no longer stackable, and rot away. This making farming extremely annoying because you have to keep crafting storage to hold all the damn food that'll eventually become useless. In the earlier builds there were plenty more star-types to visit, and you actually had to do things to unlock them, not just equip a new back item you made with RnG drop items.Hopefully, with the option of mods, someone will make something that brings back some of the old features the starbound veterans miss.I'd recommend this for people who haven't played the game before, as to someone who never saw the beta/Early-access stages, this game is amazing. However, if you've ever played this before, be it on a friends account or you just own it, it's not really worth revisiting"
76561198132142954,Recommended,211820,22945274,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Grim00,This game is amazing. However it does have it's flaws like trying to play with friends (finding a good server is next to impossible) but there is single player with four player co-op coming with 1.0 in the end wait for 1.0 to release or dont because they'll probally raise the price.This game is worth your time.
76561198256869931,Recommended,211820,22915191,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,kazutech1992,"Overall, it's a great game. Think of terraria, but with steroids! but i think you should wait for the 1.0 release for more better gameplay.-explore random planets-dig for the core fragments ore-found a place that full of bones-met mysterious yeti creature-died.9/10 for more creepy world, plz include ghost too!"
76561198123448239,Recommended,211820,24829021,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Awesomejosh108,Love the game! been playing since beta 3.0
76561198225219396,Recommended,211820,22933404,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,MadGamer,"I've played this game for 1512 hours, that's over 2 months worth of non-stop gaming. 10/10 would question my life choices again"
76561198154712996,Recommended,211820,22947102,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Duck,I got this game i think 4 days ago and it is my favorite by far 1.0 hype is real
76561198274339929,Recommended,211820,22955312,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,[ILL]AimlessimpOrcarated,"this game is great and those complaining about not being able to destroy dungeons and making them easier, delayed promised content, and so forth, dont listen to them. this game is still in beta. its not even in 1.0 yet. you dont get all the stuff they promise right way during early access and even then its a small team not a full team like bethesda or DICE. They even said day 1 and well before then that this game will have major changes so expect it. Starbound might not be for all but atleast its listen to the people playing the game and striviving to make it better unlike most big game devs. I was on of the ppl who watched the live stream uploading of them uploading the game to steam. I will admit there are a lot of things i cant wait to see but i have the patience to wait. This game could have been set to no one gets to play until it hits 1.0 but instead we get to experince the game as it grows as well as be part of it."
,Recommended,211820,23425280,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,hlindegar,"Excellent game, definitely worth the money."
76561198140678583,Recommended,211820,23419089,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,leochan♌,is a good game
76561198272039049,Recommended,211820,23430298,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,kookiekrysp,"I felt a need to write this review because some of the other reviews almost convinced me not to buy this game. This is not me saying those reviews are wrong because I think a lot of those people have been playing this game for years so they know what they are talking about. However, I don't have years of experience (and disappointment) with this game. I didn’t play it when it focused more on survival, and I have no clue what the developers have changed and removed over the years. If I did know all of that stuff, I might not like the game either. However,  I bought this because I love Terraria and I wanted to play something similar, and this game more than fulfilled that need.This is not a Terraria clone. In fact, it seems like they tried hard not to copy too many things from terraria. Sure it focuses on building, mining, and combat, but this is no more a copy of Terraria than Terraria is a copy of Minecraft.The gameplay was familiar enough that I wasn't too overwhelmed, and the more I play the more I realize how much content this game has. I could spend hours on one planet alone and not even scratch the surface of what it has to offer, but there are also plenty of missions that give me a feeling of progress and help point me in the right direction.I love the way cooking and farming have been implemented, the scenery is beautiful, and this game truly feels like something I will be playing for years.If I had one complaint, it would be that there is almost too much going on. I find that I have to force myself to focus on one task at a time and not get distracted, but that  means I always have the feeling that I am missing something. There isn’t quite enough information given within the game, and since it has changed so much over the years it’s hard to find information online that is valid for current gameplay. Hopefully once 1.0 is released, it will be easier to find valid information.If you like Terraria, you need to give this one a try. Don't let the negative reviews scare you away like I almost did. Like I said, I’m sure those people know what they are talking about, but I honestly think this game is well worth the fifteen bucks. I have played games that cost much more and they didn't come close to having this much content and enjoyment."
76561198262500405,Recommended,211820,24184789,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Salty_Doritos,its like alien and starwars had a baby
,Recommended,211820,23290917,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sabrina,"I absolutely LOVE this game. I definitely got my $15 worth of it, and it's still in early access. If they add more to the game, it could only make it even better."
76561198204715668,Recommended,211820,23300094,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Seraphíze,"NOTE: 90% of the negative reviews for this game are due to the fact that the removed the survival system. But if those people actually paid attention, they would know that its coming back as a revamped optional gamemode in the next update or so (1.0 i.e the launch of the game)A charming 2D action platformer/block building game similar to Terraria, except this game has A.a  random-gen weapoon system with dual wielding ensures that there is no 'best weapon' (*cough*TrueTerraBlade*cough*). B. Alternate character creation feels worthwile with multiple completely different races; and C. NPC's are more than just walking shops that will buy dirt from you because you gave them a wooden shack in your prison-system of barely habitable huts.11/10 would invade a space monkey labratory with my electric sniper rifle wielding bird-man with a banana on my head again."
,Recommended,211820,24169097,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Beemaster3000,"Terraria in space with cute artstyle, interesting lore and devs with short attention spans(?)Even at the moment of writing I cant grasp the amount of content largely silly and sometimes kinda pointless.There are also mods so that is fun.You can dual wield weapons and farm peas.Hopefully its even better on full release"
,Recommended,211820,24223745,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Larry,"I quite enjoyed the game. Though you run out of stuff to do, before it gets repetive, after you finish the main quests.Pros:- Story is engaging enough(+0.5)- Characters have their own personnality, feels unique (+1)- No DLCs {Appart from soundtrack} (+1)- Great music and sounds FX (+1)- Visuals are beautiful in pixel art standards (+1)Cons:- Quite alot of bugs, especially in multiplayer (-1)- Quests, appart from the main ones, are litterally copy and paste (-0.5)- Optimazation is a big issue, though you might not have trouble running it 60fps 1080p a most times, it lags quite alot, and has visual artifacts when using more thant one monitor (-1)Overall review: 4.5 / 7 pleasant game."
,Not Recommended,211820,28338314,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Mr. Jack,"When its working, Starbound is a great game, however it has the tendancy to suddenly ""break"" itself: deleting characters, worlds, progress and sometimes failing to even start. I cannot recommend the game in its current state as I have to uninstall and reinstall it every time I wish to play. I understand this may not be the same with most people I have certainly noticed a large ammount of complaints on the Chucklefish Forums.At the moment it is a bit of a broken mess, there are the makings of a good game here but at the moment the only thing that works well is the uninstall..."
,Recommended,211820,23571947,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Random Dude,Still in beta still awesome Starbound copied Terraria but I say Terraria is the past and Starbound is the future! thats why my character general Logan is 23  in Terraria but monkeys took over eath and the humans were set a drift and now General Logan Is 80 years old. If you know Terraria then you probably agree!
76561198184199055,Recommended,211820,25241874,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,ナイト３７,"I've played Terraria for a long time, and when I transitioned to Starbound it was amazing. The concept of traveling to distant stars and visiting other planets blew my mind. The game gave diversity in the different races you can choose, which impacts the starship, its upgrades, and even your craftable armor. There are just so many different types of decorations you can place. I really love how you have the traditional Hylotl homes and then you explore the ocean to find this High-tech Neo-Japanese Underwater Atlantis Hyloyl paradise. Or if you visit a forest world you stumble across a Communist Apex Town and as you venture out you find an Apex Resistance camp. I think this game is a lot of fun and very diverse."
76561197961373511,Recommended,211820,29788901,Posted: 8 February,all,Psychedelic Warlord,1st death....starvation2nd death....starvation3rd death.....starvation4th death....starvation5th death....starvationI'm still playing.
,Recommended,211820,14235730,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,treenut,"The game isn't updated very frequently and there have been some serious issues with the devs not doing what they say they will. Also there is a point when the game will get boring with not much left to do or explore. That being said, I did have a lot of fun with it and got a good 60 hours out of it. I still go back and play for large updates that can make the game more fresh again. The devs seem to have some good things planned for the future. Is it worth the $15 price tag? I think so."
,Recommended,211820,17823863,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Mutemaster,It has plants with boobs.
76561198076000664,Recommended,211820,17747096,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TickleTickle,fun
,Recommended,211820,18450257,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,JUST CAUSE 3 ROCKS,fun. like terraria better. bUT FUN!!!!
,Recommended,211820,24473348,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ChaosUncaged,"Yeah, it's great."
,Recommended,211820,18459160,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,OurLordAndSavior,"Don't get me wrong, Starbound is a very good game with Outstanding scenery and alot of amazing features such as Ship upgrading, pets ETC. That is why i recommend Starbound, But Starbound Could be alot better if it still had the hunger bar and was still actually hard. There is almost no point in starting a farm without the hunger bar and you can get some of the best gear in just 1 day. It would also be cool if the planets and dungeons were larger for the best exploring experience, but that won't stop me from having fun exploring the infinite planets Starbound has to offer. I also recommend playing with a friend (These types of games are alot more fun with friends)"
,Recommended,211820,8349541,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sup T,yes
,Recommended,211820,18454607,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Flutterzoey,Fun.
,Recommended,211820,19611194,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Xaftos,Absolutely amazing game. Gameplay is something very unique and I can spend hours at a time in this game. Seriously recommend to anybody who is interested in trying it.
76561198090881091,Recommended,211820,13569258,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,EgoAmariDigna,"I love Starbound, i really think it's cool that you actually loop around the worlds and end back where you were, i haven't ever seen that done in a game, I also like your other Game (Terraria)."
,Not Recommended,211820,24490329,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,life089,yeah just dont please
,Recommended,211820,24528708,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,RippleFX,Love this game. Unique amongst many in the same genre.
76561198151277975,Recommended,211820,24489902,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Liberty Prime,This is a very good game and i would most certainly recomend it after playing the game for many hours in early acess i would buy it if i were you!
76561197960436733,Recommended,211820,9998411,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,PsiShock101,"Do not let the Early Alpha business turn you away. If you liked Terraria, you will adapt quickly and absolutely love this game. It's tough to figure out the differences first, but the changes to how you build and how items are organized are phenominal. Building is quicker and more precise. In the beginning, you can't construct terribly much and you may or may not find an NPC village nearby. The depth to the game blows Terraria out of the water and improves upon it in almost every way. BUTThis game is not an exact replica of Terraria. There is so much randomly generated content that exploring is hardly ever boring. And an almost infinite amount of things to find and do. It starts out slow until you figure out what you need to do. Also, dig up some coal and explore nearby planets early. Seriously. Try this game out if you've played something similar. It is enjoyable and it's money well spent."
,Recommended,211820,10842201,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Mufin McFlufin,Great game. Tons of content with even more being added regularly. Very much recommended.
76561198054118852,Recommended,211820,10012516,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,CabbageToenail,An angel man flew in from the heavens and gave me 15 flamethrowers whilst playing Zelda songs on his banjo10/10xox
,Recommended,211820,10023350,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Mousepad724,I like dis it gud
,Recommended,211820,10027374,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Starcry,Amazing and time will fly by before you know it. It is also great to play with friends.
76561198118309902,Recommended,211820,10822562,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Humen Crab,"This is one of the few hundred games that are based on creativity and minor objectives, personally and overall this game out withs starbound mainly becase of the improvments and extra creation ship for an unfinished game its very better than the finished on Terarria. If i were you and didint have  this game summer sale is up i would buy this game."
,Recommended,211820,9993916,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,too,"Much Star, Such Bound. Seriously, this game is amazing. 10-10. Would play again, oh wait I can."
,Recommended,211820,10013892,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Neo-sama,"3 hari straight main, bro. And God bless all the Starbound modders."
,Recommended,211820,10030754,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Othabor,"YES YES YES! I find this more simply, and more varied than Terraria. Plus, it's FAR more randomized. Definitely something you want in your library."
,Recommended,211820,10029868,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Jewy,this game is so fun just the exporing is fun you can fly through space or live on one planet and make a huge civilization there one of the best games ever
,Recommended,211820,17620405,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Gizoopy,"It is a very fun 2d game. There are lots of missions ,you can travel trough solar systems, there are some bosses and the best of all lots of planets where you can build on and you can explore evry planet who knows you find a village or a tempel. What does a game need more!?"
,Recommended,211820,24486340,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BuBiT,"You start on your broken spaceship near a planet. After repairing ship teleporter, you start exploring your first planet...In full game was added 'story', so I won't tell you more about the start, but I can tell you that this game is awesome. It's like Terraria, but in space. You use your spaceship, that is upgradeble, to travel from planet to planet, each is different so it's always fun.Finding new equip, materials, cosmetic items and more, so you want to explore more and more. There are three different play styles in end game so you can play it anew. If you have friends to play with, it's more fun, like every game.10/10 One of the best games I ever played."
,Recommended,211820,13756876,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Griffen,"Love it, very similar to Terraria but get Terraria before you get Starbound because Terraria has loads more content in my opinion. Get it if you want though its a great game!"
76561198026766748,Recommended,211820,24465980,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Nurutiki,"EAsily became one of my favorite games. Buy if you enjoy fighters, explorers, shooters, and space faring games."
,Not Recommended,211820,26127154,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Voxicore,"Around the time it was released this game was amazing. It was Terraria with a far better look, space exploration, and procedurally generated planets. You could get up into space within half an hour. Since most of the updates it's become pretty generic and boring. The quests/scripted parts and the introduction of a storyline has pretty much ruined what it was. The basic guideline quests (how to get the bosses and then into space) were great before with carrying on exploring on your own and getting further and further away, but now there's so much hindering that open world feel that it's not very enjoyable anymore.That's just how I feel anyway, everybody is different, I just wish there was a 'classic' option that disables all the new things."
,Recommended,211820,24558089,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Raanch,"This game HAS improved a ton since beta a few years ago. The base game is now able to be built upon, and if future content patches happen, much like Terraria's developement plan, this game will be a good game and worth full price.Early and midgame is well fleshed out. Endgame needs more content, just like Terraria years ago. Keep tabs on this game."
76561198007691854,Not Recommended,211820,24600492,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Decafate,"Crashes over and over.......I'm sure it's great if you can get it to work, but not for me."
76561198137508562,Recommended,211820,10957618,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Orion Shock,"One of my favorites play it all the time! And now many years later, still lovin' it."
,Recommended,211820,11050171,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Logic,I actually recommend this game to anybody who loves Open World Games but the problem is that the game can sometimes get boring but as u see i only have 36 Hrs on record i know i dont have to many hrs but the gme is fun I've beaten the game on previous Updates but i kinda grew tired of not having my saves in certain updates i havent played for a while so i would'nt know if they fixed that up so Enjoy the game if u decide to get it
76561198099283859,Recommended,211820,14452021,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,ⓢⓐⓓ| Sailor Poon,"This game has given me hours of fun with in both multiplayer and singleplayer. The idea behind it is great and certainly entertaining. Exploration, combat, and mining are all really fun! The game is all-around solid, but I think I speak for a majority of players when I say there is a major coding problem. For whatever reason, this game is programmed only to use resources from your CPU. Meaning that if you don't have a strong CPU, the game will lag pretty badly., regardless of your graphics card. Not to the point where it's un-playable, but it's really annoying. There is no excuse to have a 2D side-scroller to have 15-20 FPS. This needs to be fixed. Overall, I'd recommand the game, but tread with caution. :)"
,Recommended,211820,14614899,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Xiph,"Great Concept, but wait for the full thing.Even with the huge patch which just hit still not really enough content.Game is going in the right direction and is alive with a strong dev team behind it."
76561198040928441,Recommended,211820,14629601,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,MapleHero,I have enjoyed Starbound since its beggining and I am happy to see that it is still alive. The new update really made the game a lot more fun. I hghly recommend this game to anyone who is into 2D games. If you arent you should still buy this game and enjoy it.
,Recommended,211820,14307113,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,AtomicxCupcake,Played this game a little over 20 hours now and loving it!
,Recommended,211820,14476737,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Beast Slayer,"This game is art, this game is soul, this game is what this culture needs to survive... sure there will allays some stupid Mushroom cloud in this culture, but that only makes this more amazing by comparisoni know the art is hyper-generic, i know the combat system is stupid but i do not care, because that is part of the charm. the entire starting universe is lame bland and predictable, but the player is the one to put their own spin on it, turn their castle ship into Farmer Joe's Cornfeild, go roaming the universe with a cowboy hat or make a paintball arena on a dead planet... which we did on a whim and had such a great payoff.i know this feels unfinished, but that makes it ever more tantalizing, because this game, in early beta, has one hundred and fifty hours of playtime, while the unnamed game which many people claim that this is a ripoff of... has only fifteen minutes, because this thing feels like it has only scratched the surface of it's potential, and yet feels even more wholesome, encompassing, and unique. the races deserve a line and that line is... these may feel a bit generic, but when you actually look at the time, the philosophies, effort and lore they put into seven separate races... you want to pack you bags and move to this galaxy. Unlike other popular games, which are pretentious, silly and just make a lot a noise for the sake of noise, this thing is light, simple and sweet in telling a very simple message, in a very unique way that makes it actually viable...Go and explore"
,Recommended,211820,14610964,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Suureal,"After the big winter update it's well worth playing it again. I've so far played all races and updated all their ships to the 5th stage, now it's exploring and collecting. Just don't forget, the game is not finished and who knows when this will happen, myself I haven't experienced many bugs and I hope it stays that way.What I really like about this game is- the variety of planets, loots, biomes- the different races and race related furniture/outfits, etc.- how easy it is to switch stuff between charactersand most of all:- the sandbox character of it allI wish those things will come:- you used to have to have a campfire when going on a cold planet, that's gone now, but I hope it comes back again.- I hope weather has more of an effect on races- All races should have an advantage over the others, for instance the fish race shoud be much faster on ocean planets, but halfdead on arid ones- Upgrading your ship should be much harder, like 1k of dias for the last one would be fun.If you like running around without having a plan, wondering about looting and exploring this is a game for you. Also you can build and be creative too!"
76561198054728114,Not Recommended,211820,15894778,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Tyra Wadman,"It boasted the aesthetics and building of Terraria and the Exploration of Minecraft but failed to follow through.After 2 years of patiently waiting I invest about 18 hours into the game to find out what has changed. Not much. Not within a 2 year time period. Contacting them personally with bugs and feedback has resulted in an automatic response directing me to the forums/FAQ.I have encountered bugs that prevent me from advancing to other planets, bugs in quests such as Tutorial and Dreadwing. I have an awesome gun, or it would be awesome if it actually damaged certain enemies like it's supposed to.Extreme lag happens when in places with a large number of enemies or survivors. Single Player. Not Multiplayer.If you like digging up dirt and other basic materials with no intention to expand, by all means get the game. I wouldn't recommend it otherwise. I only say that because by the time it's 'finished' it will probably be outdated.Pros:Variety of races to choose fromEmotions expressed via arrow keysLayered Equipment, so you can keep a high defense and wear gear that changes your outward appearanceBookmarks- to keep track of what planets you want to settle on"
,Recommended,211820,15874289,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Craig Seidel,"Instruments , Fake Licences , Upgradable ships , Upgradable Tools , Open World , Moon Ghosts , Starbound.."
,Recommended,211820,15774025,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,jellydotjar,"This game is amazing, the developers of the game are active and the game itself has countless hours of playtime and fun. With the developers constantly updating the game it just gets better and better, This was the first steam game I have ever bought and I don't regret it."
,Recommended,211820,15797419,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Zen Possum,"Really good game. Yes, it's a little bit of a Terraria ripoff, but it's certainly not a bad one and it's those different parts that are the best. Still needs something, but that is to be expected from an early access game. The recent updates made it really good and tied up a lot of loose ends but it still needs more. My favourite part of the game was the ability which the player has to travel between infinite worlds to collect infinite resources and how a planet's coordinates can be shared between players if you find something interesting. I have played through one full character in the newest version and seen it all. However, it doesn't end there. Large scale building projects are always fun to make.I'd rate it 8.5/10, keeping in mind its early development. Great game Chucklefish and keep updating!"
,Recommended,211820,19840832,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Reyes,Do you enjoy falling to your death a lot? If you do you will love this game.
76561198084391809,Recommended,211820,23769245,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Nikoala,Awesome and excellent game ! Buy it with no hesitation !
,Recommended,211820,23702290,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,juliengenaromena,it is an infinite game !
76561198188342095,Recommended,211820,23811483,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,troytrojan01,i dont like this game... I LOVE IT I LIKE TERRARIA THIS GAME IS COOL TOO AND I THINK ITS AMAZING!!
76561198140841783,Recommended,211820,24065608,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Nozfirato,"Into the endless depths of the universe, aboard your very own upgradable ship, looting entire planets and dominating alien species... Terraria eat my afterburn!"
,Recommended,211820,24004983,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Creepy Cow,"I bought this for Christmas, and it hasn't failed to impress.It's got multiplayer, it's got an amazing soundtrack, and it's got beautiful and mysterious planet generation.What more could you want?"
76561198136942207,Recommended,211820,24174522,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,skrub,"The game is fun and all, But it isn't that fun when you have finished 2 missions,Got new weapons and stuff, Then your game all the sudden brings you back to the main menu, and deletes all the progress you've made.Afterall,it's Still overall a fun game to play."
,Recommended,211820,24253929,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Dolsemand,"not gonna lie, this is definitely me when im in love with a game"
,Recommended,211820,24263824,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,big kuf,"good game, runs smoothly"
,Recommended,211820,24408217,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,TypicalGamingGeek,amazing game and cant wait for the release on 22nd july
,Recommended,211820,16634394,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Koriflux,"Starbound is a game that promised a lot (from what I've seen). However, people aren't happy with the game. I, for one, am glad to have the game. If one were to follow what was happening with the game's progression, they would understand that the developers are trying to please all people (which is impossible). Like one review states, the community is split in two: people who praise the developers, and people who criticize the developers.Off the topic of the community and development, the game is currently playable and is fun (and depending on your mood, addicting). While it lacks in some features, one must remember Early Access and pre-order game are like an investment. There is no real way to determine how these games will turn out, even if they are nearly finished with development. As of right now, it is fun as it is.For those looking at the survival aspect of the game that was promised, it was removed due to it not meeting the developer's standards. It will be back in later update, along with better difficulty definitionsSourceIn the mean time, it is a great game to play if you wish to explore/fight creatures/build. This is where it meets its sandbox definition."
,Recommended,211820,16663900,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Space Jackie Chan,i love this game. i look forward to future additions and updates.   12/10don't let me down
,Recommended,211820,16670911,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Bit,Addicting and full of potential
,Recommended,211820,17743027,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Thrallord,"With well over a hundred hours invested into this long ""Early Access"" game, I feel I should share some insight and an opinion on the games status and worth. To be fair, it truly has been in an ""Early Access"" state for WAY too long, but it does deliver a well developed game since launch and as of now. It has come a pretty decent way, if a bit slow, since its launch, adding entirely new gaming mechanics, dungeons, missions, solar systems, planets/biomes, and plenty of weapons/armor/clothing/objects. The artstyle and soundtrack is absolutely amazing and definitely keep you emersed in the game. It is really an amazing feeling teleporting down onto a new planet and being instantly greeted with a new landscape, bombarded by the worlds sounds, and then eased with the games beautiful soundtrack.The sheer amount of content in the game is amazing, but at the same time, it seems to lack in content in certain areas. There are, as of this review, 7 races to choose from, all with their specific character creation options, even if they can be limited at times. Each race comes with their own ship, that now is finally expandable in the base game, and it includes a race orientated ""pet."" Each race also has their own unique armor upgrades along with some race specific weapons that can be traded with and used by other races. Every planet is of course different, usually specific to what primary biome it is consisted of, though it can very at times. These planets can also be categorized by their difficulty level and what specific type of solar system they originate in. Each planet can, but not always, consist of mini dungeons, villages popluated with specific races, traders, chests, lootable rooms and buildings, and mini bosses.Every object is usually tiered a bit, especially those that are craftable. You have to progress through missions given to you at a primary station of sorts that is accesible from every planet system, or they can be given to you from your ships AI. Most of the missions are fetch or crafting jobs, but major ones can have you being sent off to a large, pre-designed, dungeon. It's a neet concept and adds more playtime to the game, but can also break some of that sandbox freedom the vanilla version of the game offered in the tier aspect of the game. It's not bad, just there. And now with the new colony system, it just expands upon the original feature of placing down spawners either in your ship, or on a planet, that would then populate such locations. The colony update, though, bases these colonists to a primary home that you either build for them, or find. They also offer small missions, and can expand upon your personal little world you've created in your mind. Seriosly, it's a sandbox game, though, so the primary stories trying to be told here are really all yours that you make up as you go along. These quests and missions are cool at times, and give you something to do, but really do not make the game.All in all, it IS a good game. I just really think it needs to drop the ""Early Access"" tag on it, and just go for a Minecraft approach on the launcher. I mean, they kinda have it, but don't. Also, the development of this game does need to pick up, and it shouldn't rely so heavily on the modding community to support it. Great soundtrack though.8/10Just give us more game mechanic content, I've got enough junk filling up my chests as it is."
76561198216972056,Recommended,211820,16635140,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,piperwoods1556,lovin it
,Recommended,211820,16658472,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mahn of Meta,"Game is good, just don't play it too much like me/cheat for days or it just gets really stale."
76561198032126235,Recommended,211820,17654433,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pastrygirl,"I love it, i am just waiting for them to add more content..."
,Recommended,211820,17712402,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Bolobololo,"This game is good, the only fault was the lack of content, and that's currently being fixed."
76561198072847988,Recommended,211820,17729143,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Jakeowar,Starbound is a truly great game you get to explore planets what could be more fun than that? if you like building stuff then this is the game for you. if you like exploring than this is the game for you. if you like action than this is the game for you. it has everything its amazing
,Recommended,211820,17743790,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,zephyrbadge,"This is such an awesome game. You're an alien of a race of your choice operating out of a damaged ship. You beam down to your first planet and sidescroll your way through enemies and towards chests and resources, mainly ores. You might make a base on the first planet. You can build wherever you'd like right from the start of the game, so what you do for a home is ultimately up to you. Eventually you can fuel your ship's engine and travel to other planets in the system, and as you progress, you realize how many planets & moons & asteroid belts & systems & galaxies there are that you can travel to. At that moment I personally was just really impressed and excited to explore so many different locations, there's pretty much an infinite amount of planets to colonize, and there are all kinds of crazy items and weapons and NPC civilizations and dungeon challenges to find. They're still working hard to improve this game, it is worth your dollars! Great fun"
76561198179866923,Recommended,211820,17662621,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Arland,A truely amazing game!
76561198042190279,Recommended,211820,17709570,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Silver,"Good news everyone!, Its terraria, in SPACE!!!"
,Recommended,211820,17743048,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,xAlois,"Certainly a must-have. Can potentially get boring after obtaining best tier equipment for 3-4 characters, but the servers are a totally different story. For those interested, you can even find roleplay communities, which, if I may say, fit extremely well with Starbound's story. Each community is different, but... it's worth trying to get into a community that seems promising. Building huge structures for your own amusement is boring. Building huge structures that other players must/would like to use can be quite fun. Imagine owning the most popular cafe on planet X in the famous town of Y. So on, so forth."
,Recommended,211820,17760946,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Wanna be my girlfriend? I'm 11,Best game in the world
76561198139359874,Recommended,211820,17725899,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,A Pie,This game is great for people who like terraria it is really fun and it is like space terraria!
76561198192643982,Recommended,211820,17754418,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,kite133,I'm not able to log on to the game still a great game though.
,Recommended,211820,17755235,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,JTPar,"You can play as a bird-person, 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,17710980,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,b133d 4 u,"For months I've seen and heard nothing but complaints, not only on the Starbound Forums, but also other games, about how there hasn't been an update for months and how if there's gonna be another update that it better have months worth of content in it. I think the ""Huge Winter Update"" and the ""Huge Colony Update"" speak for themselves, silencing the haters and skeptics."
,Recommended,211820,24543631,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Guy Fieri,9/11
76561198172913369,Recommended,211820,24630705,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Oswin,"mac os x system.click ancient gate console ,and click activate botton~then the game crash~please repair ths bug~"
76561198158727590,Recommended,211820,24470980,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bubs,This game is easy to compare with two games. No Mans Relase (sky) and Terraria. I personal have clocked 3 days on this game alone. I've been playing Starbound scince the days of early access. I knew the game had potential and it didn't disipoint. A lot has changed and it has played diffrently each time. It like No Man's Sky... but no wating and wating and oh hey no dealys. ;-)The game has expanded a ton by adding a fleshed out story line for every race and ship customization with nearly limitless possiblites. The plants are amazing to find and can play the game a ton. The graphics at first may make you think twice about the game or even make you think you just bought a Terraria clone. But when you start playing the game you understand that game is one of a kind.I only have one big complaint... the removal of custom creatures. If you don't know the game early on had a sytem in place that made unique animals for every planet you can find.But that shoudn't say no to the game. It's a great deal. 15$ for a space exploration game that is limitless?Plus its not very hard to run on a low end machine. Heck I'm on a Window XP from 2003.
,Recommended,211820,22163251,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,i am the one who knocks,One of the best sanbox games
76561197966359728,Recommended,211820,22170319,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Fantality,Don't listen to the people that are saying that the game is bad or bugy... I bought it.. and i'm realy happy with it! It is a awesome game and you can do alot of stuff! Sure they need to bring some new patches out but just be relax and love the game! It will be more awesome + awesome! Yeah! :)-Buy-Relax-And smoke weed..*peace! :)
,Recommended,211820,22193037,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Coderz,Lovely.
76561198164080806,Recommended,211820,22194025,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,xXVeghelGamingXx,good game cool retro graphics and good smooth gameplayWell Done!
76561198080369726,Recommended,211820,22211782,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Feindflug13,"This game is excellent, very much like Terraria, but it has features of its own. Like quests, and a different combat system, that I personally like better. I would like if you could put multiple elevators into one long one. Overall this game is awesome, keep it up Devs."
76561198061115557,Recommended,211820,22214269,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Poundworthy Penguin,get♥♥♥♥♥♥ break♥♥♥♥♥♥ upgrade♥♥♥♥♥♥ move across♥♥♥♥♥♥ trek through uncharted♥♥♥♥♥♥ find♥♥♥♥♥♥ kill♥♥♥♥♥♥ make♥♥♥♥♥♥ quest for♥♥♥♥♥♥ and most importantly enjoy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥shit
76561198045037247,Recommended,211820,22228912,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dr. Donkey Kong,"I think it's worth a mention that most of the negative reviews for this game are due to the fact that development is taking a long time. This is an early access game, and the developers have never claimed it to be anything more than that as of the date of my review. However, despite the fact that this game is in ""early development,"" it's amazing to see how far the game has come. This game has some of the most commited devs I've seen in a while. They update their blog usually on a weekly if not daily basis, and the progress they have made is amazing. In addition to this they allow players to play a nightly build of their game to see the the game's current state on a daily basis. They are very open with what they're working on and they communicate very will with the game's community to find what players like and dislike.A year ago I would have recommended this game, and the game has improved massively since then. There is a massive amount of stuff to do in this game, with more coming in the future."
76561198093256397,Not Recommended,211820,22230299,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Dragonbane07,"I... really REALLY wish i could reccomend this game. i remember when my friend told me to play it, so i bought it, played it, had a blast, and now nothing. a good way to explane this game is like having a kid. its fun at first once youve made the comitment but over time it slowly sucks all the fun out of everything. my friend keeps urging me to play this, and to be truthful i do want to play it, but i have alot of trouble having fun with it. It just feels like nothing, kinda like sitting in an endless sandbox as a kid, it sounds awesome untill you realize you have no tools to play in the sand with. this game seems empty and it just may not be for me. but as of 4/3/2016 i do not recomend this game if you plan on having more than an hour of fun."
,Recommended,211820,22234909,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,ScaredLemon,Starbound is a great game I love it here are some reasons why1.You can go to a almost endless supply planets that are filled with ores monsters chests and more2.You get a Spaceship only the inside is customisable that is sort of annoying3.There is a outpost full of quests for you to complete4.There are seven races all with different styles of ships5.There are a few biomes in the the game not that many though6.Lots of weapons to use7.The is a lot of ores like a lot...that finishes the review for starbound.
76561198055490139,Recommended,211820,22242452,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Solaire,Noice
76561198142814231,Recommended,211820,22589237,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,LtcolKarkis,Fun game just wish multiplayer wasn't so difficult to set up
76561198119299305,Recommended,211820,22695997,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Willasaurus_Rex,amazing game lots of quests and things to explore
,Recommended,211820,22903265,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,The Bearded One,This is an amazing game! Though you should try to make the server system using steam. I am sure that you will when this game gets to it's full release. I am happy that I can experience the game as it grows.
,Recommended,211820,22154925,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,plummy,Made an animated autism sign.Also did some other stuff...But solid 8/10 on par with Bee Movie
,Recommended,211820,22190987,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Quade,"Alright so I've been playing this game ever since 1.0.4, building stuff, killing slimes and getting freaked out by the continuous stream of horrifying yet excellent content coming, so it's about time I should actually make a review on this game. I met a lot of people and learned so many things through these friendships and communities and practically gone through what seems like the virtual equivalent to my childhood, so wow does this game have a special place in my heart.Putting my sentimental values in this game aside, content-wise this game is practically everything a fantasy-loving, retro game, sandbox, adventurous and architectually creative enthusiast could ever ask for (see if you're not a fan of any of those kind of games, then you probably might not enjoy this considering the beginning is rather.. slow). Gosh there's just so much to love in this game that I don't even know where to begin, that is, if you give this game a chance. I shall warn anyone who isn't a fan of reading guides that the game in the beginning isn't very intuitive, as it just throws you in the world with no tutorial whatsoever. However there is a Guide NPC, so if you do feel lost on what to do, you should speak to said NPC. The controls of this game is pretty basic; WASD to move, space to jump, number keys corresponding to the hotbar, click to attack, etc.But once you got all of that figured out, boy is this game one heck of a ride, especially if you haven't read any spoilers and you have absolutely no idea what will happen next in this gem of a game. You'll be quite surprised with how many things you can discover, how many things you can create and conquer; I definitely recommend you play this with friends as progression throughout the game would be so much more funner, meaning you'll get to the fun stuff faster (i.e. the events and ridiculous weapons and mounts)."
76561198178062822,Recommended,211820,16656067,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,O'Kyoshi35 ♕,Very nice game :D
76561198145405539,Recommended,211820,16761023,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,greasymonkey004,its a fun sandbox game to play its like terraria but in space
76561197970551849,Recommended,211820,17754894,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Assaulted P Nut,"""Like Terraria but..."" in space!  Fun races, lots of development, and surprisingly soothing music make this an easy game to get lost in."
76561198097944252,Recommended,211820,17743338,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,𝓩𝓑,this game is awsome and just for a tip do /admin for god mode or its like creative so yeah but its lot of fun and the devloper who made this thx but im srry i dont know your name. but yep and all my friends could join me as well. but i hope who ever will have this game will have fun but yeah.
76561198153922340,Recommended,211820,17724383,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Trader Dave | backpack.tf |,amazing game with many exciting updates and quests.its a thumbs up!
,Recommended,211820,17745321,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,expat1999,One of the greatest game I've played.  Play this game.  You will not be disappointed! :D
,Not Recommended,211820,17714889,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Thanatos,After playing it once there is no fun in playing it again. Even playing it the first time your doing the same thing over and over again just with higher teir stuff with different looks. Upgrading your ships is also no fun at all. Just boring boss fight after boring boss fight to get almost no loot or anything worth wile.
,Recommended,211820,16687400,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Biting Irish,"Don't listen to all these fools saying that Chucklefish is slacking off. It takes TIME to make a game, you can't expect to back a kickstarter and have the finished product in your hands in a couple months. Check the site, they're making steady progress for a team of only about 14 people. I love this game, and it's only going to get better! Give it a shot. If you liked Terraria, you'll definitely like this."
,Recommended,211820,16730283,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sr. Motumbo,"Starbound is a very pretty game. Since the Giraffe updates the game got MUCH more interesting. The soundtrack is flipping amazing! You can even play songs with different instruments and if you want more songs than the game offers, just download the ABC files of your favourite songs.Not only great soundtrack, but the different species you can choose are very well thought. Some very ironic, some with funny accents and others with lovely styles or interesting stories.However, the game is still in Early Access, so expect some bugs and lag. But you must understand that the creators of the game are working very hard in the game, planning new content and fixing old mistakes.This game is very underated in my opinion, and should have some more good ratings for having this quality so early in the development. This is my favorite game between all 57 that I own on Steam"
,Recommended,211820,17691104,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Disappointment,like terraria in a space theme and has a heaps better graphics pixel style. :Ddont want to rip my♥♥♥♥♥♥off. this is good
,Recommended,211820,17762468,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Majick,"Great game, So much to do, This game is awesome!"
,Recommended,211820,16651369,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,That Kids Mom,I love this game for a few reasons:Its much more interesting to me (not necessarily others) then terraria or mine craftI love the exploring aspect and craftingI LOVE the aliensI also am a sucker for old 2D pixel art
,Recommended,211820,16687640,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,westernbob1,"This an amazing game for many reasons, first off you can travel through space, explore new worlds, find new creatures, fallow a story line, kill space penguins, and be a robot, The game not only has those amazing qualities, but it also gets update a lot and the devs having been working on this project for over 3 years and the will continue to work on it."
76561198091810568,Recommended,211820,17654398,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mango,This game is absolutely amazing! It always keeps you busy with quests and missions and just traveling in space. I absolutely love the pixel theme and all the unique items. It's also great to play with friends too.
,Recommended,211820,23505229,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ambrow axeon,never gets old
76561198101813685,Recommended,211820,25733457,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Smol Floofy Redhead,"So. I noticed that people are griping about features that were removed in the older versiojns. I never saw that, and while yes, it does kinda seem like techs suck now, but flying sounds a little on the OP side. Mechs sound fun but aren't too practical for exploration.Now, I've already completed the story and am now playing through with a second character with some items passed down from the first. Exploring is still fun even though Ive seen every planet. I've barely even tried fishing yet. And sometimes the planets can generate very strangely and give an interesting little surprise with biomes, such as bioluminescense biomes generating in volcanic planets (and ember rain always seems to hit right as I find those, heh) and other biome generation that hilariously breaks logic six ways to Sunday.For a 2D game, some of the landscapes are downright gorgeous. You almost don't want to destroy them, but sometimes you just gotta get the unique tree type there, especially if the foliage generated in your favorite color. You could spend ages collecting them all just for the hell of it. Also geode biomes. What would be amazingly awesome is if they could generate in other colors.Weapon progression is alright. Challenge rooms are an excellent source of good weapons, and once you start getting legendary goodies you're generally pretty well off. Personally, I've found 3 Ex Machinas on one character... My luck in video games tends to be very stupid. It's either really good or absolutely horrible. As for armor progression, you actually need to do a bit of work to get the best armor. And unless you want the Perfect Set, you need to actualkly make a decision as to how you want to play and get T5 and T6 armor to match.If you're the creative type, GET THIS GAME. You'd be amazed at what you can do with a 2D space. Whether you're making pixel art or a home for yourself, the possibilities are endless with all the themes out there.One of my favcorite features is how mod-friendly this game is. Me, I love mods. There's mods for mechs for those who want that back. There's mods that make the game easier or harder. There's ones that add old features and new techs. There's the Phase Shift tech mod for those who want to fly again (and go through walls and be immune to damage as a result of basically becoming a ghost). Mods that change worldgen. New races. More furniture and cosmetic items. Vehicles. Damn near EVERYTHING. Unless you're the type to prefer vanilla, go check out the Workshop for this game.To end this off, sure, the story and armor progression can be easily rushed by mining planets of a certain tier, crafting the EPP and armor you can now make with those materials and rush the whole story, the game is far from over when the story's done. You can do whatever the hell you want. Look for planets that break logic and see just how broken it can get.  Build the base of your dreams. Pimp out your ship. Catch fish and make an aquarium. Grab critters and make a critter pen. Maybe even try to collect them all and display them. Collect pets. Collect other things. Build massive colonies with furniture looted from dungeons. Get a vehicle and go nuts with it. There's MUCH more to do than gather resources and go through the story.And hey, it's still better than No Man's Sky!"
,Not Recommended,211820,26140350,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,TropicalLazerBeams,"I just beat the 1.0 version of the game. I bought it in EA and have played it on and off since then. Let me take you through some pros and cons:Pros:-Wonderful soundtrack-Neat story-Some of the unique weapons are funCons:-main quest line is weak, too easy, quests are similar and boring-Crafting upgrades are direct, linear improvements from one item to the next-Planets are randomly generated, and once you have seen one type of planet, you have pretty much seen them all.-Little to no replayability-There is literally no reward/motivation to start a colony since they give u stuff u already haveIf they add more stuff to this game, it might be worthwhile, but for now, its just tedious. Just get Terraria, I give that game a thumbs up, and would much prefer it over Starbound."
,Not Recommended,211820,29908983,Posted: 13 February,all,Pavlovskiy | Stalin,"You monsters! What'd you do with the old Starbound?! Keep in mind that while this current version isn't really that bad, the older versions were technically better. This is a review comparing the current version to the old version.Cons:-Planets are boring as heck, everything's the same-Combat is boring as heck, all they need to do is swarm you-The story, while interesting and pretty at the start, gets so very boring, since you're just searching planets for races that might not be there to steal artifiacts from them-Huge FPS drops in sparsely crowded areas-Multiplayer seems to be harder to run then in the older versions-Ship upgrading is now useless-Everything can be done by downloading a couple of mods. Fin.Pros:-Building is a lot nicer, and you can actually spend many hours working on huge projects. Technically, the only limit is your imagination.-Modding community is large, and the amount of content available by modding is immense-Multiplayer is actually fun-ish-While quite a bit of the old music was removed, there's still many good tracks here and there//======\\All in all, I still feel lied to. The old Starbound was a thousand times better then this version. I have many memories from then, and barely any of this completely boring end-result. I dunno how they managed to screw this up.I don't think the current game is legitimately horrible, but others that played the older versions would agree that they are indeed much better. I still remember watching my base getting completely destroyed by a random meteor shower on the starting planet... Ahh, good times.~This review is more opinion then fact.~"
,Recommended,211820,23941362,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Quaxo,"After trying out a few similar games (Terraria, Crea, etc.) and not really finding them to my liking, I was reluctant to buy Starbound. Still, I went ahead and bought it in early access, figuring if I didn't like it in an hour or two, I'd refund it. 200+ hours later, I'm still loving this game. Best $15 I've spent on a game in a long time. By far one of the best sandbox games I've played.+ Excellent crafting system.+ Customizable character, ship, space station, and mech.+ An entire universe to explore. Countless stars and planets.+ New features still being added."
76561198036513849,Recommended,211820,9104954,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Erstont,I would rather play this than smoke crack
,Not Recommended,211820,33730678,Posted: 22 July,all,Wintymint,"Although Starbound has been one of my favorite games of all time, I just can't ensure that it'll be fun enough for anyone who jumps right into it.The story is extremely generic. It's really hard to have fun with the game after you complete it, even with mods. The building blocks are very limited [without mods], and the combat system is also very bland. You can get a good laugh out of it with your friends, but the fun won't last too long. Less possibilities means more exhaustion.The planting mechanics, the mechs, the space stations~ Even those get boring and useless over time, and a whole lot of the more entertaining or useful items require extentful fixed and RNG grind.Exploring the community is fine, but a whole lot of the people are judgemental and can be quite annoying to deal with. If you don't want to get hated by the Starbound community, don't post any of those fluffy space dinosaurs that are COMPLETELY OKAY-- don't know why everyone wants those things to burn in hell.Overall, I'm not saying it's impossible to like the game and community, it's just that if you get bored quickly, you'll get bored faster than you usually do."
,Recommended,211820,15873600,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Vatican,"I love this game,It's So pretty and it's so graphical. Even better than terraria! :D"
76561198058246222,Recommended,211820,24984434,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,The Earth is flat,I died for thisJustice for Harambe/10
,Recommended,211820,9273810,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,dinorice,guys you can play all star on a flute
76561198172091034,Recommended,211820,22376192,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,PcMaster1 (Rewards.gg),Best Terarria like game 10000//1000010000//10000
76561198060231766,Recommended,211820,13932734,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Weelong,"I love this game.  It should be noted that I am currently playing in the Unstable version of the Early Access.  The recent update adding more quest lines and revamping the beginning to make a lot more sense greatly added to the flow of the game.  The crafting and farming in the game is based on discovery which I enjoy.  Making new recipes unlocks move advanced recipes and exploring and finding new resources allows you to create new items not previously listed.  These are a few of the updates I enjoy, but over all the game is a good balence of questing and crafting but open enough to allow you to do what you wish.  Yes, exploring can be little tedious, but is worth the effort.  If you are looking for a quickly advancing game, this might not be for you, but if you are into building up resources and working to establish a good point to go out from, this is a great game.  I can't wait to see what the devs come up with going forward."
,Recommended,211820,16099460,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Itz_Adam,"Starbound is a pixel game and is very fun. There's lots of commands. Although it's still in early access, it's still a great game! You can play with friends and you can join servers! My favorite parts of the game are quests and destroying bosses! There's lots of fun things to do in Starbound! You need to try it!"
76561197992946049,Recommended,211820,15754416,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Hazzid,this game is way better than terreria its more in depth have way more wepons and you can go it SPACE10/10buy this game its worth it :)
,Recommended,211820,15688886,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,S... SUN,"Much better than terraria, not comparable to dont starve or minecraft but I prefer Dont Starve (single player) and Starbound (multiplayer) To any other survival sandbox game."
76561198088801029,Recommended,211820,15746416,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,uncle leg,"Space Terraria. This game offers so much to the player. So much loot, so many weapons, classes that have different pets, ships, starting weapons and class armor- you name it! With new missions, the player can actually travel to scenarios.10/10 I loved it.Update: Over a year later, and it only got better. It's even got an awesome storyline to go with the awesome game! I LITERALLY cannot find a single flaw. It was worth every little bit of money spent on this. Seriously.The weapons - improved.The story - improved.The creatures - improved.Buy this game. Honestly, buy this game. This is freaking brilliant right here. Brilliance in it's pure form. You won't regret buying this. The updates are continuing to improve the game, and what it currently has is addicting already. I honestly have not a single bit of regret buying this. Honestly.(Review after a year - 9999999999/10, it only got better!)UPDATE (AGAIN!): So, I've got 970 hours on this game, and that's for a reason.I'm simply addicted! With this new spacefaring update, there are so many cool mechs and space encounters now added to the game. Hostile/friendly ships, space stations and asteroids? The navigation is way improved, too. You can move your ship around exactly where you want it to. And as if that's not exciting enough, with the mechs came mech mods! With the steam workshop, you can download a ton of new mechs and others!Instruments? On the steam workshop!New races? On the steam workshop!An entire gamechanging mod that adds a ton of new features and basically doubles the amount of content? Search ""Frackin' Universe!""I would still absolutely recommend this game, with all of its content being extremely enticing. Oh, and not to mention the amazing soundtrack!Seriously.Get it.after all, its better than no mans sky"
76561198117067282,Recommended,211820,17742442,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Shirotora,"I've read a lot of these review claiming the game hasn't changed significantly in years. These people obviously haven't played the game in years. What began as, essentially, 'Terraria in Space' has really grown into it's own, especially in this past year. This is not just some survival sandbox game, but an intergalactic exploration game with an incredible amount of content. You could play for hundreds of hours and still not discover everything this game has to offer, and they aren't even done with it yet.As I said, Star Bound is a voxel based exploration sandbox that has you beginning as a survivor of some cataclysm that differs based on race. You find yourself aboard your now derelict space craft/life boat orbiting a rather peaceful world. Initially, you only have a bottom tier weapon (a sword for everyone except the Starkid race who begin with a gun), a flashlight, matter manipulator and a couple other things.Your first goal is to repair your ship's drive core so you can make your way to a nearby space station. From there, you gather the needed resources to repair the hyperdrive to unlock the ability to travel to other star systems.The game play itself is quite a bit like Terraria, though combat is quite a bit more in depth. Not only do you have the standard melee weapons, complete with elemental effects, you also have various firearms, each type also having different ammo types making for a mind boggling variety of weapon possibilities. Then you also have Tech Staffs, to become a kind of space wizard. I've only ever had a couple of these, but the are incredibly fun.Then you have the crafting. The crafting in Star Bound is incredibly vast, almost needlessly so. There are countless different decorative items that can be crafted, though many you need to find blueprints for. Best of all, with the recent Colonies update, those decorative items have a real, useful purpose. The better the items, the more money you make for renting out houses you've made, and the types of items used determine the type of resident. If you want a Glitch colony, build using Glitch furniture.The best thing about this game, though, is the developers. I've never seen a game in which the developers take such avid interest in community feedback, even hiring certain mod authors that have created incredibly popular, well made mods. These guys show what early access is supposed to be.Between the already vast game, the constant updates, and the incredibly helpful and attentive developers, this is by far the best early access game on Steam."
,Not Recommended,211820,17861044,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,FAT LITTLE KID,no
76561198116134636,Recommended,211820,13514280,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Otherwise Known As Cock,I highly recommend this game. It is very similar to Terraria or games of the like but it improves on the positives of those games and leaves out most of the negatives.
,Recommended,211820,13463990,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Pinko Stinko,"Oh, Starbound. I have cranked out over 60 hours on this game and have not regretted a second of it. The game has a power over you that graspes you into this litteral other universe and this blows me away. with endless galaxies and planets, it is just breathtaking how expansive this game is. I probably only got items from stealing and cheating, but that still made the game fun. I have retired from this game, because I have played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of it and I have nothing else to do but mess with other people.10/10 Is rly good"
76561198124315696,Recommended,211820,13461483,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,MechanicalEyeProductions,i like the game its great but i have a question it says winter update is here. it must be hiding because i havnt seen it!!!!!but great game overall
,Recommended,211820,35089075,Posted: 20 September,all,Ex Nihiloish,"Pretty fun. I played through several times throughout the various early access builds.It's good but still doesn't come close to Terraria in terms of amount and quality of content.If you can only afford one game, you probably have warped priorities."
,Recommended,211820,8617137,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,y tho?,"This is an early access game and it is like Terraria. However, as an early access game, it is wayy bigger compared to terraria. If you like terraria, you will like this game. So buy it!"
,Recommended,211820,24473457,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,borgsfayce,a 2d game where they just added amazing new content  good servers good connection throught steam to your friends games not much server lag 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8066265,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Negan,100x Terraria. Stargate meets Minecraft. 9/10
,Recommended,211820,14244842,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Fyresyth,"This game is my number one favorite waste of time. The amount of love put into it really shines through. not for the pixel art, but it just seems to have a soul to it. And the sound track is just beautiful."
,Recommended,211820,14252867,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,IamZoe,"8.5/10It is really relax with the musicThe Exprolation sometimes bored me but sometimes it is Awesome when you find somethings new and specialThe game itself is like Terraria but It's have infinite world and QUEST , make you have a aim to do staffVery nice and very fun to playI recommand it"
76561198094136180,Recommended,211820,24513269,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Bok Choi,"Starbound is a vast and endless game, perfect for people who love adventure and deep lore."
,Recommended,211820,29574315,Posted: 29 January,all,MarineOnTheCeiling,An amazing universe full of fun things to do and explore. Playing with friends is like playing a whole new game :)
76561198191863587,Recommended,211820,15497273,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,snekt7890,круто
,Recommended,211820,15474569,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,RazerForce,"Amazing...FANTASTIC...EXTRA-AMZING....EXTRA-FANTASTIC....()---Starbound---()1)Who made the part of the game?(The creator of Terraria and another (Guy)(Uknown))2)Is this game worth it if you like or don't like Terraria?(Yes,it is.Even if you dont know Terraria.)3)Is it easy to get used to?(Maby or maby not)4)Are they having a vote how to add more stuff to the game?(Yes they are)-SUCH AS-(Lama's that ride cars and have families!)(Penguin scientests,Army Penguins)(New stuff for the leaf people)(Wizards,Mages and Minstrel character slots!)--*Brilliant*--5)Is there creative?(No, certainly not.Maby in next updates!)(Creative Mod[Availible])6)Thousands of players play the game?(millions, to be exact.)-------------------------------------------------------------------Worth it!Buy,it now while it is cheap!"
76561198158220126,Recommended,211820,24712400,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,BudderTheDude,great game would recomend
76561198259488237,Recommended,211820,24712699,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,hawker127,this game is like terraria but in space
,Recommended,211820,24716183,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Screaming Fox,"A summarization here, for those who would rather not get specifics.Story: 3/10 (Not amazing by any stretch, but at least it's there for those interested)Gameplay: 8/10 (It's a unique premise that's executed rather well, with minute flaws)Art Style: 7/10 (I like it, but me being someone who's played Terraria extensively, the style itself doesn't feel entirely unique, but it's more than forgiveable)Replayability: 9/10 (Workshop content combined with the style of gameplay keep it very fresh for a long time)Workshop Usage (A necessary staple in games like this to keep it interesting long after enough time has been sunk into it): 9/10Soundtrack: 10/10 (Not even kidding, it is amazing)My overall rating: 7.6/10. Has flaws and slight downfalls, but the whole experience is very much worth it. One of my current favorite games of all time.-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Starbound is an adventure RPG with sandbox mechanics included to give the player a large sense of potential customization of the many planets and landscapes available in their procedurely generated universe. You play as one of the last of the Protectorate graduates, a group that aims to keep everything in check and peaceful throughout the universe. Upon graduation, the Earth is destroyed due to a mysterious evil force, and you must run for your life to board a ship off of the planet. You are then thrust into space, and get to experience the more open nature of the game. Upon reaching your first planet, you are tasked with performing repairs on your ship, so as to be able to explore the many other planets and star systems. Once this is accomplished, the story starts to become apparent.The gameplay is done in a mostly 2D format- movement is constricted to the basic directions of up/down and left/right, but the background blocks are able to be edited for structure-building- similar to other games of this type. But what makes Starbound so unique and alluring compared to others? In Starbound, unlike other sandbox games of similar strain, many, near infinite, planets are available to the player to explore. Many have similar dungeons and settlements for the different races, and while it may get somewhat stale after a while, the sense of exploration is always present. There are quite a few different ""planet-types"", i.e. mostly snow, forest, jungle, sea, desert, plains, radiated cities or forests, frozen oceans, lava oceans, volcanic planets, and more. Within these types, there are slight variations with some occasional biome diversity, but the main idea is the planet's specific type. This makes exploration on different planets take much longer to get old, as there's always more to be seen if you warp elsewhere. In the story, there is a compelling reason to explore these many types of planets. For some core concepts, on the easiest difficulty, starvation is off and item drop is constricted to only the loss of 10% of a player's currency, 'Pixels'. On the middle difficulty, all non-tools are dropped, and 30% of a player's Pixels are lost. On the hardest difficulty, upon death, your character is lost.Which brings us to the subject of the story. In Starbound, the main story idea is to collect ancient artifacts through exploration of certain planet types that, in return, unlock a mission that you can teleport to from your ship. These missions are often challenging unless the player is prepared for it, but are ultimately lackluster. Starbound is most certainly not a game to be heralded for its story, but instead, everything that occurs outside of it. Much like the enjoyment many had with Terraria, in Starbound, the gameplay itself should be the biggest driving force in enjoyment. The story is merely a side attraction in my own opinion.On the subject of Terraria, a lot of Starbound's art assets feel very similar. They are not the same, of course, but those who have played Terraria may feel a sense of familiarity in some aspects, but as said above, that's hardly a driving force for any game. Some games such as Minecraft would not be popular if the only thing that mattered was a unique look to everything in the game, which this does seem to lack. However, I will give credit where it's due; Starbound's simplistic look and design is very clean, and immersive enough for the universe it is in.For the replayability, I feel it goes hand in hand with the fact that there is Steam Workshop implementation incorporated with this game. For those unaware, Workshop gives mode developers a place to submit their custom creations and modifications for the game, from simple ship designs, to even as big as new races or biomes. This considered, those who delve into the modding community for the game- which is very easy to do- will find countless hours available to them for their adventures. Simply looking at these many different modifications is fun to do, as it gives an insight as to what these creators thought the game could use.My final point will be my strongest positive with this game, the Soundtrack. Within Starbound, there are many different environments to explore. The soundtrack that accompanies Starbound is incredibly fitting for the situations and areas you explore, and hardly gets tiring as it plays throughout your time in the game. If you wish to take a sneak peak, check out this link:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sT_A-bpBgBQThis is a song that plays in the Outpost, a place of commerce and trade that has a sense of community. The music within this location is, at least in my opinion, worth idling in just for the music.This all considered, Starbound is a very excellent game for the price, and I highly recommend trying it out."
76561198119683273,Recommended,211820,24718084,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,quillan8,This game could use more bosses
76561198086974136,Recommended,211820,24717892,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Michael Jackson,This game is great. Just a few days ago I bought this game for a friend and I have had the game for a while but i never really played it until my friend got it. Anyways the game is great I have found no bugs or glitches yet so I i definately recomend this game to anybody who is alive still.
,Recommended,211820,24717952,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Draiko223,"I absolutely love this game! it has a neat little story line, there is lots to do, and there are so many things you can do by adding mods the potential is near limitless in my opinion! If you can afford it I suggest ya get it! and try adding some workshop mods to add more fun! ^w^"
,Recommended,211820,24727490,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,S L E E P Y,Its A Fun Game To Play When You Don't Have Internet For  Some Reason And It Is Fun To Explore on Those Planets =)
,Recommended,211820,24731949,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Saotome Senshu.,"this game make me feel so happy after playing it.but, sometime i can't run Starbound 64-bit. idk what happen.so i play starbound 32-bit now.after 20 mintues loading, they load up.and i hate 32-bit game.they are so slow. and Freeze anytime.so i can't give the answer it's recommended or not.i love this game so much.it's ok other people downvote this game after stable relase.because, it's still 1.0.3 and stable.it's need more update to do for perfectly a real sandbox game.i will comeback a year or less.i will keep an eyes at this game btw.See ya Next year, my Fav game <3Bring the good update and add a Job or Skills.so, if you are a swordman. using your swords.just like Terraria.it would be fun, A LOT FUN :)"
76561198148101519,Recommended,211820,24898345,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,FIREPOWERX3,Starbound 8====D  (  ) No mans sky
76561198144129247,Recommended,211820,24900581,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Lemon Swift,"I purchased this game at full price at 1.0 because it was recommended to me by a friend, and I can say I've had serious fun with this game and I will continue to have fun with it.Pros-Fun races and character customization to choose fromIn-depth crafting systemNo planet is the sameLots of dungeons and bosses/mini bossesCool cosmetic itemsGreat backstory for all races and main story lineSpace travelCrew and penguin mercenaries.Cons-Lack of a tutorial really, while they teach you the very very basics the tutorials are pretty barrenPretty hard to figure out when first starting outWhile there are other problems, they are hard to find. I would recommend this game to anyone. It is more than a terrorist clone."
76561197988667245,Recommended,211820,25419405,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,andyjadams,"I got this game for my son whilst it was in beta.  I thought it was OK, but he looves it.  When one of the updates came through and wiped his saved games he was heart broken.  But soon got right back into it.Since the full release he has been playing at whenever he is allowed.  Even got all his friends involved.I happily recommend this game to anyone who enjoys the genre."
76561198043898020,Recommended,211820,24524955,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,JaegerBombastic,"Never played in in early access and I'm glad I didn't. Seems like every other review is getting angry because X or Y was removed or promised and never added, but if you come into the game without any preconcieved notions of what could have been and judge it by it's own merits, then it's a great game. Yes the game will get boring eventually, you will have seen every variation, have the best gear, a lot of content (farming, colonies, base building) will be pointless, and there is no real reason to keep playing unless you want to build things, but that is true for the vast majority of non-competitive games. I can almost guarantee you will get 15 hours out of this game, and even more if you want to do side missions.There are a dew small gripes:-Randomly generated quests seem to have 4 archetypes at most. Kill things, build things, get things, escort person. Every single one of these quests give you a reward bag which gives you some random item. Normally pointless, sometimes you get upgrade components or a weapon but the weapon is normally bad. I wish the reward was shown beforehand. Same item pool, same chances, I just want to be able to see what I'll get and decide if it's worth the effort. The only reason to do those quests is to get crew for your ship to upgrade it's size, took me about 2-3 hours to get the max crew on a small avian world running the same missions. There aren't very many non-random quests either, and a lot of them just give a catch-all reward bag. I'd like to see more quests like the gladiator quests, or specifically dealing with the generated dungeons, as those are the most interesting areas.-The story quests are fun, but the mission before-hand isn't. Find a village of a specific race, scan things to get clues as to the location of the next artifact, go to the real story mission. I just wish the method you discovered these locations changed between artifacts, or if you had more direction. All you get is ""this race preffers this star and planet type, which is another tier above you so it's time to upgrade your gear. Go run around on the planet and hope you find a village, that could be an entirely different race you cant start scanning yet."". Sometimes you walk every planet in a system and don't find the village they told you about, sometimes the village is on a lower tier planet you discovered earlier and you blaze through that segment. I recomend not worrying too much about finding those worlds. Explore, mine, build, eventually you will find a village and it won't feel like you were grinding it.-Money is useless once you get the hover-bike unless you want to buy ship liscenses with money instead of crew, but once again that is true in most games.-Slight nitpick- two NPC's have items that rotate out on a real-time 24-hour clock, and one of them has a 7 day cycle, but most players will beat the game and be done with it before that is even a possibility, and the weapons that one of them sold probably won't be any use by the time the crafting recipe is AVAILABLE. I wish they were all available or they rotated/added stock either by in game days or by something you could control, like number of colony deads placed.I still think its a great game, If you liked terraria you will like this. some things it does better than terraria, some worse, but I am confident you can get one hour per dollar spent on this game, if not more."
76561198149992983,Recommended,211820,24525186,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,RedNinjaGamer0,Just Plain Awesome!
76561198096558304,Recommended,211820,24525240,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,steelarmor12,This game is super AMAZING I always have stuff to do in it I totally recommend this game.
,Not Recommended,211820,24528207,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,azarjan,"a terrible excuse for a game that dosent even come close to what it could be capable of accomplishingthe exploration of each planet is so dry and boring it becomes old in minutes, theres no real surprises or sense of shock when you find anything.all the great things about terraria and the exploration and mining that was in that game is gone, cheses are often full of worthless junk, the progression is a straight line with one single end point, theres very little in terms of style of play, theres no reason to explore any planet other than to just find what little good things exist on it then bail out, the combat is similarly not as good as it in terraria but in this game its even more floaty and difficult to handle, being pelted by 500 different reskins of the same 3 pokemon rip off monsters gets really boring within minutescomplete garbage, dont buy it. if you dont have terraria go buy that game instead"
76561198054917046,Recommended,211820,24530579,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,peanutcrackerful,good use of 15 bucks
,Recommended,211820,24544834,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,KevinGatesLookaLike,"This game is amazing (especially with lot's of mods) it truly feels like you can never see it all, the universe is so vast it's impossible to reach the end of it I haven't played much of 1.0  but starbound is really a full game and i'm suprised the game is only 15$!"
,Recommended,211820,24545228,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Step',"A funny one, Lama Hat = masterpiece"
,Recommended,211820,24478393,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lachie McCree,Terraria in space. Buy this game.
,Recommended,211820,24494200,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Uvuvwevwevwe Onyetenyevwe Osas,"This really is a great game, if you are into sci-fi / exploration / survival.Very often I hear people talking about how this is just a ""terraria clone"" or ""terraria wannabe"". Trust me, play this game, and you'll change your mind very quick. Great game, recommended."
76561198030291509,Recommended,211820,24544855,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Timmypoo,"I have followed this game since early on.  In fact, I bought it almost as soon as it became available on steam.  Many people will tell you that this game just isn't as good as it set out to be, that it lost its charm, and I will tell you that a rusty 1990 ford ranger with a rebel flag has charm but doesnt mean that it's good.  I played each major update for several hours and, since this is my review and my opinion, the completed game is many times better, more engaging, more stable, better balanced and more fun than any previous iteration.  If you like games, buy it.  9/10.  I hate the bats."
,Recommended,211820,20160969,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Chicken on a Raft,"Great game, no multiplayer platform though =/"
76561198075328649,Recommended,211820,20249078,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,The Great Mathais,This game is worth the ammount of money on it
,Recommended,211820,20123658,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Mikmoo,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
76561198061361003,Recommended,211820,20275487,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Minigamer,ADD steam work shop but outher than that great game keep updating
,Recommended,211820,8979992,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Peppersworth,"This is a great game I am on the Nightly builds and what I can tell from the nightly builds. When the full release comes out, this game will be mindblowingly awesome.This game is a game about space travel and exploration I find it very enjoyable. This game should be great when the big 1.0 update comes out.The grind might be a little hard at first but once you understand how things work it is pretty easy. This game is well worth the $15.Also there are a bunch of bad reviews saying that nothing is happening with the development.The reason why it has been so long since the last upate is because they are working very hard on the big 1.0 they have been working on it for a very long time. On their website(playstarbound.com)somebody blogs about what they have been working on pretty much everyday."
,Recommended,211820,11560787,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,.yeet.,"It is a really confusing game when you first start, but once you get used to the controls it is a really fun game.  Chucklefish has really out done themselves and took 2d games to a whole new level."
,Recommended,211820,11516632,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,JustMakoto,I love this game. The diversity of the planets is much better than Terraria in how it has more that just one place to explore and then you're done. Then comes the weapons. They all have unique abilities (unless they dont have one at all. This is all i need to say about this game to tell you how great it it.
76561198128243758,Recommended,211820,13474240,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,david.allen.petty.ii,"Very fun, terraria like, infinite worlds"
,Recommended,211820,13465477,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,SoldatJones,All the fun of Terraria with a whole host of extras to furnish and design your buildings with.  Generally good all round.
,Recommended,211820,24773685,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Twink Senpai,Es okay
76561198064206553,Recommended,211820,29774564,Posted: 7 February,all,SneakyGunz,"Very cool! but..Needs more diverse worlds imo.Scanning objects for the quest get very old, very fast."
76561198169957679,Recommended,211820,15007178,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,RafaDafa,"This game is so great, its seems not to end"
,Recommended,211820,7976121,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,R△TM△N,"A beautiful game that improves almost every aspect of terraria, but keeps its own integrety. Exellent game."
,Recommended,211820,28935486,Posted: 2 January,all,D3tronix,>Fell down a cliff and lost my whole stuff>Spent 2 hours to get my stuff back>Got killed and spent another hour to get my stuff back10/10 best first 3 1/2 hours i've ever had in a game
76561198271892496,Recommended,211820,24493562,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,ToxicChopSuey,got an ok computer that can run stardew vally and terraria at 60 fps take it or leave it well starbound is just stardew textures and a more chunky less combat based terraria with a little twist and also THE FRAME RATE is god awful i played this game on my freinds computer witch is better than mine ran at only 40 fps and if you got a laptop not ment for gaming 10 fps 10 only TEN at the HIGHEST so if you got a bad computer your much better off playing stardew valley or terraria oh yea and that twist is only upgrades or acceserys from terraria and also the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ matter manipulator.......so if you got a good pc than get this game if you dont go play terraria.also this rating is a meh out of ten or 5/10 so ill rate this positive just so you know but not worth 15 dollers now stardew and terraria are (terraria also is only ten dollers so its cheaper and better.
,Recommended,211820,18091857,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,lazyhero,its awesome and i hope you enjoy it to!!!
76561198092425882,Recommended,211820,24464180,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,vtell,When you really sit down to play its pretty hard to stop. Great game
76561198086726199,Recommended,211820,25057739,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Lukey,This game is now even more amazing than it was before! :D
,Recommended,211820,29783293,Posted: 8 February,all,hiphoptherobot,This game is just stunning and has so much heart and childlike wonder.
,Recommended,211820,17822797,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Altered Nova,"A very fun Terraria-like game with way more features, better combat and more refined gameplay. Mining, crafting, looting, farming, exploring dungeons, visiting an infinite number of procedurally generated planets, decorating your upgradable spaceship... there are tons of fun things to do in this game and the developers are constantly adding more.And on top of all that, the game has full modding support. There are tons of awesome mods out there, including a massive one called Frackin' Universe that basically doubles the content in the game. Ya know, if you've somehow seen everything and gotten bored, a feat that would certainly take hundreds of hours to accomplish.You're probably wondering why there are so many negative reviews from people with hundreds of hours in the game. That's because the game went nearly a year with no significant (public, stable) updates, and at the same time the devopers moved to a new studio and revealed they were working on a new game. Most of those negative reviews were from angry fans who believed that Starbound had just been a cash grab and was being abandoned. Even I was getting worried for a while there.Thankfully that is not the case. Starbound has recieved multiple massive expansions and numerous smaller bugfixes since that stable branch dry spell, so it seems they are back to regularly updating the game."
76561197988061338,Recommended,211820,7920685,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,RileyWRussell,"I hate this game. I just bought an xbox one and 5 games, and here I am spending all my time playing Starbound. So obviously I don't hate this game. I just wish it came out last week so I didn't drop all that money on next gen games that are all graphics and no substance. Take Terraria, a game I put 90+ hours into, and add space? Come on. I would have gave you guys a lot more than $15 for this."
,Recommended,211820,10766381,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,bzawisza08,Just like Call Of Duty The Big Red One!
76561198055318578,Recommended,211820,8790194,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,_-TehEpicPotato-_,"You might not like the preview but when you actualy play it it is MUCH funner as it seems. The creators have highly succeded in  making a fun, adventurous RPG game, there is different types of races like right now there is avian, glitch (robot), Human, Apex (ape) and theres others that i forgot their names XD. Its an addicting game with tons of updates to come. Live in a randomly generated building or build one from scratch, explore an endless randomly generated universe with loads of suprises to be seen, work your way up in armour, tools and technology, learn skills and fly, rocket jump, double jump and lots more! I would highly recommend this game to all gamers who love this kind of setup."
,Recommended,211820,8870402,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Gunner,Awesome
76561198062956045,Recommended,211820,28659408,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sexy Snowglobe,800 quantillion planets or whatever cash grab space game man said
,Recommended,211820,14339589,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Umph,This game is like Terraria but better I think?  Who knows!What I do know is it's a great game.  A jillion recipies and worlds to explore and a qust line to help you progress.  It feels like a completed product.  It scratches whatever itch these games try to scratch really well.
76561197984407880,Recommended,211820,19577109,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,snull,"I own and play tons of games and this is my first review.I gotta say I loved this game when I played for the first time,stopped because of lack of updates to finish the game.Now they updated everything and let me tell you, it's amazing.The most fun is getting a drink and playing with your friends!"
76561198074939767,Recommended,211820,19740541,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,MaximusHawk,"A great game. A bit more complex than Terraria, this game is totally worth the money. With and obvious lean towards exploration and creativity, this game is great for any fans of the sandbox genre. It has many different planets, terrain, weapons, tools, blocks, and items, and never gets boring. You can play however you want! Want a medieval castle? Futuristic apartment? Underground library? You can do all that, plus more! It has a beautiful soundtrack, great audio effects, graphics far better than Terraria, and interesting quests that continue to challenge you.I definetly recommend this game. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,21215304,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Flandyrll,"Much like Terraria, Starbound sets itself apart from the over-expanding genre of Survival Sandbox by removing a lot of the complications that require a huge time investment or constant checking back. The mechanics like crafting, mining, maintenance and travelling is simple enough that allows you to drop in for awhile to get things done. There is no need to spend hours just mining for resources to build a modest home as the process is not as tidious as other games of its genre.Where it diverges from Terraria, is in its exploration and space travel. You are capable of travelling to different planets with different biomes and sub-biomes. You're not tied down to mining every worth out of the world you are given and travelling is even rewarded with Chests, Dungeons and NPC Villages scattered around other planets. The game heavily focuses on this as different resources can be found in different planets.If your goal is to build a nice settlement, the game offers you not just the option of not having to ruin the world around you to gather its resources, but there are different Planets with different environments to provide you a suitable location for Bunkers, Underwater Domes, Huge Sprawling Buildings and even Space Stations. For those who just enjoy moving from planet to planet, your personal Ship is all you need for all your utility needs when exploring the huge galaxy.The graphics is charming with a large range of colors and details for players and NPCs. The lighting system works nicely in creating ambience. The tiles available are nicely drawn and vary from Medival Bricks to Titanium Panels to the humble Wooden Plank.To some, the amount of content may not be enough. Starbound is easily modded to fill in what you find lacking or to expand the game even further thanks to its modding community.P.S. I absolutely adore the Avali custom race."
,Recommended,211820,21238607,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,The Guv'ner,Raing: 8/10This game is fun to play and has many good planets tyo explore. This game is fun to play with your friends and there are plenty of planets for you to explore.Pros:> plenty of planets to explore> fun to play with friendsCons:> space terraria?
,Recommended,211820,22044556,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Sypher,"Starbound is actually a good game.People are just mad because the game is changing, a lot, but i feel as though that the changes mad e were neccasary to fit the style of the game.if you dont like it right now, just wait until the next update, you will be amazed."
,Recommended,211820,22688799,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Xray Homer Simps,10/10 bes♥♥♥♥♥♥♥est gam 2016 k buy it.
76561198129876883,Recommended,211820,22655197,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Pshoko,Great adventure/survival game and also great for creativity!!!
76561198034780744,Recommended,211820,23461018,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Diabetic Dizzle,Really fun and addictive
,Not Recommended,211820,24783715,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Theo Profiterole,"What a brilliant game this is.. sorry, I mean was. With the recent 1.0 Update (Full Release) I thought we may be getting more content, better items, new tech and a whole boat load more of things to do and explore. However, this was not the case. It just seems like so much has been cut, and the way the game is now played is focused around some boring repetitive quests. There is no exploring involved, unless you are interested in being witness to a slightly different cave structure than the last. Chests are few and far between with nothing inside that is worth the trouble you went through to find them.I spent 8 hours today trying out the 1.0 patch and just found myself repeatadly dying and beaming back down to fight the next monster in the dungeon, if I was lucky. It was more like finishing off the monster I weakened on the previous life.Real shame as I loved this game on release."
76561198056297116,Recommended,211820,24789116,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Nuinto,"I cannot recommend this game enough, and since the the trailer for 1.0 came out, i have not stopped smiling. For me, it was like watching a child grow up. Keep up the good work Chucklefish"
,Recommended,211820,24789966,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,The_EveryMann,"Its really good, ok?Enough said!Oh yeah and get mods."
76561198016861078,Recommended,211820,24583700,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,The Yellow Admiral,I'm not quite sure what I am doing. But I have built my dream home high on a mountain side. It will soon become my base of operations as I take over the known universe. Feeling lucky.
,Recommended,211820,24647282,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,The Don,"First off, let me just mention that I loved Terraria back when it was released. A two-dimensional minecraft with tons more unique creatures and biomes, not to mention unique bosses for different sections of the world.Now we see this beautiful casual gaming masterpiece we know as Starbound; much like Terraria, but on a much, MUCH larger scale. It may not have as many pre-designed creatures, and the procedurally generated ones may not be much to talk about either, but when combined with the variation of the different worlds' landscapes and scenery, procedurally generated or not, they fit in very nicely with the worlds around you. There are many more block types, most of which share a theme with other blocks. If put together correctly, you could even create a style completely different from that of the rest of the game. The bosses are okay. In a way, they feel like your average boss in Terraria; quite tough when you get to it, possibly even inspiring during your first time fighting it, but once you beat them once, it's like riding a bicycle.And although the gameplay is solid, addictive, and most importantly FUN, I will admit that what really caught my attention when I started playing this game was the character customization, whether it be via the character creator, cosmetic items found in-game, or a combination of the two. And this leads in to another topic of discussion: roleplay. I'm quite into it, and believe me when I say that this game is bursting with potential in terms of roleplay. The game has a linear storyline with non-linear gameplay, allowing the player to complete the game at their own pace, or simply choose not to complete the game at all. With this in mind, the player may choose to complete the game in order to get it out of the way or simply not do anything and stop tracking Esther's quests if that furthers their concentration on whatever activities they may be pursuing, such as roleplay, building a colony, exploring, or any combination of those.Now if you'll excuse me, I have an appointment to kick Big Ape's @$$ in about half an hour, so enjoy the game and its future updates. This game is definitely recommended by me and earns my seal of approval (which doesn't really mean much and is only meant to emphasise my fondness for this game)"
,Recommended,211820,24746288,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Rexzelius,Does anyone know if this will work with steam link?
76561198136984179,Recommended,211820,24289850,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,nightwing2208,is good game just needs a few tweks
76561198082380598,Recommended,211820,24324695,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,AdviceWizard,THIS GAME IS AMAZING. I say play it!
76561198072511028,Recommended,211820,24471636,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Cobalt T. Dragon,its like terraria and borderlands had an amazing 2d dream baby with all the random weapons even a few legendarys 0_o
76561198080477509,Recommended,211820,24536260,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Alpha_pro,Why is this better than Terraria?You can Swim.
,Recommended,211820,24560790,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,AstaAlana,"I love the storyline start, it's refreshing and a lot of fun to play it. The first mission gets you familiar with the controls and then it's just unending exploring. I've played it several hours with friends, and that makes it even more fun.I love this game <3"
,Recommended,211820,24604650,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,worldsreaper,"i thought terraria was a good 2d exploration game but this?... Its FANTASTIC, how there or thousands of planets for you to explore and set up base on any of them that you like. I've been playing since the beta a few years ago and i love how its changed since! The story is great and the bosses are challenging to fight, and the modding? well thats also great if you want to expand your playtime by a few hours or more!i give this a 9/10 for being a great game to play. i just wish the walking was a little less but who am i kidding."
,Recommended,211820,24612842,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,quin,its like terraria but with hoverbikes
76561198036147631,Recommended,211820,24671139,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,BasedKojima,"I'd really like to send my thanks to the devs for this game, I bought this game aaaages ago and never really played it but decided to give it a go after v1.0 came out, and it's brilliant! The devs are alwys throwing out updates with extra content and bug fixes, so it's good to know they're working round the clock to improve their game.First impressions were ""Ugh, another Terraira/Minecraft clone"". But it genuinley is it's own game. Played it properly for a few hours last night with one of my mates and we were having a great time playing this game. What sets it apart from other games like Terraria is the superior crafting and gathering materials, much easier in this I find, and there seems to be an actual story with this, plus questlines with rewards.In all if you've played games like Minecraft and Terraria, and enjoyed them, this game is vastly superior, for the sake of £12 you do get a really enjoyable game, especially if you play with friends.Give it a go!"
,Recommended,211820,24671312,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,MrClean,The best game I have for steam if i could rate in stars it would be six stars (:.Also get this game.
76561198024038286,Recommended,211820,24672795,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,D_arka,"A different vision of a game since its first Early Access release, but thats not a bad thing. It's still Starbound, still fun, tons of stuff to do and see, an awesome story, expansive universe. Never once have I been bored doing anything. It's quite the amazing game. Considering all its been through this game is IMHO 10/10 would play again, play with friends or family.Sure theres some thing I miss like the gravity bubble, but oh well. Starbound is still fun. I recommend this game to anyone on the edge of the thought process. If you like games like Terraria, Stardew Valley, or Minecraft, It'll be a fun time for you."
76561198119630635,Recommended,211820,24683245,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Matthew_Morawa,Buy it. You will not regret this decision.
,Recommended,211820,24739265,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Warbrand2,"dicided to finally play this after having been angered by it in the early days. (when you had to build the items to summon the bosses).well I started out wanting to do the story..... about 3 days later I realized I just spent 3 days with minimal sleep and I build a large military bunker on a lava planet with turrets on its surface and everything. man it is fun to watch as auto guns blow mobs to bits, just have to walk out and collect the peaces.that said, word ot the wise, do not get rid of that dinky little sword you start with, it becomes something special once you  get the glitch artifact, and turn it in for repair."
76561198054944070,Not Recommended,211820,24785312,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,TwitchFast,"Would I recommend this game? No.Sure the controls are kind of strange and the interface isn't the greatest but that isn't what killed the game for me, it was the bugs.First notable bug that I can recall is that if I'm Tabbed out in a multiplayer session, an ally attempting to teleport to my ship by merely right-clicking my Icon will immediately have their game crashed.Again, this isn't exactly game-breaking, but it's definitely an inconvenience that has surely been overlooked.Next is the meat of my disappointment that eventually made me give up on Starbound and desperately seek a refund despite having had played for roughly 12 hours.An unfortunate event of our electric breaker tripping caused our characters to be rendered completely useless, as the entire game had reset excluding our characters. This meant the entire world was broken and the only method of playing it again was to restart, therefore my brother and I had lost 12 hours of progress.And yes I can see how this isn't entirely Starbound's fault, however when I checked the forums it appeared several other players have had this issue excluding the electricity cut-out, so this isn't a one-off case.Generally this game just feels like it never actually gained anything from the 1.0 release and if anything became worse, FPS issues are a thing in certain worlds despite a more than capable system (i7-4790k + 780 Ti + 16GB of memory).I'm extremely appreciative of Steam for refunding this, I bought two copies and greatly regretted it."
,Recommended,211820,24790480,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,hypnotic,"A Starbound mini-review...I've  played Terraria and liked it a lot, especially with friends. This game is a more focussed affair.A good thing!The Sci-Fi setting and being able to visit different planets is very cool.I finished the first few quests/stories and haven't tried colonies or crew aspects yet. It is great after a few hours in.I think the game is a bit too easy though and would have liked it to be a bit harder. You know... survival and needing time in game to unlock more powerful items. It also sounds like some fun mechanics were removed from beta for some reason. Temperature etcI played with hunger on (survival mode, not casual), but soon it becomes no problem as I was swimming in canned food and chocolates after a while. :)The quest missions are too long IMHO (moonbase). I would have prefered many more shorter quests, locations and mini-bosses with loot to visit instead. Maybe a few more quests that are needed to fix various sub-systems of the spaceship before it becomes space-worthy or the need to assemble/gather components from quests for an enviro-suit that allows for airless environment exploration? Such as moons.I will still carry on playing for sure and exploring more of this game and maybe even invite a friend or two to share in this fun experience.Overall this is an interesting and fun game and a MUST-HAVE for your collection.If you like chilled sandbox exploration style games with some action platformer thrown in. This game should keep you pleasantly busy for many hours. Buy it. You won't be sorry."
76561198113940617,Recommended,211820,24317604,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Mike567,Can't wait for 1.0 8 more days!
76561198281994263,Recommended,211820,24324508,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,im da fat penguin,i like the game its relly cool to play but how do you get thouse machs thim big robot suits i wode like to know and wane i made my first charater it got deleted from the update it had and i got the starbound unstabled i cant run it wan i start to play the first missin it just crachis but its still a reilly coool game to play and i hope that othere people play it
,Recommended,211820,24580220,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Golden Eland,"I bought this game a long time ago and let me tell you my experience with it.You make a character and they release you into a planet, you fix your ship and you're off to the stars, gathering rare items and minerals, helping others with their day to day lives, you can make your own ship crew and even have your own village! The game is vast and has tremendous room for creativity, if you liked terraria you will LOVE this game.The team behind this game is amazing, to say the least, daily updates on the situation, letting us know what they were doing, asking for suggestions, this game has allot of love in it and that's something you rarely see these days. If you have to think about it, buy it, you won't regret it.Not to mention the incredible mod community in this game."
,Recommended,211820,24625858,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Questionable Saint,"I play Skyrim with about ninety mods and it runs smoother than this game.Starbound has always been harsh on my subpar system, but the game itself upon releasecauses overheating which has shut down my laptop more than once now.There isn't really much I myself can do to fix it, my laptop just has terrible cooling, but a game likeStarbound shouldn't be destroying her any faster than she's already dying.Now it's also notable to say what little I have been able to play since the new release has beena bit of a slight. A.I. personalities were removed, the story/opening is cliche and doesn't even makesense for most species beyond humans. Everything that makes races fun beyond looks was gottenrid of, basically.Quests are harder to follow, they come from everywhere and anywhere and become insanelyrepetitive. The quest system should be used as a guide for players who don't have as muchinitiative to explore right away; instead it feels like binding chains that don't even get youthe basic knowledge to move on. For instance, instead of getting the ability to breath with noatmosphere after your first dungeon as it used to be, you now have to craft it. This is not a questand if you're not paying attention you'll be really confused and crying for fuel to get around,defeating the main purpose for quests.Now that said I've really enjoyed StarBound, and once they sort out their issues, particularly inoptimization it'll be a lot better of an experience for everyone."
,Recommended,211820,24693139,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,TheMaster101,"Love this game. Probably one of my most favortive games to play. I recommend this to people who like 2D RPG, MMO Games. I also love how you can choose what you want your destiny to be."
76561198121110035,Recommended,211820,24694286,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Luis,"The game is charming and LITTERED with things to do. I played Terraria before and while I enjoyed it, there is something special about Starbound in which you can pick different races, each with different weapons, pets, ships, and there are tons of planets each with their own ecosystem. The mods that are coming out for this are amazing and will add life to the game for a very long time. Definitely worth the purchase!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24670753,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Thraco,"This game had great potential and even tough I enjoyed the hell out of it in it's early stages, I cannot recommend it to you nowadays."
76561198271893445,Not Recommended,211820,24670848,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,howardg,"As of right now I wouldn't recommend this game due to the fact that no matter what I do, I can't even open the game without an error message. I've tried updating my system, reinstalling the game, and everything. I can't even use this game until the problem is solved with an update or bug fix."
,Recommended,211820,24673888,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,AkanaKitsuneNeo ♌,Its great for Players who like Terraria or just plain Si-Fi things.This game is great for exploration and buildin.
76561198071757278,Recommended,211820,24692659,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Omnishite,"To anyone thinking this is just a stupid Terraria clone, then you are dead wrong.Indeed, Starbound is very similar to Terraria, both in graphics and playstyle, what with both being 2d side-scrollers. However, Starbound is very, very different.Unlike Terraria, Starbound has a very large amount of lore and backstore that the player can discover by reading the official wikis, or by finding in-game codex entries. Choosing one of 7 different playable races that will affect the story, Starbound also comes with a fully functioning main questline for the player to complete at thier own pace, and an infinite number of randomly generated side quests to enjoy as well. Boss battles, armor and weapons crafting, crew gathering, and colony building are amoung the many features this title has to offer. But perhaps its main selling point, and infinite number of planets and solar systems to explore in an infinite, randomly generated universe. Terraria has one world to explore, granted a large one, but Starbound has as many as you care to explore, as long as you have enough fuel for your ship to make an FTL jump!Starbound is indeed a very enjoyable game, and the modding community is one of the best on steam. If you are going to play Starbound, make sure to get Frakin' Universe to go along with it, most likely the best (and biggest) mod out there at the moment for the game.Fully endorse Starbound, and i am very much looking forward to the future of this game. 10/10"
76561198007264965,Recommended,211820,25590696,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,skyspartan,"I've had this game since it's inception. Even in its extremely early, raw form, the game was fun and packed with potential. And that potential has not been squandered during the development process.. Starbound emerged as a seemingly infinite, beautiful universe that makes you want to just get out there and explore! And I can't stress the beautiful part enough. There have been moments where I just needed to stop and watch the sunrise over an alien planet."
76561198102799363,Recommended,211820,15939886,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,[TG][AI] Gavsterman,"Like Terraria, but in space. This game has the same style as the popular side-scrolling blocky sandbox game known as Terraria. This game has fun and inviting pixelated art style, good animations, and some of the best music i've heard from a video game. pretty much everything is procedurally generated, from the planets, to monsters, and even weapons. the ships are not procedurally generated, but are very cool. Each race has unique craftable items, ships, and starter pets. This game is in early development so everything is subject to change. The developers do care about this game, the updates aren't very frequent, but are mostly very polished and bug free and alway add something new and exciting. There is one thing, however, I have to mention. Once you do all of the quests at the outpost and fully upgrade your ship, amor, and weapons, there isn't much to do other than find a planet and build the biggest, awesomest home base you can think of. And if you're into that then that's probably pretty good news. This is an extremely fun game and i hope you found this review helpful, thank you."
,Recommended,211820,16034180,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,d1vinity,"Best game ever. Terraria meets space travel. Great graphics, fun gameplay, Perfect game. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,16338854,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,God_of_Insurance,This game is soooooo fun. I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,211820,17806101,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,💕 𝓐𝓶𝔂 💕,11/10 Better than Terraria.
76561198022859266,Recommended,211820,14269685,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,RCG,This new update kicks this game up a notch. The compelling atmosphere it had at launch is now backed up with content worthy of the art music and tight controls.
,Recommended,211820,14273035,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,88 Fingers Edd,Its a good game but if you just wanna build stuff with your friends it's alot easier to just play terraria.
76561198031288059,Recommended,211820,14267336,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,bloodred407,"From the little i've played of this new update it was definatly the right steps towards a better game, however i still get the sensation that as before, the game will dry up. i'll update as i progress but for those who know this game i suspect it'll be similar to how the old game didn't have any replayability after getting top tier armors and top tier weapons."
76561198140824416,Recommended,211820,14269825,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mung Daal,Great game. Fix multiplayer fajits or i'll fak yer bit srsly pls do...... i'll pai u in gum leik in teh tridint comerculs brah
,Recommended,211820,14269207,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Dubble,"Okay, so I've already praised this game and all it's features but there's just been a massive update... It has completely overhauled every detail of the game and it honestly does not have the same feel. IT IS SO MUCH MORE AWESOME. THe Matter Manipulator is useful now, Combat is much more challenging and fun, but most importantly... It doesn't feel like Terraria 2 anymore. This game was already unique enough as it was but now. This could honestly be released as a full game right now and I wouldn't complain, but these guys know why Minecraft and Terraria did well. I only have a few nitpicks like all ore is significantly rarer & WTF are core fragments, but I digress. If you liked Terraria, you are going to play this for ages. It is accessible but can provide a pretty good challenge. It's good, buy it."
76561198083045493,Recommended,211820,14270062,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nibbas Whomst Wear Colgate,"This game is basically a futuristic Terraria with that has a well-followed storyline. Even if it is in early beta access, Starbound is a very huge game that has more items and contents in it than you can count.Starbound is focused on adventure and survival. It is very easy to die in the game, which makes it very hard: on your first playthrough, its practically impossible to get your first full set of iron armor without dying once. The best part of Starbound is that you can choose from 7 races that each have their own cultural style, like the tribal Florans and western Novakids. Even if the beginning of Starbound is not so exciting, once you beat the first boss, the real game begins: You will get the choice of orienting towards combat (my personal favorite), mining and more.So overall:Pros:+ Good gameplay+ A lot of character customization options+ An uncountable amount of items and blocks+ Medieval Robots!+ Winter update has a motherload (I had to say it lol) of new items and even ship upgrades!Cons:- Start of game is boring- Village Guards are too OPOverall, I rate this game 8/10. It's great so far, but has room for some improvement.EDIT: There is a crash that happens when you die of fall damage in water. I use water for safely landing when falling into the caves. One of those were too shallow (about 19.5 blocks deep) and I discovered it. I don't find that crash to be too game-ruining, because I fixed that to be a lot deeper. So, just remember when using water for a safe landing, make it about 35+ blocks deep."
,Recommended,211820,14267056,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,The Retarded Sock,"Great game so far, about 50hrs put in.Pros:-More simple then Terraria, i jumped right in, had more time than terraria, and ive had it over a year.-Tutorials to guide you in the direction to go.-Easy to setup multiplayer ( assuming you use hamachi)-Acess to nightly and unstable builds, newest updates hot off the press.-Unstable isn't that buggy.-Similar to other survival games, build, mine, armour up, build mine- etc.Cons:-Its similar to other survival games, build, mine, armour up, build mine-etc. ( Can be good or bad.)-Hasn't had a major update on stable for a while-Unstable + Nightly builds have planet wipes.-Player base seems to have a renowned hate for the developers because they 'dont update the game'. I however, respectfully disagree, only because nightly builds are updated all the time, just not being pushed to stable.-Games been in Early Acess for too long, push unstable to stable and slap 1.0 on this game.8/10. I enjoy playing this game, only if it had more content!And please, this review is a matter of my observations and what other people have said and agreed on."
,Recommended,211820,17584983,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Juchi,"Just wow... This game is surely awesome i have been playing it from the time i bought it. It's a lot like terraria but it brings much more with the space exploration and and completing quests of different kind mostly it's just mining stuff yeah but it's still a lot of adventure also there is a lot to create or do some wiring mechanics... so yeah that's it, i love this game!"
76561198025875064,Not Recommended,211820,17736278,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Davd,Cant even get it to start up since the last update..
,Recommended,211820,29345371,Posted: 18 January,all,cyaro201,mkay
,Recommended,211820,32307489,Posted: 9 June,all,KevBoomDead LFT,The perfect exploration game doesn't exi-
,Recommended,211820,8023154,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Jihadi Johnson,so mlg
76561198074466704,Recommended,211820,24583825,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Cheers love! The cavalry's here!,Great!
76561198097908007,Recommended,211820,24515030,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Lach Key,2D No man's sky
76561198151881016,Recommended,211820,24877568,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,HellzBlazez,Great game if you loved Terraria.
76561198049833250,Recommended,211820,28350107,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Black Babe Killer Payne,"I love Starbund, but always thought Starbound would sound better though"
76561198088194993,Recommended,211820,32913766,Posted: 27 June,all,JohnnyRidden,"I think im in love. maybe its space, maybe its planets, maybe its making a gun and shooting aliens like the good old metroid days... MAYBE ITS THE GUNDAM MOD!!!!!!"
76561198042141450,Recommended,211820,32918245,Posted: 28 June,all,Drakora990,great game if you like terraria chances are you will like this game because they are similar
,Recommended,211820,24511811,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,bondrewd's friendly elevator,"It took them forever to finish but this game is so fun now, I don't think I've ever played a game for 17 hours in 3 days before"
,Recommended,211820,8939720,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,PaxxPatriot,This game is what i was waiting for! It is better than Terraria or Minecraft. The opening mission is good to learn the basics and after that you can do what you want. Wanna farm on a blue planet? Do it! Wanna kill animals and monsters? Do it! This game is a big game and i hope that the developers bring more updates to keep the game awesome!
,Recommended,211820,20148691,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CJ,10/10 nothing else to say
76561198074291196,Recommended,211820,24480182,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Eve,"i mostly played beta and early accses for one hundred and twenty hours (at this time) and i counclude that this game is great.pros: -A diverce and colorful character creation.-seven different races-Fun quests that you dont always have to do atleast after a while-Workshop has been added now.-Guns AND Swords.-A pretty good progress system.-This game can run on a potato.Prefrence: -Its 2D so not everyone is going to like it.-Its in space and not realistic at all so people looking for a more realistic experience should not look at this game.-If you absolutly despice penguins so much so that you cant even look at them this game is not for you.Cons: -I cant find any...buy this game if you like any of the following: space exploration, survival, sandbox, 2D games.Now im going to tell you how i got this game. I saw a youtube video on yogscast playing this and i tried to see how much it cost. Me being poor after getting my inventory scamed from me i had get money somewhere. So i tried robbing the bank. I got away and bought the game. 10/10 would get scamed and have to rob a bank again."
,Recommended,211820,32300311,Posted: 9 June,all,Rubeye,♥♥♥♥ No Man's Sky! This is the real♥♥♥♥♥♥Just take it! Take all my money!!!!!!
76561198143276621,Recommended,211820,23331795,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,lanefellow,"Definitely worth it, a very fun game, i reccomend it"
,Recommended,211820,24196556,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,8ey,"Amazing game, but it really needs Steam Multiplayer Support. add that and i think you get the perfect game!"
,Recommended,211820,24198627,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Darkest Souls,"This game in my honest opinion is not perfect, but amazing nonetheless. You can spend hours exploring space, fighting enemies, digging for minerals, or you can spend hours farming, builing a village, tending to livestock and just listening to this games phenomal soundtrack. Would highly reccomend to anyone and everyone who enjoys 2D Dungeon, RPG, Sandboxes."
76561198043607793,Recommended,211820,24200631,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Willyam,"Every monster sounds like a horse, with the next one always sounding angrier and horsier than the last. I'm scared 11/10 best NEIGH!"
,Recommended,211820,24205818,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Grand Dad,"This game is one of the most original, fun and extensive games I've ever played. I've barely even dipped a toe in the monster sized pool that is this game, and yet, I can say with complete certainty that you should by this game. From it's loot system similar to Borderlands, to it's gigantic randomly generated universe akin to No man's  Sky. Starbound, is an excellent game, buy it."
,Recommended,211820,24281782,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,johnshadows47,"For those who like to explore, collect, craft, create or destroy, either alone or with friends. this game is extremely recommended.  I bought it two weeks ago, and I'm extremely satisfied with this game.After I completed the first main quest of repairing the ship's thrusters, I was amazed when I sat at the pilot seat and the Travel screen appeared. I clicked on the zoom out button, and watched how the map switched to the local planets, then to the expanded universe. Each star is  a solar system you can explore, each with unique features, items and enemies to fight."
76561198089679834,Recommended,211820,24382417,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,『Shrooms』,"When I was introduced to Starbound, I expected another cheesy Terraria rip-off. And honestly at first it was. Then they started spewing out updates and I learned about nightly which just made the game all the better. Now it actaully kind of has a story, decent exploration rewards, and multiplayer isn't a hassle anymore. My one concern is the amount of space the game has. By this I mean it feels kind of empty. An entire universe to explore yet you're limited to 6 tiers and limited weapon skills? I guess what I'm trying to say here is it's a good game, but once you finish all the quests and get the best gear there isn't much to do. Most sandbox games like this one atleast have something to do afterwards, but once you're done the most available to do is build or grind for the insane amount of pixels needed to buy ship upgrade licenses.All in all, fun for a decent amount of hours, not much replayability. Recommend."
76561198231090460,Recommended,211820,24475229,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Hard-Tail Riden,Im so glad that the Starbound team have made this game to the best it can be.I can remember when it came out it was fun but after a while it kind of got boring but then it started to evolve and Chucklefish started to produce mind blowing game.And know its leaving orbit and entering*!version 1.0!*I highly recomend this game.Enjoy.
76561198276242158,Recommended,211820,25566934,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,MChird,"good if you like 2D survival games like terraria, but i don't"
76561198031057842,Recommended,211820,25600490,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,PaperD76,"So. Much. Butthurt.Wah the developers keep changing things!The game direction should cater to me, and my playstyle only! Only I speak for the player community and we hate the game!Wah wah wah.Newsflash to those who have yet to try the game: That is not true.I appreciate the different directions Chucklefish took the game in it's long EA, and Starbound is something I periodically come back to the game.The game is moddable, there is a ton of content, and you are free to do what you want with it.For every hater out there who complains that this is another empty, boring no man's sky or worse than terraria, that is your review and opinion.But I just had to post a review to counter the wall of hate. And no, I am not shilling for Chucklefish nor do I agree with all the stances they have taken in the past.But be fair folks.For 15 bucks Starbound is a mighty fine game if you enjoy the genre."
,Recommended,211820,26570233,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,EVIL DR VON TACO「Bites the Dust」,"This game is actually quite fun, if you like scifi games and terraria this is the game for you, now, some of the quests in this game a a little...♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, as, you need to go and find a item that is part of a generated structure.This structure only spawns on desert planets.The closest desert planet to me at the time was a few hundred systems away."
76561198119369754,Recommended,211820,26623490,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,TheStrike13,This is fun for a solo gamer or a couple friends to explore the galaxy. 8.5/10 IGN
,Recommended,211820,26635245,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,The_Isaiah,"I do reccomend it because it is really fun and there is all different types of monsters. Also because you get to choose how you live like a person who lives peacefully or you can be a person that attacks all the time. I would buy it, its worth it!"
,Recommended,211820,28114508,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Hamhamdude,beautiful music
76561198139134067,Recommended,211820,29883523,Posted: 12 February,all,Newin,"I thoroughly love this game and have very little bad to say about it, would recomend for a great singleplayer experience."
,Recommended,211820,30275423,Posted: 2 March,all,Эпплджек,"I've been pretty satisfied with the game. However, there's that time where my computer glitched out and the game crashed, and after the crash, the hen and the robot chicken stopped producing. Can you please help with that? Also, my game seem to have to be started twice before it works everytime I try to launch the game, maybe it's my computer but it could also be the game, please fix?"
,Recommended,211820,32557304,Posted: 18 June,all,undrcovr,If terraria and no mans sky (some alternate good verion of it) had a 2D baby
76561198191260082,Recommended,211820,32628615,Posted: 21 June,all,Intrabloom,"This game is one of those games wher you look at it and you say, ""Another game like this?! This is a Terraria rip-off!"" But when you delve deeper into the game, you realize there's a story to it. There are multiple paths to take and an entire new world to explore. Build kingdoms like you've never before seen, or rule over people made of gas. The possibilities are endless. MY favorite is to pick up mercenaries from random missions and let the mercs fight for me. You can pick up a quest and then just throw it away if it doesn't suit you. There are multiple modes and you can add mods from the workshop like the Frackin' Series. The best modpack on Steam!So join Starbound. I recommend it! :D"
,Recommended,211820,32998368,Posted: 29 June,all,Sir.Salami,Put too many mods .... crashed ... 10/10 will install more mods again
76561198097878820,Recommended,211820,33199329,Posted: 3 July,all,mgs_loggerhead,Love this game
,Recommended,211820,33206042,Posted: 3 July,all,WarriorcatsFTW,"Pros:-Great graphics and soundtrack-Infinite space exploration-Obtaining materials isn't tedious-Do whatever you want-You never have to be lonely with colonies/villages-Great backgrounds and codexes on the different races-Good story-Not much lag (Until you have big builds)Cons:-Large colonies can get laggy on weaker computers-Combat system can be tricky to figure out at first-Hunger bar can be an issue (If you're playing on survival)-Difficulty/tiers go up quite steeply (This can be a pro as well, if you like that style)-Main storyline's missions can become boring, although it's optional and completion is not required for progressOverall I woud really recommend this game to anyone that likes sandbox games such as Minecraft or Terraria, space exploration games, or a mixture of both."
76561198138759261,Recommended,211820,33577680,Posted: 15 July,all,Lord Petyr Baelish,A Fantastic Game. 10/10
76561198292549624,Recommended,211820,33734350,Posted: 22 July,all,Mr.Hunter,BEST 2D SPACE EXPLORER IVE EVER SEEN.HOPE TO SEE MORE AWESOME CONTENT CHUCKLEFISH :D
,Recommended,211820,34227264,Posted: 13 August,all,johannmack,"Awesome, it's definetely one of the funnest games i've ever played."
,Recommended,211820,24467091,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,CupcakeJunkie,"I love this game, I've had it for years and always believed in it from the start and to see it finally release is just great! The devs are fantastic as well, I can not recommend this game enough if you enjoy exploring, building, crafting etc."
76561198260495279,Recommended,211820,24470720,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Superbird102905,Great game. Its a survival-based RPG so if you liked terraria i recommend it to you. However the bosses aren't too chalenging.
76561198080123467,Recommended,211820,24473802,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The Village Idiot,"I remember this game when it first came out. You spawned on the ship go explore. That was it.Now they add in so much content, a STORY and finally steam multiplayer so i can play with my friends.Just go and buy it to the support the developers that are actually bringing their games out of early access."
76561198169001797,Recommended,211820,24474539,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Catfoood,love the game.
,Recommended,211820,25563923,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Changaloid,It was cool but it doesnt have the same replayability as Terraria had for me since when you saw a planet you saw all of them7/10
,Recommended,211820,25661310,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,astrolink,Starbound is good at the best right now its fun but the beta was way better but the new one is still fun.
,Recommended,211820,25715224,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Dart6672,"Starbound is truly one of a kind for its genre's. Many compare it to Minecraft but that alone does not dignify the true depth that it has.Starbound combines a typical indie RPG with sandbox, crafting and noticeable advancement. But it also allows you to stray from the main quests path and just do your own thing, whether you want to become super powerful and track down all collectables or just build your own colony and become a landlord the choice is truly yours and is limited to what you want to create.You also have the chance to play as one of the seven (more can be added with mods) races and each comes with a unique spaceship which is uniquely themed to that specific race.It is also very easily moddable and even the universe can be modded so you can find new types of planets.All in all 10/10. 30+ hours on just 1 character and still so much content to work through."
,Recommended,211820,26622678,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,terrance804428,"This game is astounding and as someone who has played Terraria from beginning to end I would like to extend my perspective of this great game. Many people have said this game is too much like Terraria to stand up on it's own or even to stand out. I would love to disagree this game, yes, is largely similar to Terraria but so different in so many ways that it feels like a whole different game. It adds space exploration and lengthy missions to an already expansive engine for combat and for creation as well, there are so many things to craft and expand, many of which can be uniqly customized to be your own. The combat is fluid and you can seemlessly change from weapon to weapon although similar to Terraria there is enough variation in the weapons catagory that no two weapons feel exactly the same, the backgrounds and biomes are expanssive and feel alive, I can honestly say that I don't regret buying this game and for 15 dollars I'm still very excited for new updates and I see myself playing this game a lot more than I already have."
76561198257147075,Recommended,211820,26639323,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Liquid Matter,The game is awesome! but when i play the game keep lagging and has tons of bugs. the background have black square and i cant see the planet... try to fix it so we can play it!
76561198109819069,Recommended,211820,29769254,Posted: 7 February,all,General Gerald Smithers,9000000 h
,Recommended,211820,30041596,Posted: 19 February,all,Matuzka,Good expectations for this game! :-)
76561198274252948,Recommended,211820,33251764,Posted: 4 July,all,TillerTheKiller,Terraria...BUT MUCH BETTER
76561198000585758,Recommended,211820,24479246,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BlakeOtter,"My original review of this game appears to have been premature.  I had once given a thumbs down and not recommended it to anyone, seeing is it seemed stuck in development hell, and that the devs had essentually given up on the game.It was brought to my attention last night that this has finally been released in a 1.0 version and is much more complete.  While this isn't directly a review at this point, I wanted to clarify my previous negative review to those who may have read it and made a judgement call because of it.  I'll be sure to put more details in an actual review, but I wanted to just mention that."
76561198192280539,Recommended,211820,24481792,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,doomday,one of the best game ive ever played
76561198277542077,Recommended,211820,24481811,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bleach Bomb,"The prettiest game that I've seen in my library. Apart from terraria, this is my favourite game to play when I feel down/stressed. The music is beautiful and calming, plus there's a billion things I have yet to do in this wonderful game. Now that this game is in 1.0, I'm really excited for the game. It's been really successful, coming out of early access. And I really enjoy this game, but if you're not a 2D Survival Sandbox kind of person, then go away. But if you are one, you should definitely try this out. I'm happy with my purchase, and hope anyone who buys this is too."
,Recommended,211820,24588192,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,[¢] x Xeno,"""Put some mustard on that♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,211820,24757178,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Aids,".Update 1.3-New mechs--New space things to do--slowed down mechanics--The game is now way too slow, before it was perfect.-The new mechs are fun to use and allow new possibilitys, but now there's no point in making certain equipment to survive hazardous islands, since all you need is your mech.-All you need is gold for pixels, so why not go to space fields?-How they can fix this.Make it so the mech needs recharging a lot.Make it so the manipulator isn't non existent.Make it so the mech can't survive everything without getting the equipment first, like we used to.Make asteroid fields, hella more dangerous. So you can't just happily mine safelyOverall ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thinking about the update, but it is also amazing, so 7/10."
76561197970565915,Recommended,211820,25255510,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,INeedAName,"This game is like a mix between terraria and the idea of no mans sky. It has an interesting story you can follow, a sandbox world that has different creatures and dungeons or futuristic bases you can explore, and a very good character creation system where you can choose from very interesting races. You also join your friends world and explore planets and build bases with them. Another cool mechanic are the space ships you travel in. Each race has a different ship and you can add on to your ship and build giant freighters with crew members to help you control your ship. The last thing I like about this game is that the developers are actually improving it. If you see some early reviews people say that the game is empty and the developers just wanted money. Since then there have been two major updates and the game is great!8.5/10"
76561198354343380,Recommended,211820,30277400,Posted: 2 March,all,bkatsy2006,"The game has a glitch - the battle with the Big Ape if turn in morph-ball he will only attack of the walls with his fists, and if there was only1Proektor that uses swords attack and dies. But in general, a good game."
,Recommended,211820,25455248,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,BLUBERRIES,better than terreria
,Recommended,211820,28606227,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,♋Fadora♋,its a great game
,Recommended,211820,32854760,Posted: 27 June,all,Diwan254,"Great game, honestly can't get enough of it, and the new update makes it even better"
,Not Recommended,211820,33714358,Posted: 22 July,all,ZerefZepher,"It's not bad by any means, but Starbound joined too late to the party and took way too long to fix its underlying issues.I'm more for Terraria, but pick your poison."
,Recommended,211820,24504708,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,tastyjerk|TNS,"I've played this game off and on over the course of Early Access and really enjoyed what it had, and was excited over its potential. I always ended up putting it down in favor of waiting for a more solid 1.0 release, and now that it's here, I am SUPER excited to continue playing it solo and with friends.If you've played Terraria, you sort of know what to expect, but expand that sort of concept and core gameplay to a galactic level where the different Biomes are actual other planets that you have to fly to and discover! Each planet is mainly focused on one biome, so definitely don't expect to stick around one planet for too long. Your ship is upgradeable, theres a colony and crew system, as well as nicely fleshed out farming and pets systems as well. Over the course of time you can expect greater tech upgrades for your ship, for yourself (combat, movement, utility, etc) akin to the sorts of things you might expect from a Metroidvania game.Compared to Early Access, the 1.0 release is much more of a smooth experience with a fully fleshed out story mode, questing system, and all systems in place to encourage you to keep moving forward and keep exploring. There are plenty of scripted events and random events to keep things interesting as you explore. For instance, on one planet youmight encounter a giant chain raising up to the sky, that ends up being the anchor for a pirate ship in orbit, or another planet might have an inhospitable atmosphere but much loot to be found, so it's always interesting to see what you encounter.All in all its a very well polished experience from a dev that wanted to make this the best game that it could be, and it seems like this game will continue to grow. As it is right now though, it is totally worth the money, and you can expect to find a lot of replay value in this."
,Recommended,211820,25708314,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Blanket,"Starbound is the cross between Terraria and what No Mans Sky should have been. If you're a fan of exploration, Terraria, or just fun games all in all then this is the game for you. I've played for twenty two hours as of this review and it's been worth every minute. The game is packed with content and doesn't allow a single dull moment. Definitely recommended!"
76561198023457849,Recommended,211820,28418208,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,nWo4Life,"""Manifest Destiny In Space"" would be a better title.  Land on alien worlds, plunder their natural resources, and kill all the indigenous life."
76561198156711141,Recommended,211820,21527970,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Omnipotentpotato,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEWI absolutley love this game. I have owned it as long as I have had steam, and let me just say that this game makes Terraria look like a middle school project. The array of blocks you can choose is ridiculous, something like a couple thousand of them. Unique monsters fill each and every of the infinite amount of worlds, and gameplay is entertaining for hours. The soundtrack is the best I have heard, although sometimes repetitive. Chucklefish did an excellent job on this.11/10 would get killed by a bunny again.POST EARLY ACCESS REVIEWWell, now that it is out of Early Access, I guess I need to update my review.I very much have enjoyed this game, and with over 100 hours, I can say that easily.Pros:-Steam Join is a nice touch, now I don't have to set up a Hamachi account.-The vast array of land I can use to build is great, my projects are unhindered.-Hats!-All the little things that go into the game. From the Mazebound 64 to the Ship Upgrade animations, each one looks great.-Music instruments, fun thing to use while adventuring across planets.-HATS!-Penguins, of course!-The sweeping scores of the soundtrack is beautiful. Screw what I said earlier, it is just great.-The story is good. Some of it feels forced, yet others answer many questions I have had.Cons:-Same deal as Undertale. Community can be really cringy.-Exploring becomes repetitive. Not a problem in the early hundred hours, but becomes an issue later.In the end, I am still a fan of this game. My personal rating is 9.75/10.Death by bunny. nvm, 1/10 (JK)"
76561198147025995,Recommended,211820,24380535,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Panchill,"Absolutely fantastic game! There's a lot of variety and customization when making a character, building colonies on unique planets, catchingpokemonalien monsters that can fight for you, playing midi music on any instrument you can find while your friend begs you to stop, and decorating your ship (if you play terraria or minecraft, imagine if you could take your house, crafting stations, and all your good stuff with you while you travel! That's your ship). Great whether playing single or multiplayer."
,Recommended,211820,24473686,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ISRT5I,Came back to play with friend after release of 1.0. Literally spent an hour and a half listening to anime songs with the Hammered Dulcimer and Bright Piano. WouldListenToMusicAnyDay/10.
76561198103621130,Recommended,211820,24587920,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,ExplodedQuill,i dont like that with updates that they erease your previous players
,Recommended,211820,25465676,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,spaceguy,This game is what any type of player would love.>You can play with Steam Friends for free.>You can use Workshop mods and play around with them.>You can build and raise settlements & colonies.>You can kill almost everything that moves.>You can go to space and explore.>You can grow crops & raise animals.>You can do pretty much whatever you want.11/10
,Recommended,211820,25633965,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,LiChengg,Better than nobody play's sky
76561198219014179,Recommended,211820,25673080,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,L4s3rwiz4rd33,IF u like terraria this so diffrent but youl love this
76561198213067225,Recommended,211820,25710377,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,jedijohnny17,"im this for the POC task, its a fun game. :)"
76561198164520132,Recommended,211820,25838000,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,HalloweenYurei,BEST GAME EVER
76561198165527707,Recommended,211820,26252472,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sibel,Terraria+Space=Amazing game
,Not Recommended,211820,26520334,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,MissMAULER,"I bought this game over 2 years ago and it worked perfectly fine. As soon as it was fully released however it completely stopped working on my computer. My computer ran it fine before the full release. So I'm sorry, I do love this game but I can't recommend it. :c"
76561198155638775,Not Recommended,211820,30109054,Posted: 22 February,all,tech610819,I dont recommend this if you have a bad computer or a TOSHIBA because i couldn't even play the game even the start menu  lags
76561198268178446,Recommended,211820,32967598,Posted: 28 June,all,LukaIsAwesome,Great game!I picked Novakid and it turns out that's the only race that doesn't have a boss lolAdd Novakid boss and scan missions when?Amazing game though!MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING #NOVAKIDHYPE
76561198093819318,Recommended,211820,24472376,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bluetastic,Amazing game. This and Terraria are really fun!
,Recommended,211820,24473269,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,mesa,"When i first played starbound it was amazing. It still is and its only going to get even better from here. I really hope the developers stay with this game for a very long time be it a couple of years or months it doesnt matter. This game took terraria and destroyed it with better graphics, a quest system, and an amazing combat system for a 2d sidescroller survival adventure. I only wish for the game to get better. I explored so much and i still have so much to even look at. So Go ahead. AND FIND YOUR PLACE, STARBOUND.>cheesy ik but seriously BUY THIS GAME. IT IS BEYOND ONE OF THE BEST GAMES IVE EVER PLAYED."
,Recommended,211820,24591694,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Deril,"Main question to anyone looknig at this, after Terraria. Is it worth it? Yes.The game took a while to hook me in. It works diferent, look different, feels different(then terraria...) yet.. then you get into it - you feel developers put a lot of effords to improve every aspect of the game. It takes a while to get used to it, and then you just enjoy it.If you enjoyed Terraria - you will like this, Just invest a bit of time to get used to it.If you never palyed Terraria - choose settings. Starbound for Sci-Fi, terraria for fantasy. Both games worth full price."
,Recommended,211820,25407100,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Zeighy.Games,"After having almost 200 hours played, Starbound has been a real joy with me and my friends. You can go explore planets, build things, just aimlessly wander, etc... I've mostly enjoyed the building part myself. Lots of weapons to find, interesting towns to visit, and the best part is being able to play it with your friends.The graphics are beautiful, the sound is lovely and appropriate, mechanics make sense (for the most part), and crafting is actually enjoyable. It's pretty open that you can play it however you want and it doesn't restrict you from progressing on your own pace, or even force you to play along with the missions. Upgrades unlock pretty independently from the missions, which is a good thing. The missions are also pretty challenging, although short.The game is also moddable, so you can expand and enhance your gameplay experience. Just keep in mind that mods don't quite play well playing multiplayer."
,Recommended,211820,25510004,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Nipplestroke,"An amazing sandbox survival game, but the lack of Steam Cloud for its full price seems a bit insane. Get this while it's on sale, or get this at its full price when the Steam Cloud is available."
76561198286566491,Recommended,211820,25786813,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Arissaen,An amazing 2Dsandbox game ! Better than No man's sky ! I recommend this game
,Recommended,211820,25797645,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,jacques,"Awesome game! If you'r looking for No Man's Sky in a 2D format, look no further! This (In my opinion of course) Is a great game- it has a procedurally generated universe that seems too go on forever. This is like space Terraria. On my first playthrough I started out as a NovaKid and arrived at my first planet. I then proceded to follow the quest to rebuild my ship and I soon realized there were 4 planets in the solar system I was in.I thught that was a cool game- 4 worlds to mine for resources and to build on but then I realized you could zoom out even further to view the entire- what I prezume- galaxy. There were so many planets and It was almost staggering the amount of solar systems- with planets and stars- there were.The only problem was that after awhile-(sort of like No Man's Sky) - you started to see the same types of enemies on different planet.TL;DR- Great game- minimal problems- I recommend it :)"
,Recommended,211820,28582209,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Chef,>start>spaghetti>try again>get core fragments>spaghetti>spaghetti some more>spaghetti10/spaghettiwould plant spaghetti on planet again
,Recommended,211820,28799607,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,xfl1ppy,This is what no mans sky should have been only thingFix the fps
,Recommended,211820,33253129,Posted: 4 July,all,Organic Bleach,"Lets talk about this gameStarbound is literally a 2d no man's sky but it's 45 dollars cheaper, more stuff to do, and you can get custom mods in the workshop!I recommend this game to everyone who loves space games because in this one, you get to travel in a universe with THOUSANDS of stars, MILLIONS to BILLIONS of planets, and multiple conditions and weather for each oneThe dev team are also always working on the game 24/7 and always inproving.Also, the story is one of the few that makes me feel joy, sadness and stuff like that.The NPCs have character (especially the main ones).ALso you get mechs that you can shoot stuff with.CONSnonekRate this game 20/10 would buy againAlso this game's music is absolutely beautiful"
,Recommended,211820,29769412,Posted: 7 February,all,Alone,the instruments are the only reasons to play this game lulz
,Recommended,211820,35220938,Posted: 26 September,all,T0X1C L0RD 0F G4M1NG,"Really hard, so I refunded itBut...Some will love it"
,Recommended,211820,13771376,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,JerlBays,pow
76561198117146064,Recommended,211820,14215094,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Code,This is a great sandbox/survival game with futuristic elements. I like finding weapons and treasures underground and trying to advance in the game. Really fun!
76561197999135330,Recommended,211820,22750076,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Waffle,Amazing
76561198041183864,Recommended,211820,18945098,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,NaomiLuvU,"one of the most expancive games i'v ever played. i never run out of things to do, exploring the universe has never been so much pixely fun!"
76561198074937372,Not Recommended,211820,14055215,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,kronald_fan.neck,"EDITThe game is still♥♥♥♥♥♥after all these years in development and infrequent updates. They tried with the most mediocre and bland story and dungeons I've ever seen. The combat and movement is so bad making these already terrible experiences even worse. All the dungeons are the same. Scan♥♥♥♥♥♥on different planets and magically find out where they are and then fight like ten enemies then fight an insanely easy boss. After the third dungeon you can get a buff that actually makes you invincible for like half an hour. The planets you ""explore"" feel the same every time. You'll find the same buildings and even want to not explore deep into avian tombs or penal colonies because of how boring and uninteresting exploring them is. The only thing this game has going for it is its building which is hard to do at a large scale because of performance isuues. And with colonies which give you no benefit at all. Just some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot and barely any money towards your investment of 750 ingame shekkels. You can upgrade your colony guards but to get the highest tier of them (You get stronger mobs on stronger planets, and higher lvl♥♥♥♥♥♥from colonist taxes on late game planets) you need to grind the settler quests over and over until you get the ugly funiture to ugrade guards. Speaking of quests the game doesn't have any. Their are about 3 ACTUAL quests at the ""hub world"". Two of which are boring bosses with no reward and the other is a fetch quest to unlock a useless expensive mining shop. Other than that the quests you do for people on planets only proc if there is a predetermined location you discovered for you to A.Fetch something B.Fetch something from killing something C.Kill ten dudes D. Save a good dude from ten bad dudes. Rinse repeat. The only benefit from these radiant quests are ♥♥♥♥♥♥ loot bags which drop the same♥♥♥♥♥♥every time, and if you do enough shitquests you'll get a useless crew member which can either buff up your ship so you can travel anywhere with no fuel cost or follow you so they can die instantly in combat. This game is absolutely pathetic and awful do not buy."
,Recommended,211820,8865803,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,✪Apex✪,"This is one of the best early access games I have ever played. If you are a fan of Terraria, You will have a great time with this game."
76561198121830073,Recommended,211820,10194944,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,woodles,AWESOME!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,10195953,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,CloudTail,how to play starbound multiplayer
76561198081008706,Recommended,211820,9032687,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,TheKlutzyKiwi,"Fantastic game! People say it's a copy of terraria, but there are so many more features to starbound that make it stand out."
,Recommended,211820,10105714,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,011100110110000101101101,"STUPID DEAMON BIRDS FROM LIMBO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  Aside from the DEMON BIRDS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!  this is a great game, even if it is only an alpha."
,Recommended,211820,10106665,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,AppleLee,IGN 11/10 Its okay
,Recommended,211820,10107989,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Derpybot Kenji,"Great exploration, decent combat and alot of content. Even in its incomplete state, highly recommended."
,Recommended,211820,10108695,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Wolfgang,"Starbound is in my view a very good and enjoyable game, even in early access.However to avoid burning through my interest for the game I decided to wait till they make a release version.The game as it is is already quite enjoyable as it is, but there are still things that could use improvement, are too easy and/or things that will be changed as it is still in development."
76561197971097329,Recommended,211820,10112673,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,SomethingCoolBro,"It's really good.That's all you need to know if ever enjoyed Minecraft or Terraria.  Starbound offers experiences that those games do not.  The scale, detail and sense of place surpassed my expectations.  For an indie game, the production values are high and the soundtrack is one of the best I've heard.Like anything worthwhile, it can a couple of plays before it really starts to grow on you.  But it's a world that can cater to several playstyles and you can take at your own pace.  I've only played it in single-player mode, but I expect the game only get more fun with friends.*As a side note, I don't know why, but there's something about this game that reminds me of a 1995 game called Albion by Blue-Byte software. It was a science fiction roleplaying game that begun on a spaceship but took place mostly on an alien world.Buy it immediately and enjoy one of the best indie titles around."
,Recommended,211820,10112910,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,siloslayer7,"I like the game, I can't wait to see what the developers have in store."
,Recommended,211820,10116478,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,George Orwell's 2017,Space sandbox. Pants optional. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,211820,10118292,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,cars 6 return of the pt cruisers,It's like Terraria but fun.
76561198044217858,Recommended,211820,10122496,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,MostlyReliable,"This game is a lot of fun, and a quite easily moddable game as well, so, have at it"
76561198073117006,Recommended,211820,10122908,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,CheezeMonkey,"Good game that uses strategy and luck to create a diverse world for you to travel in and fly in your ship. It looks like terraria to alot of people but, it is not like that at all. It plays differently and the ship along with the armor systems it is alot different."
,Recommended,211820,10133338,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,JadeMooseД,REALLY COOL GAME BUY IT JUST BUY IT!!!!!
76561198065534695,Recommended,211820,10133844,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,El Stinko,"Absolutely phenominal. With 20+ hours, I just completed the Teir 1-10 grind and it was beautiful. You can fight monsters. You build houses. You can explore the galaxy. I recommend it COMPLETELY. My only downside is that it's still in beta, so there are a lot of mechanics it needs but doesnt have. Although, they will come in time... I love it so much! 8.5/10Its only an 8.5 because it's still a beta, and it's amazing, but it has a lot of unlocked potential."
,Recommended,211820,10149038,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,MrxGatsby,Aaah I'm a monkey 10/10
76561198048291996,Recommended,211820,10152744,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,BizzonPowered,I love your game thank you
76561198057685255,Recommended,211820,10139998,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Lockewood,"Super awesome, fun, and imaginative. Love this title. Also, it is better than Terraria (for any of those wondering). Hands down best sidescrolling RPG I have ever seen."
76561198124136622,Recommended,211820,10143253,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Adrenaline Resolution,GOOD GAME
76561198098035081,Recommended,211820,10145569,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Yo mommas house,♥♥♥♥♥♥multiplayer
,Recommended,211820,10145745,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Dad Come Home,1000/10 I bought this game for me and my friend and we spent hours on the first planet just building a base i personally never played terraria but after playing this im thinking of buying it! Starbound has alot of quests and you dont have to wear cloths! Buy This NOW!
76561198097006013,Recommended,211820,10148356,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,TheChosenOne,starbound is the best thing that ever happend to a 2d side scrolling game!!!!!!!!! with almost any enemy you can think of and really awsome weapoms. The best thing of all in my opinion was the idea of the space ship blew my mind!
,Recommended,211820,10151597,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Flattheyounger,"84 hours and £12 very well spent. As soon as I found a butterfly bubble tech and started doing round trips of large planets in 5 minutes I experienced a new game, or so it felt to me. The basicaly unlimited universe you imagine would get samey and boring very quickly but far from it. Not only has a lot of work gone in to the maticulous detail and raw charm of this game, but a lot of love went into it too. The multiplayer function is a headache but so much fun when it works, what better way to play a 9.6/10 game than to play with friends privately. Minecraft, terraria and all the othergames in the ""mine and take stuff"" genre can all bow down to this infinately superior game, It's the best of the genre and one of the best games I've played in a while."
,Recommended,211820,9095984,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Aigal,A great adventure game. Good if you have some time to spare and need a good spaceship.
76561198098340542,Recommended,211820,9115762,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,天狼射手,"This is a Minecraft-like game,and this game's free than Minecraft MORE!!yes,i like this game VERY MUCH!"
76561198065752992,Recommended,211820,9156598,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Severus Vape,"actually a lot of fun! its like a 16 - 32 bit version of terraria, actually thats exactly what it is except you can travel to different galaxies and different planets and meet different aliens !!"
,Recommended,211820,8905423,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Another White Guy,"It's like terraria, but in space, and with better graphics, and better animations, and better enviroments, and better customization, and well just all around better."
76561198028339222,Recommended,211820,8917161,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Indogma,"To sum up this game in a phrase: A beautiful thousand piece puzzle with a few pieces missing.The game itself has created a SciFy Space Minecraft itch for me that only it can satisfy, it being the love child of Terreria and Eve Online.The gameplay is basic Minecraft style, you explore stuff, you gather stuff, you craft stuff, and you kill stuff that wants to destory your stuff, or stuff you in their bellies for dinner. The typical stuff you do in any game inspreed by minecraft. But what makes the game different is the fact you have to explore planets to find that stuff, and you will have to leave the first planet you land on, siince the planets tend to be smaller so that one could cross them in about ten minutes non-stop, (depending on the size).The maps you are given are huge, but in truth, seemed a bit wasteful. I personally never went to more the three different stars in a sector and the rest I ignored. Plus their are five different sectors in total, amking their seem like infinate amount of stars. Like I said it's nice but a bit much... and it can mess up you game if you forget what planet you were settling on before moving on the beta sector, and say you forgot something, like your favorite pair of pants at your old home, and you for what planet you were on, you can say bye-bye to your pants.But that is one grip of many I have, and the potential for something fabilous is clearly visable in the game, and out weigh the bad and buggy errors, (like some of your furnature randomly despawning thanks to water, or soemthing like that).To sum up, if you want to see Minecraft in space, with different races and planets, this game is your muse until Minecraft follows behind."
76561198055904811,Recommended,211820,8929537,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,EtherealDragon,A game I really love. Definitely a thumbs up. Everyone should get this game early. It has its own modding forums.
76561198098201124,Recommended,211820,8940615,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,shrek is love shrek is life,all i have to say is i feel sorry for those who dont have this game your missing out on all the fun
,Recommended,211820,8942661,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Moosey,"Fun Game, Still not quite sure how to play the game but exciting And action packed play with friends and fly across the universe great Game keep up the good work."
76561198123164190,Recommended,211820,9048915,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,███Tardrette███,best game
,Recommended,211820,9052046,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Gavtron,awesome
,Recommended,211820,9080813,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,pza,is real gud as mang
,Recommended,211820,8234926,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Manwith3boobs,"When I first bought this game I wasnt sure it was for me. It can be  INCREDIBLY slow paced in the beginning, but it only gets better from there. Mining for ores which you can use to fuel your ship to different planets is a genius idea. You can make awesome houses, decorate them with rare items, and more. I recommend this game to anyone."
,Recommended,211820,8257241,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,"Annirun, Lord of the TreeSets",Very similiar to terraria except nomadic.  Each boss requires you to move to new planets giving more of an adventure feel.
76561198054556794,Recommended,211820,8744374,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,aznslikemath,If You loved Terraria then you definitely want to be part of this game.
,Recommended,211820,8749532,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Dante,Fun and stuff
,Recommended,211820,8824628,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Chentis,meh
,Recommended,211820,8829104,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,stanley,"An upgraded Terraria, choosing which star system to take from, and expand your maskeshift roleplay reign across the universe.Updates are coming, and once this final chracter wipe is done, we will reign.Firefox says 11/10"
76561198114259737,Recommended,211820,8855931,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Puckish Rogue,"Starbound is a level beyond terraria which it is often compared to. The 100000+ randomly generated worlds to explore are fantasically designed . The combat and crafting is smooth and easy to understand . The game seems to be amazing as of now and it stil isnt a full game so new updates one which includes a new race ""the novakids"" are sure to come and enhance the game even further . Beaming down from your race specfic spaceship and starting from basic tools and equipment and then advancing to guns , mechs and high tech armour and drills is at the core of the game as well as fighting off not just the planets wildlife but fighting off the cold and hunger . Stabound is much deeper than other 2d indie games of the type with its addition of a warmth and hunger systems . Even if this is not your usual type of game i highly suggest you give this game a go ."
76561198058583646,Recommended,211820,8865178,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Jesus take the wheel,This game does not make you wear pants.  10/10  A+
,Recommended,211820,8886604,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Ghosty,♥♥♥♥♥ie multiplayer annoying to get it to work they should say that thay have no multiplayer
,Recommended,211820,8891961,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Denzel Crocker,Amazing! Better than Terraria and Minecraft!
76561198084758469,Recommended,211820,8892867,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Professor FoShizzles,"Starbound is a great game. Honestly. If you're a fan of Terraria, then this game is like it's older brother. I highly recomend it."
,Recommended,211820,8621497,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Evilchipmunk_,the best game ever
,Recommended,211820,8625145,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Doostan,Music = 9/10Graphics = who caresGameplay = 9/10Fun = 8/10Adventure = 10/10EXTREMELY reccomended if you like adventure and 2d awesomeness!
,Recommended,211820,8628294,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ray,"Having played Terraria and loving it, I decided to buy Starbound. It was 100% worth it, it does things that made Terraria great and does a better job in some places.However, I felt that all the planets looked the same just different textures. It's a great game nonetheless. I recommend it to anyone that enjoys: RPGs, voxel, Terraria, minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,8639340,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Pure,"When/If finished, Starbound will surpass Terraria."
76561198086582815,Recommended,211820,21400757,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Xxanno,"The game is still being worked on, but there is a lot of content already. You will miss out a lot if you like terraria styled games, but don't at least try this game."
76561198054750206,Recommended,211820,8801596,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Sneak Jr,"AWESOME GAME, i recommend you buy it. Even in its current-beta version."
,Recommended,211820,15479582,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Pickle Rick!,Very good game^^
,Not Recommended,211820,15494204,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Amduscas,"This game has been in development for years. The devs have lied countless times. What started out as an extremely promising game has been on the downslope ever since it became available for early access. It's pretty clear Chucklefish have completely given up on making the game that they said they would, and everything that has come out so far has been a joke. Most of the content that is available now is actually content created by modders that was integrated into the game. Sometimes with permission, sometimes not.I encourage you to look into Starbound's history and Chucklefish's shoddy business practice. I wish I hadn't given them my money. I mean they promised refunds, but...well they lied about that too."
,Recommended,211820,22080988,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Frost-ZX,A good sandbox game XD
,Recommended,211820,22056809,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Kuda2k,"the new starbound update add more playabillity, so its more fun now"
76561198118584694,Recommended,211820,9001874,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,jcenter75,Very good... Worth getting for sure.
76561198049285871,Recommended,211820,8170331,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,THEG|Ningajai2,this game is amazing! its like terraria with a infinite world! with much more to come! its AMAZIN!
,Recommended,211820,8159223,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ED BOY,Definitely get this game! Very good considering it's very early Beta. Haven't played Terarria since I got this so I guess I really enjoy it. Have fun!
76561198080901511,Recommended,211820,17142540,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,AmpzTech,"Starbound is an immersive indie that has 1000's of objects and items, and 100's of scenarios. I cannot fully explain how much I love this game, but on a scale of 1-10, obviously 10. However, as with any game there are elements that could be changed, for example, the micro updates for the game really stop the modders and I know that when the game is fully released you will keep updating it, but please update in larger more mod-able chunks to bring back the huge original amount of modders that have supported this game."
,Recommended,211820,8433441,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jolle,It's like Terraria with planets!
76561198119532248,Recommended,211820,9059021,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,totallyboss101,This game was good you know then i finally found a puppy but appartaly you an't catch then it made me mad i criend until i was blind
76561198075649425,Recommended,211820,14384972,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,- X e p h -,"The update changed everything I just love the endless solar systems, the new ship upgrades and the new questing Npcs 10/10"
76561198084755932,Recommended,211820,8834536,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,SinSquid,Its Fun.........
,Recommended,211820,8635080,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,HitmanV,Epic!! Platform with some nice twists and great action.
,Recommended,211820,21169230,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,coolfacethecat,AMAZING GAME WITH AWESOME GRAPHICS AND 99999999 SPACE YEARS OF FUN
,Recommended,211820,21170385,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Daffeh_,"Even though the game is like maybe a 50 hour gameplay game at max, the core is there, and they can well expand the game to make it longer.I would rate the game 8/10 I would play unfinished game again."
,Recommended,211820,21182211,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,getBrecKed,Its one of my faves! - eg
76561198125803709,Recommended,211820,21184650,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ahpla,one of the best games i played
,Recommended,211820,21186031,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,kako,Awesome game. Love it. Would recommend this game!
,Recommended,211820,8651217,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,eXceL,"Well what can i say but.PROUD. I am a Glitch, i am shiny and this is the most epic Space Sandbox i have ever played in."
,Recommended,211820,8656925,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,❂ Henshin ❂,Ok.. From what I heard this game is good gonna try it out ... Steam downloaded for Linux.. (im in windows) .. have to reinstall..
76561198081199033,Recommended,211820,8690027,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,awsomesauce,Great Game
76561198068442114,Recommended,211820,8694288,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Dromlick,"It is a really fun game, with a great concept. It looks alot like Terraria."
76561198079438533,Recommended,211820,8698378,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,MonkyBawlz,"This is an extremly addicting game. The beta has a ton of bugs and crashes sometimes but it IS TOTALLY WORTH IT. The music is soothing, and sometimes exciting. The feel of the game is amazing. Its like Terraria on STEROIDS. I CANT STOP PLAYING."
76561198061439574,Recommended,211820,8709234,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Alex.bermuda,"Fun game, near unplayable due to crashes."
,Recommended,211820,9436499,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Spud Squad,It's good and stuff. Like Terraria but not.Now give me my badge.
,Recommended,211820,9436690,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Super Franky!,Got killed by a poop. 11/10
,Recommended,211820,9437003,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Fink,Much wow.
,Recommended,211820,10088838,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,EpicVision,This is better than Terraria with amazing emotes and items. I like that mining thing you start with too.
76561198084502950,Recommended,211820,10088932,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,JiveTurkeyJukes,You can be a flower in this game.10/10
76561198050086858,Recommended,211820,10094690,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,mrtanack,"An innovative game which is basiclly terraria but in the future, it is way better than Terraria, even though it costs double the price , or in my case 10x the price ( Terraria cost me £! )"
,Recommended,211820,8073235,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,运气iNate☆2,"Amazing game, can't stop playing! Even it's still Beta the game is AWESOME!"
76561198061062839,Recommended,211820,9820418,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Huffelz515,thisg games is wunderfull game they is a mix of minecraft and terraria. I give this game a 9.5/10 for how good it is and how it is still in Early Access.
76561198084818264,Recommended,211820,18027356,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Shawn Rhodes,"Lets get straight to the point of this review, while I would recommend this, it would only be to those who wish to roleplay with it.The Bad- There simply isn't enough content in singleplayer or really even multiplayer to keep the average player interested for very long. A large portion of the game is devoted to mining and building, while these are good at holding interest for a time, you quickly lose it when you see the flaws of these two things. Building basically has no purpose, why build to survive when you can just beam up to your ship and have a permeantly safe home? Even if you are planning to settle on a planet and stay off your ship, most of the enemies are complete pushovers asides from the ones on more hostile planets most people wouldn't want to live on. Mining also suffers from a lack of content, the progression system is extremely linear, get armor, get a quest, kill the boss, and repeat through the armor tiers. The materials for these armors are quite easy to find and all the other quests are just ""bring me this item"". With that in mind if you do not plan to roleplay I'd estimate the average player would be able to keep interest for around 50 hours.The Good- This game is great to roleplay with, especially on more densely packed servers. There are multiple programs that allow you to edit the colors of pre-existing armors/clothes and people get very creative with this. Additonally players can create custom ""drawables"" such as weapons and items with various other programs which allows for unquie roleplay as well. Roleplaying gets rid of the uselessness of buildings and usually just throws out mining completely. If you plan to roleplay I would HIGHLY recommend this game!"
76561198061354955,Recommended,211820,10476516,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Azazel earn.gg,"this game is sweat , just wish the advancment process was a little longer but great game"
,Recommended,211820,18441165,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Un1V3rSiTy,"It's early acces for a long time and it's a bit of a terraria rip off but I've had the time of my life in this incredible game, I absolutelly love it!"
,Recommended,211820,14595465,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,LonelyInaHole,Amazing game :3
,Recommended,211820,18142879,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Bread,"I feel after my 150 hours of this game I am ready to review this truly godly title. This game has more weapons and creatures than any other sandbox with its specially made system to randomly generate these objects. This game right now is packed with more content than terraria and has the most relaxing soundtrack I have heard. This is why i play this game, go mining and fighting. This game has a very bright future and I can't wait to see the day this game evolves into a even better form!This is a great game worth picking up for $15. so good luck young and old travellers! Enjoy this game to its fullest! As it is one of those rare, great, amazing titles to pick up!"
,Recommended,211820,18126468,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,diamondswordbro61,Like Terraria but more fun.
,Recommended,211820,8429462,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Seann_,Terraria with Space
,Recommended,211820,26023387,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Magnus the Red,"Oh Starbound...how you can make even No Man's Sky jealous. Decent framerate even on this horrid laptop of mine, tons of user content that can be added (I'm looking at you AVIAN SAIL replacement), 7 (Heh...funny number...my lucky number as well) different races, each with their own armor and lore to explore. Tons, and tons...and tons of planets to explore, each one different from the last. Did I mention this is better the NMS yet? Well, in case I didn't, this is better then NMS.Anyway, Starbound is an exploration sandbox game with an interesting story that, surprisingly, you don't need to follow if you don't want to. You can pick from 1 of 7 races, those being; Human, Apex, Floran,...the fish guys (forgot their name), Avian, Glitch, and the space cowboys themselves, Novakids. Pick from one of these, either play through the intro sequence or not, up to you. Want to forget about the story? Sure! You don't need to follow it! Its a sandbox! And an amazing one at that. I've been with this game since Alpha I think, and I've loved it all. 1.0 was a rough update, but how can it not? It was a massive game changer, but it still kept the Starbound feel to it. And any issues with 1.0, they fixed later. Starbound devs do listen to their fanbase and community, which isn't seen that often lately.Anyway, in short, Starbound is a great game."
,Recommended,211820,17763935,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ITS TIME TO GET A GTX 1070,this is a really cool game
76561198134815325,Recommended,211820,17764752,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Eradicator,its a fun game just need freinds to play with
,Recommended,211820,17749190,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,The Squad Father,"I know it's still early access, so there might be changes, but the latest Colony update made this game that I thought was great already even better. Seriously, if you tried this game a year ago I'd recommend diving back in, so much has changed for the better."
,Recommended,211820,17749745,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,TheGent_,Terraria in Space10/10
76561198022924331,Recommended,211820,17749931,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Mazamune,"Starbound is a really great and relaxing game.First, the game is like terraria in its core gameplay but with many differences. The first thing you'll notice it that in here you have QUESTS and those really add to the game.Then, the second thing that is really nice is to be able to chose a race for your character. This will really modify your look as well as the craftable weapons you can make.The story in itself is rather nice and will guide you to a better stuff for your character while visiting some great places. And being able to wander around the universe in your very own space ship is really great imo. The latest update will let you make your own planet colony which will help in feeling a bit less alone while playing solo.Another great thing in the game is the sounds and music. While the music is really relaxing and enjoyable, the sounds add even more to the relaxation, ear birds chirping, wind in the trees, small criters at night ... really relaxing to me."
76561198075927902,Recommended,211820,17750306,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,kevinzat,i really like this game its a survival game  i recommend this game greatly if you like survival games
,Recommended,211820,17751476,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,meako117,game is awesome add me and invite me to play
,Recommended,211820,17753031,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,CombatKing1237,Its Amazing and its getting better and better every day so if you have the money get it!
,Recommended,211820,17757124,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ToxicVideo,"Imagion terraria with over 1000 planets, space travel and explore. If you like huge world and alot of free time then this is a great game"
,Recommended,211820,17758349,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Salty Foxy Bees,Yes.
76561198055224758,Recommended,211820,8515509,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,bobrichards101,wow such game much content good play me like amaze wow
,Recommended,211820,9143247,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,NoPe,A great game! The posabilaties are endless. There is so much stuff and it is still in beta. I cant wait to see what they do with it next.
76561198080578527,Recommended,211820,8099789,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Corky,Terria with guns
76561198116519220,Recommended,211820,9350949,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,thr33than,"Better than terraria by very very VERY far! In my opinion, it might even be worth a little more than the $15!! Definitly get this game!!"
,Not Recommended,211820,19281229,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,End My Suffering,my charecter got randomly deleted and that was very depressing my charecter was really good 2.5/10
,Recommended,211820,24464630,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,SHWESTIKI,"No Man's Sky, more like autistic man's starbound."
,Recommended,211820,8770114,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,bincor,Best game ever.
76561198142709753,Recommended,211820,24545503,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,potato,A very good pixeled game with exploration color and beauty 10/10 Ign.
76561197993492891,Recommended,211820,8001701,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Gagerino,Fun game for teh good times that i like to have when play vidoe game?
,Not Recommended,211820,10387454,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,alterEgo,what the ♥♥♥♥ happened
,Recommended,211820,24483422,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,VoiceKraken,The game was a great game in beta but the day after the update came out I could not even get into the game to play. Can I please get some help?
76561198128536364,Recommended,211820,24939211,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Slick Businessman,I would Recomend This game to anyone who has 15 dollars only problem I have is I cant find any copper wire.
,Recommended,211820,16288635,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Eazy Breezy,"Very good game. Would recommend. Many great servers and lobbies. This is basically an endless version of teraria, except it includes space travel. definately worth the $.10/10 peas in a pod"
,Recommended,211820,17375828,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,tortoise10heads,Amazing game. I love the gameplay and the setting. Really awesome.
,Recommended,211820,17392549,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Drifter,Amazing i can't think of much but DLC (preferabbly free) and a few bug fixes here and there would be nice but by far one of my favorite games.
76561198144049086,Recommended,211820,17497562,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Greymatter,"I have put a bit of time into this game, and I love it. After I did most of the things in the main game I went onto modding it which made it even better! Now that the campaign has been modified and the game is fully released I have begun to put more time into it so I would say it's worth buying."
76561198113408995,Recommended,211820,17814425,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Fyreh,1 On linux :D2 SPACE!!!!3 Easy Server setup4 You can be a birdI would strongly recamend  starbound  to any linux gamers out there and any other os
,Recommended,211820,17818908,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,DE PLS RELEASE UPDATE,I have no clue what im doing in this game. 10/10 would get lost and stay lost again :3
,Recommended,211820,8561522,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,meow_,"This is a fun game, you can play multiplayer, which I suggest, you explore INFINITE worlds and besides the point I LOVE THIS GAME very much..."
76561198057401285,Recommended,211820,9369351,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Pepexd,Fun game.
76561198046431036,Recommended,211820,8228632,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Judge,"much fun, very hours, such play, wow"
,Recommended,211820,25440610,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,adamyoung04,Wow. Just Wow.a 2-D game that many claim to rip off terraria and it has sub-par graphicsstill better than no mans skya game that many disliked when they made it 1.0still better than no mans skydo you see a theme here? I say Starbound is a great game that is worth your time.
76561198081252972,Recommended,211820,8206762,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Numbers,you should get this game
,Recommended,211820,29145933,Posted: 9 January,all,Gunner,"Starbound, the game to where monster look like pokemon, aswell as a die a lot simulator"
,Recommended,211820,25180546,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,johnnyferal,all around great game :)
76561198042324608,Recommended,211820,14284619,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,vexile69,"Love the game,but as of this last patch the game is broke as hell.nothing works the missions cant move more than 1 screen left or right,fps is 0,cant dig,chop tree's and the list goes on just about as far as the ""new"" patch does ..so if you are thinking about getting this game i would wait for a month or by this teams standard a year before even bothering.."
76561198088162254,Recommended,211820,9188518,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Chief Moha,even though this is still in Early Access it way better then Terraria in just about every way.
,Not Recommended,211820,17780034,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Engebretsen,9/11
76561198079479011,Recommended,211820,19279520,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,The Entire Human Race,"this is probably one of my favorite games to play! its a pixelated platformer that you can never bored with. the word is absolutly gigantic, with so many planets to explore theres always something fun to do"
76561198028925188,Recommended,211820,27993872,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,RtG,"Nice sandbox game with a massive universe full of randomly generated stuff.The story is pretty short though, but if you like building stuff and exploring the galaxy you'll probably like it. For me the exploring got kinda boring pretty soon because like in most procedurally generated (or whatever it's called) worlds after some time you begin to see the pattern and I'm more of a quantity-gamer (as in -I play different games) myself."
,Recommended,211820,24467878,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Pvt.wing dings(Medic),( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,211820,24465938,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tonto,"Basically Terraria and the concept of No Man's Sky had a wonderful baby and it's developer parents were always around. As of this review, I have 180 hours racked up on this game, and I haven't spent a single one of those playing with friends in the co-op aspect yet as I have been waiting for 1.0. Worth every penny"
,Not Recommended,211820,14357773,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,BermudaTri,"My biggest problem with this game is that all that you have is the result of luck.You can't plan or learn or even discover: you just sort of stumble on cool stuff. The pictures posted online of cool bases and  giant ships are the result of hundreds of hours of walking around on random planets until you discover a random dungeon with random loot and slightly less random furniture.You won't come out of this game with any more knowledge, skill or lore than when you went in."
76561198121379826,Recommended,211820,21624989,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,thesimphany,Amazing simply amazing
,Recommended,211820,21630878,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Barcafan500,"Great game that looks like it might be a copy of something else similar to it, but it is not. Starbound is a very unique game that is totally worth the price. Get it now before it leaves early access because the price might go up."
,Recommended,211820,21633385,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Mystery,"i do  recomend ""Terraria"" i mean ""StarBound"""
,Recommended,211820,21694946,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,HellzMonster,Almost better then Terarria xD
76561198011396912,Recommended,211820,24608842,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,paulsjones,"Purchased this in 2013 when it was in early access and back then I was pretty disapointed.Boy has it changed for the better with the 1.0 release.  The controls aren't flash, but if you can ignore that it's a very fun game.If you liked Terraria I think you'll like this."
,Recommended,211820,21617819,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Azarin LDar,"So far I love this game! It's a sweet sandbox game with a SciFi theme. You build up your spaceship to be able to do more complex things. It may feel linear at times, but not entirely, only at the start. It mainly has that feel that you're trying to accomplish something. You do missions, you unlock the ability to go to new star systems, new upgrades for your ship, new technology that you can use to make adventuring easier. It pays out well for the workload you have to put in. The missions can be challenging sometimes, and it actually feels like an action game at times. But you can still do your creative things if you want to!As odd as it sounds, the art style of this game really gets me, it has that 8-bit style, but HD at the same time. One thing that really makes that stand out is that it's pretty zoomed in, making it easy to pick out the particular details and it helps you realize how sharp the art actually is. The music is oustanding, and makes the game even more immersive.All in all, I think it's well worth the price, even after beating it. It sort of falls off in things you can do, but the amount of time you can spend in the exploration and the immersive experience I personally get keeps me coming back to it."
76561198183671493,Recommended,211820,21629941,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Raulen,"Good sandbox that is highly combat and mining based. Wouldnt reccomend over terraria though as it is not very fun when playing it a second time or third time etc.. Does have a huge universe, but all of the different planets dont vary much and are basically just a variation of like 5-10 different setups. Would reccomend if you like adventuring games."
,Recommended,211820,21671812,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,clock destroyer,it is a good game and it is fun to play
76561198168447825,Recommended,211820,21678633,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,tamarlence,"It's hard to believe i have over 300 hours on this game before writting a review on it. A great and fun game to play, especially with the combat update feature. However they have removed alot of fun and enjoyable things from this game as well for no reason. The vehicles they added are somewhat useless too due to monsters over populating the planet that deal damage just on touch. The very uneven terrain does not help matters either. Gameplay gets a bit repetative and boring after you complete all the main missions and upgrade your ship fully, but the exploration is what makes the game fun."
,Recommended,211820,21697253,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Ethidium BROmide,the co-op is super fun
76561198156164970,Recommended,211820,21708069,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,General_Lenny,love it
76561198004820378,Recommended,211820,23884367,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Apothnasko,Bought on beta early access release for myself and some friends. Have played a ton and we all love it. Not an every day game for our group but a definite brain break game for us. Private servers are so easy to set up too!
76561198105803221,Recommended,211820,21647546,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Respawning...,"I only have one big problem with this game, it treats lag wierdly. by that i mean the FPS doesn't drop but the enemies and moving things that arent the character lag. For example you hit something and a few seconds later it does damage to it, and it moves in almost slowmo, but it just updates frames realy slowly. also i've resently had a problem where my character, which i've spent around 55 hours on, is now dead forever and i can't do anything about it. how it happened is i died, fighting a boss i wasn't ready for, and my camera went to my ship but my character was nowhere and it said my health was all the way down. then the game crashed, i retried it around 7 times and it just won't work. PLEASE FIX. please."
,Recommended,211820,24781595,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,NightlyNow,"Could not get into Terraria at all but this is a blast. I hate minecraft and prefer good combat, crafting and exploration. And this game has it all and looks gorgeous at the same time."
,Recommended,211820,24782697,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Nanaya Jacob,"The game has improved very much with the further update. With the implmention of steam workshop and the stability of the game, it has been fun to play. I very much would like to see further enhancments to game itself in the future.I recommend this game if you like exploring rouge like places, played Terraria and enjoyed it, played minecraft(and is not a cod kid)and enjoyed it, or loves sci-fi in general. It is quite a fun game."
,Recommended,211820,28581054,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Knit Sweater,Fun game that doesnt put too much on your plate at once in the begining of the game like most. Overall its a good way to waste some time.
76561198190255859,Recommended,211820,24868063,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,CaptainPancake,This game is so  much fun and all people who what to get it you should this game is filled with posiblites
,Recommended,211820,24865869,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,SFFB||csgoatse.com,"Very great game, i do recommend it.. But the story, really fellas? All these years and you come up with scanning, which gets boring by the way, to get a manipulator module from a space grandma.. You could improve it and i hope you will."
76561198166894281,Recommended,211820,24806801,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,SpicyWings12,"Overall great game!Storyline is very intense and thrilling. However, sometimes the start can be a bit slow. Definitely came a long way from original versions and is a better more entertaining game because of this.[DISCLAIMER]*IF YOU DO NOT ENJOY PLAYING 2D PIXEL GRAPHICS SURVIVAL GAMES, OR WOULD RATHER PLAY SOMETHING WITHOUT AN IN DEPTH STORYLINE/STORYMODE, THEN THIS GAME IS NOT FOR YOU!!!*"
76561198042838282,Recommended,211820,24824847,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Ruko,"Rate 9/10Could do with minor improvements, and they're still coming."
,Recommended,211820,24826535,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,МИКОРИЗА,Wow.  I can collect Pokemons without leaving home!
76561198164830276,Recommended,211820,21675903,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,LunarProximity,"Really fun game, lots of lore! I just wish there were more multiplayer servers. :)"
,Recommended,211820,21676112,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Powrof3,"First time in about 9 or ten mothns since i've played and here's my experience(unstable version btw):1. Spawned in2. knocked down tree3. fought things until I died4.made stuff5.completed 2 quests--20 minutes later--6. find outpost7. attempt to kill people8. fail and be sad9. accept other quests thinking you can do them all easily10. can't make cake11. be upset12. go kill more things until death13. decide to just explore14. realise that I need to do more quests to do that15. after about 45 minutes of stupidness and questing I go to mining facility16. Think, ""Awesome, time for roleplay!""17. rage after losing to weird flesh monsters repeatedly(at least 50 times)18. finally understand not run at them and make it to end19. see boss20. attempt to attack boss and get a punch in the face from a non-moving crystal with an eye21. fail to understand system22. restart everything23. try to win again24. beat boss only to be killed at last second by leftover minion25. realise misson is not complete26. get angry at self27. rage quit and stop playing for a long time--a month later--28. come back29. new stuff I don't understand30. give upto be continued...10/10 would play again"
76561198009965591,Recommended,211820,23883646,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Amy Tazenda,The only criticism I would give is that once you get to a certain point technology-wise it gets very simple to spend a few minutes and get up to the top technology level.  It feels like it should have been more work to accomplish.
76561198271844460,Recommended,211820,21627544,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Cactus-Blop29,starbound is an epic 2d space adventure i highly reccomend it  but 1 negative it really hard to progress
,Recommended,211820,21671435,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Krawl,"You start off picking your class, as it has little impact on your game. You proceed to name and customized.. and go through the small tut they have to explain the controls to you. They story starts off with this ""eater of worlds"" deal and earth is lost. You surive becoming the only living protector left... or so you think. Your ship is badly damaged and you must travel the planets to repair and prepare to fight whatever has been hidden in the stars.The game has your classic feel. I believe that the weapons styles are unquie to the game. It allows for really allowing yourself to combined and use what fits right for you. There is enough ""different in the game to keep you seeing different for at least a good 8 hours. After that it gets to the point your like yep seen that before. After you pass tier three armor the game get hella easy.. point shoot and digg..I feel that the game gets a 7/10 just for the simple fact that its good but it can be alot more. There is more i feel isn't right yet and isnt filling. They have stuff for you to do but at somepoint its only half baked and genric... ideas are there but its still needing more. So wish you luck among the stars!"
76561198101578612,Recommended,211820,23872337,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,PI3R0H,Fun almost as good as terraria.
76561198203766116,Recommended,211820,21702894,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Muffinator,this is a fun little game that you can waste your time on
,Not Recommended,211820,22029899,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,kostea2007,"I had this game since it came out on early access. To put it in short, the development of this game is a mess, as the entire game went through not one, not two, but three major revisions that completelly changed almost every aspect of gameplay. They also overhauled combat in a major update that they advertised on their site, and went into great detail explainnig the resoning behind it just to go back to the original ""damage on contect"" combat for no reason and no explanation. If you played this game in 2013, 2014 and 2015, it would seem like you were playing 3 different games (hence why the majority of my playtime was in 2013). I also cannot play the game in its current form because it's so different from what I originally bought.There is also no indication that this game will ever get out of ""Early Access"", as the game is still an unfinished mess that is constantly changing direction, the developers lack focus and even started side projects (Wayward Tide) before even finishing this game."
,Recommended,211820,23872310,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Houneidi,"Fantastic, addictive game. No question about it."
,Recommended,211820,23875450,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,RYEESK,You can do anything you want and wherever you want. Open world and infinite number of planets awesome it will never end :)
,Recommended,211820,24781198,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Doctor Charcoal,"Amazing. Truly a good game, especially now that it's out of early access. Now Perry can be the best greaser in space."
76561198310433350,Recommended,211820,28576278,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,⌁Gнσsτ⌁ᴳᵒᵈ,Very addicting and fun... its worth getting!
,Recommended,211820,28576334,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,extraram.exe is not responding,Of course I want to play a game where I can be a cowboy comprised of starmatter and explore the universe in a spacetrain.
,Recommended,211820,14554052,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,beachgaming,i love this game a lot and when play i just wish could play with someone
76561198071698080,Recommended,211820,14586370,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Clorox,"I never really enjoyed 2D games like terraria, but when I stumbled across Terria 2.0 (starbound) I was blown away. This game provides tons of unique content with replay value. People may say this game is just another minecraft, but in minecraft you can't fly all over the universes seeing new worlds just waiting to be explored. In starbound you will eventually finish all the quests and upgrade your ship all the way, but when you have done that all you need to do is create a new character with a new race and have several more hours of fun.10/10 Keep updating please!"
,Recommended,211820,14612590,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,B I G  D O I N K,Okay... so Starbound...Really cool game...First things to do in starbound:1. Explore.2. Look for a shelter for the night.3. Go to a city or a lived place.4. Get Rekt by the guards.5. Do the first 4 things again.6. Play on multiplayer! I Highly recommend the Galaxy Citizen RP server if you really like RP.So all I can say is...............Wait almost..............Starbound is a cool game! I like it!
76561198076000539,Recommended,211820,14613597,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,clareneedham206,I LOVE THIS GAME IT IS THE BEST YAHOOOOO
76561198132831360,Recommended,211820,14638411,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,piecrustninja,great game
76561198114660797,Recommended,211820,14642193,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,connor55522,it is fun
,Recommended,211820,14656748,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Other Profile,"Like Terraria, but better."
,Recommended,211820,14666646,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Hutler,GG..
93846484617565837,Recommended,211820,14669440,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,ROCCAT(CYBA),AWESOME
76561198128476289,Recommended,211820,14683461,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ThePurpleKnight,Its a charming game but has a lot of bugs but still a great game.
76561198065171763,Recommended,211820,14693492,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Tattersail4shore,"Love this game. Its a bit repetitive when it comes to planets only a few, but they are not the exact same they just have the same look. Like all ice planets will have snow or whatever and the trees may look a bit different but there is not a HUGE variety. They best part I think about this game is that it is in early acces which (hopefuly) means that there will be a lot more things that they put on this game. Overall its a pretty great game."
76561198118055147,Recommended,211820,14704607,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ginger the giraffe,this game is great but it would be better if you let us use more than one tech at a time by default
76561198203099280,Recommended,211820,14704683,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RoxySnow,the best game i ever purchused IT THING TO DO ARE ALMOSTE ENDLESS AND Its still a beta  YOU SUDE BUY IT RIGHT NOWi woud sey more about it but i cant explame how grate this game is with wordsi sugest you buy it its for any taste of gamesi woud sey its like a better graf terraria in space
,Recommended,211820,14710442,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,FreddyTums,"If you like Terraria this is a game for you. Although maybe not as expanded as terraria because of how new Starbound is the game does add some features that Terraria does not such as a space ship with a homing beam you can teleport back to your ship with, multiple different villages that you can visit to buy, sell and trade items, and a quest reward system."
,Recommended,211820,14929359,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,ZenoGrave,"Despite the long change for stable updates, I will always say that this game is worth paying and playing. I know the developers have much in mind for the game by just reading the blog for the game. Even though at the moment it may seem lackluster at times, that is only because it is still an early access game. It is still in development, and given that not only is it incomplete with the quests and other features, but is is updated now every night with the NIghtly build, then you got the Unstable build with the updates compiled and some bug fixes. Then the stable build, which I await for with vigor. I love this game despite some of the downsides that only come with being a early access game."
,Recommended,211820,14942261,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Scarf Dragon,"To make this short... Terraria/2D Minecraft in space.Great game. Well made. Awesome idea. Very easy to mod.This game, When I play it, feels like it is already fully made. Just with bits and pieces missing. The only things I don't like are that the developers don't seem to update frequently, but very entertaining none the less. I would say 9/10... or maybe even a 10/10.Definitely worth the money if you like building, exploration, combat, AND space games."
76561198158178054,Recommended,211820,14954039,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,davidjsmith57,"I fell in love with the game and I will admit it is missing alot such as the bandit outfits maybe the seperat files shouldn't be linked to th existing games and I would probably recommend markers for planets that you want to revisit other then just marking one planet and only one planet home, and of course more missions!!! There are some other things from more random encounters, but other then that I can't get enough of the game its fun as heck. Its like playing morrowind then advancing to Halo 0 (a 2D virsion), how ever I heard there other funner games like this that where mentioned on the other comments but it dosen't mean this game it bad it's the bata virsion and if theres more game play on the updates or complete virsion I'm deffently buying. P.s. sorry if I made any spelling errors."
,Recommended,211820,15010070,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Spy,best game in the world ;/ well kind of
76561198116390655,Recommended,211820,15192489,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Polterchrist,"Although it seemed that the game would never get a stable update, Upbeat Giraffe made it a whole new game. No longer is it just a sandbox game in space, there's quests and direction to the progression of the game. And the soundtrack, oh my god the soundtrack. Its amazing. It makes the game so much more fun to play. It is defenitly worth waiting for new updates because this game still has a lot of potential."
,Recommended,211820,15209096,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,zachattack69,Awesome
,Recommended,211820,15598178,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Cubanboy_31,After a solid 425.3 hrs on record hours on Starbound I can say this is a great game.
,Recommended,211820,15616761,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,TacitParasite11,"Starbound is a sandbox, voxel game just like Minecraft, and 2-D like Terraria. It's a fantastic game even though it is currently early access. It's constantly being updated and I believe that you can play with friends through steam integration (don't quote me on that!)All around a fantastic game. Picture this. Terraria, but in Space! Yep! It's pretty awesome. One complaint that I do have however, is that boss fights are extremely difficult like EXTREMELY. If you're gearing up for a boss fight, be prepared to ask a friend or two along. It's gonna get rough.Besides that, I'm looking forward to seeing what the devs are going to add in the future and how many more hours of gameplay they can get out of me a day!"
,Recommended,211820,15623885,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,tasty ladybug,10/10would spend 3 hours in the mines again
76561198040297744,Recommended,211820,15778944,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Chadwikki,"Altho very similer to Terraria, Starbound is the next generation of ""sandbox"" games.  Starting as a ship in space your original goal is to beam to planets and gather materials to fix your ship.  This game quickly beccomes about exploring an entire galaxy while combating monsters and other races to survive and create your own piece of paradise in a vastly growing universe!"
76561198153384051,Recommended,211820,16017204,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,GlassShatter,"I, AM, HOOKED. where else in the game world can you find; penguin UFOS, creatures made from sun farts, a 3D game inside a 2D one, limitless amounts of planets each with their own minidungeons dungeons and minibosses?! I dispise those who call it ""a Terraria ripoff those Terraria fanatics just can't accept that, well, its been bested does Terraria have NPC villages where the NPCs have guards and the dungeons are really random, oh, sure the skeletron bosses dungeon varies in color and shape but really, how does that compare to ""takes deep breath"" sewersprisonsvillagesminesairshipslabratorieswithtrapsruins, and much more, plus the different races with different spaceships randomised aliens. the average terrarian would say ""but can you sell stuff?"" maybe one day however, and I quote ""there's a mod for that."" not that it's left to the modding comunities and yes, I have played terraria it is enjoyable however this is the standard for any 2D sidescroller sandbox explorer game. Thank you."
76561198210426320,Recommended,211820,14439722,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,kcinminni,can you make getting to the riches boss easier
,Recommended,211820,14440719,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Virgil,4 2 0 gettin b l a z e d
,Recommended,211820,14440929,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,DragonMasterNite,This is a really fun game
,Recommended,211820,14441168,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Evilworm,"Its like 2D Minecraft, only with more stuff to do. And a story line. Incredible amount of things to craft. Very satisfied with this game, and it might actually be one of my all time favorites. Just buy it, you will not regret it (if you like Minecraft and other builder-games)."
,Recommended,211820,14443716,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Turbo,"It costs what? Fifteen dollars? It's worth thirty. This is like terraria and a actually good game had a baby... There are different planets with different difficulties, a massive galaxy, different fuels for your ship. I really could go on and on about this game. Essentially, get this game. If you have hesitations, wait for a sale, then buy it... that is all.93/100"
,Recommended,211820,14457374,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,joeythesickkid,such a fun game
76561198124369788,Recommended,211820,14460405,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Guy Who Sees You,Good update. But you deleted all of the bosses and added a new one so there is only 1 boss.
76561198176134583,Recommended,211820,14478277,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Good 'Ol Rub,It is a really fun and ejoyable game despite being in early access. It sets itself from other sandbox games because it has a backstory to it and actually has some goals to complete to progress in the game. As a summary i think Starbound is definately worth the buy and will be amazing when the full game is released.
,Recommended,211820,14491621,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,SkyHighFlying,This is a good game if youve played terria its like it but A LOT BETTER! My dad thout it would be bad and it was for the beta now ITS AAAAAAAAAAAAWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWWSSSSSSSSSSSSSSOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOMMMMMMMMMMMMMMEEEEEEEEEEEE so get the awsome game!
,Recommended,211820,14491784,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Adomeh,11/10
,Recommended,211820,14491962,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Spookin Isaiah,"Still needs a little work, but a great game!"
76561198069786877,Recommended,211820,14492268,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Vassjo,"Starbound is a great game that allows you to have an incredible amount of replayability, as well as being a top-notch example of what a simple 2D Pixelated survival game can be. I for one, have played more than 450 hours of this game, and the game isn't even finished! Even though the game is still in development, i would say that this game easily beats games such Terraria and Minecraft. Which i've found quite enjoyable from time to time. The game also has more than an hour of original soundtrack, which adds a nice and comfortable atmoshphere it all. All in all, a great game. 10/10"
76561198118515554,Recommended,211820,14492314,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,superswordfishes,"It's like a better, space terraria."
76561198038609383,Recommended,211820,14508664,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Maximus Wamson IV,Awesome game replayability is thru the roof.
,Recommended,211820,14524796,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Mr.Tea,"Starbound is very similar to terraria in that it's a 2D open sandbox game but as you get deeeper into this beta you see some key diffrences such as missions, muiltiplayer interactions (if you are in a server), oh and you get to travel in space but whatever. I've sank enough hours into this game to know that i'll be hooked on it and seeing as it is a beta much more is to come of this game i give it 420/69."
,Recommended,211820,24003654,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Kypr,"Hours of fun! But, I HIGHLY recommend not adding mods until you have finished playing through the whole game legit."
,Recommended,211820,24028677,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,LordGamer091,very awesome RECOMMEND
,Recommended,211820,24467140,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,tagwin,I playe this game years ago (around when it was first released as early access) and just came back for the first time a few months ago. While i dont agree with all the changes (last time i played there was no hunger bar) there is now SO MUCH TO DO NOW. it feels like a totally different game now in a good way. its worth the 15 dollars.
,Recommended,211820,24467862,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kastal,Terraria in space with giant♥♥♥♥♥♥♥monsters. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8003245,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Baby Fark McGee-Zax,Fun if you're into Terraria
76561198059400303,Recommended,211820,8516986,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chickenfish,Awesome game once you get into it. Even better if you play with other people.
,Recommended,211820,8045199,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Qaz,This game is one of my new favorites
,Recommended,211820,7999048,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,MilkAndCookies!,i hope beta will finish
,Recommended,211820,8026357,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jazz Music,wat.
76561198134680479,Recommended,211820,24948166,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Brettdamooreface,"I've played this game for 47 hours on a different account. This is much better that Terraria mainly because it has a story and more content.My only con is the game needs better workshop compatibility like some mods made the bottom of my screen glitch out and slowed the game down to 15 fps. I have a Intel i7 6 gen processor and a Nvidia GeForce GTX 960 and some mods still lag. When you download a mod the game needs to start up twice.But the story is engaging, there are so many weapons you can get, there are a lot of blocks to place, items to craft, enemies to shoot, planets to explore, bosses to fight,  and races to meet. You can never beat the game cause of all the side missions on other planets. The community is friendly (besides the perverts).That ♥♥♥♥ing erchius ghost is annoying.666/69 would reccomend to God."
,Recommended,211820,24037628,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,tubedogg,"No problems so far, 10 hours in. I desperately miss a map of some kind and the ability to set the beam-down point on each planet. Otherwise, it's great. I'm very much looking forward to the 1.0 update, though I have been having great fun with what's there already!"
76561198067590480,Recommended,211820,24467312,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,blakechan,Since the new release (update version 1) all my previous issues have been resolved. NO more crashes in challange portals NO more character wipes. get the game. JUST DO IT. YESTERDAY YOU SAID TODAY. JUST DO IT.
76561197961057722,Recommended,211820,8002838,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Killaaaaa,addictive as fuuuuuuuuuujuuuuuuuuuuuuuuujujjujuuuuuuuujjjjjjjjjuuuuuuuuuuck
,Recommended,211820,8003026,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Photoslop,"addicting, infinite exploration."
76561198071448865,Recommended,211820,8516064,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,fatpanda9,awesome!
76561198082658443,Recommended,211820,8029751,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Crazy Bruce's Liquor,THAT MUSIC
,Recommended,211820,8560343,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,spacebuggie,This is fun
,Recommended,211820,24938941,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,nini,"I got this game a few weeks after it came out and, I can say, It's come a long way and it's  still buggy but the game is always being updated and almost all the glitches i found where fixed withen the same 1-2 weeks."
76561198099060230,Recommended,211820,14510125,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,TheGatto,"Starbound is one of the best games I've ever picked up. Endless things to do yah know. People say its a rip off of terraria, its more than terraria. You're going to space dammit! More to explore!Although, I have one problem. The first boss fight for this game is one of the worst. It took me a whole week just get finish it. The problem is that when you die, you have to redo the mission when you die. SO YEAH. This is a minor problem, although, Im pretty sure the devs can fix it in no time.Final Count: 9.8/10 Better than terraria.Best game in my opinon."
76561198046912445,Recommended,211820,14526064,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,FalloutW0lf,Underground Flesh Biome 10 outta 10
,Recommended,211820,14533248,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Swigidi,Is fine
,Recommended,211820,14553083,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Xphous,"One little thing to note that kinda bugs me. Every new character I start up shares the same planet and therefore makes it hard to gather double or sometimes triple the amount of resources. If the devs could make so this isn't a problem, it would make me much happier."
,Recommended,211820,14974268,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,QuantumQuattro,"Great game, though it does still have a long way to go, I think. It needs more missions, more graphical updates, and just.. More updates in general, covering everything. It's still beta, so I can't say much bad about it. All I can really say though is that I can't wait for the updates! Great game!"
76561198138306519,Recommended,211820,14978609,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Squidgy,"I really liked this game until the novakid update. Then I was stuck on a small planet with some abandoned mines. And then it was all like BAM HERES A ROCKET LAUNCHER KILL SOME THINGIES. I also noticed that you can't break structures. One of my favorite things to do before was go to a USCM base and take the stuff, which I would put at my house. Back to the thingies I mentioned, turns out that it's a quest. But you can't progress to other solar systems without killing the boss. Where's the adventure? Don't get me wrong, this was a cool update, but some things were just kinda bad."
,Recommended,211820,14981794,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Sheldon Dinkleberg,it is such a fun game but lacking in playibailty with the fact that most of the servers automatickly give you the stuff you need right at the start (only on mulityplayer servers)
,Recommended,211820,14997336,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,holoandwolf,so much fun /
,Recommended,211820,15000850,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Herostar~Corrupt,I very rarely dedicate a lot of time to these kinds of games.This one has over 400 hours of my time invested into it. Nearly a month straight of gameplay.Need I say more?
76561198170467383,Recommended,211820,15006056,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Soupy,lots of fun i reccomend if you want to fly a space ship around
76561198032522412,Recommended,211820,15017612,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Crusek,Fun game.  Better than Terraria.   Addictive as hell.  I feel like I'm back playing original NES system games back on the 80's.   Fantastic.
,Recommended,211820,15018902,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,coseng,"a lot of people would compare this game to terraria or minecraft, but in all reality, they arent all that similar.the npcs and races are so detailed. by visiting their towns and buildings you just get a whole feel of what their race is really dedicated to. just being in an apex facility gives me chills whilst i feel warm and welcome on avian grounds.there is so much adventure, so many places you can go, ways to aquire the tools to get there, quests that will lead you there. it truly is a beautiful game.speaking of which, the graphics and sounds are quite outstanding, i enjoy the music a lot.i cannot wait to see this game developed further, im sure it has plenty more potentional. i would love to see the novakid race developed more too."
76561198179655274,Recommended,211820,15027279,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,austinmathews,"there is one problem me ""AUSTINMATHEWS"" and my friend ""aceedwards1919"" were having. we cant play together and we basically quit palying. me and him tryed ""EVOLV3"" but it didn't work. we have basically tryed everything but none of it worked. :( so if you could expalin it to people or just make it were you do what ever the name of your world will be, how many people can join the maximum is 10, and change it to friends only or public server. then it will take you to a lobby board and you could invite your friends or just wait for random people to join. i thought this would make people not quit the game any more if you have been having problems about less and less people playing starbound...PLEASE MAKE IT MUCH EASIER i do understand that is is a beta but please make it more simple! ;)"
,Recommended,211820,15027490,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Beagán,"This is a ♥♥♥♥ing aweesome game, and the best part is the devs starting working on it again.+Great Soundtrack+Really nice looking art style+Unique races with there own style of weaponry and armor.9/10Get this game if you are a fan of Terraria."
,Recommended,211820,15035923,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Wizzey,I love this game because you can explore endless =D
76561198112826746,Recommended,211820,15175050,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Colonel_Catsup,I love starbound but the  issue I have with the game is when you make a new character you use the same planet. but can you guys add in the hunger system back like a optional feature you can toggle in the options menu
76561198081236641,Recommended,211820,15180913,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Chef Bouyoswag,I found a planet of mushroom people.Now they are just mushrooms.10/10  would genocide again.
,Recommended,211820,15200909,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,s83NNYs,"Awesome game! Great 2D graphics and the layering of 3D, also the character's action, building architecture. Awesome galaxy(map) design. Craft, build, explore with nice music., and more and more... My favorite game ever, Starbound keep going!!"
76561197971084999,Recommended,211820,15205879,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,DSibb,"Although it's still in beta, it's off to an excellent start. Yeah it's a lot like Terreria but it really goes beyond... worth a try if you get a few bucks to spend on it."
76561197994864592,Recommended,211820,15214438,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Broad5ide,"This game will be amazing once they finish it. That said, they're more than a year and a half into early access at the time of this review with no signs of impending completion. Put this on the waaaaaaaaaay back burner at least until they finish progression."
76561198076354783,Recommended,211820,15219694,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Míreth,"This game is amazing, it has a few bugs, but stil very good"
,Recommended,211820,15222485,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,spoder,"Extreamly fun and addictive sandbox adventure game. Very enjoyable to play with friends and has some good content as of now.I for sure reccomend this game to sandbox lovers (eg; minecraft, terraria) but do not give up hope as there are many updates to come!"
76561198046163497,Recommended,211820,15229457,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,ZABORRA,the game is really fun but gets a little dule in the late game because you get to make better gear than the stuff you loot. a little hint for newbies. when you are told to get core crystals (or shards or something) it really means go close to the core and look for the red shiny ore bits ie. dig deep.
76561198062439096,Recommended,211820,15243841,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Jeremiah Pancakes,Honestly just a lot of fun. looking forward to future updates.9/10 for beta
,Recommended,211820,15599360,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,tacocat90001,this game is pretty awesome you should get it and try it
,Recommended,211820,15603140,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Pandzer,SO COOOL!
,Recommended,211820,15616793,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,GiantPlaidSquirrel,"God this game is amazing, one of my favorite games. I have to admit kinda poorly optimised but, heck, im used to 20 fps XD"
,Recommended,211820,15621888,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,SCBear,"yes i recomend the older vertions because the latest update broke the game... apperently broke 13 ""important""  files and whenever i launch the game it crashes after the chucklefish logo...i uninstalled the game then reinstalled it and nothing was fixed... i has really hyped for the new update too :("
76561198010142840,Recommended,211820,15626141,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,BlueDawn,"Can't like or dislike this game; much internal conflict.I pretty much got out of my survival/building game mood with Minecraft.  Starbound is a great little game (well, it's quite large actually) that I enjoy playing in bursts at a time.  Lots to do and explore."
,Recommended,211820,15629865,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Mana Packer,Well what can i say its a game that's well very enjoyable but it'll get much better i can say iv'e sunk many hours into this game i can't recommend this enough. (cant wait until the finished product so i play it a lot XD)
76561198102867697,Recommended,211820,15773180,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,edd.collins04,just so frickin good
,Recommended,211820,15774171,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,FatCop,"Well lets start with the begining of the game its kinda a pain having to mine down to the core.Then when you get done with that you think your free to explore the universe nope more mining .Then its a  mission and now  more mining another dungen thing.Ok let me sum this up  its a good game for people who are mining fanatics. Casual players may enjoy other things like building or farming or just doing any other activity in the game. .The quest are boring and once you get the best armour not much else to do but this game has an awesome soundtrack and its planets look nice.Im giving this game a positive review becuase its more fun multiplayer with friend, and it has alot of potential i would give it a 7 out of 10.Edit:well this update gave the game more stuff to do and its given me something else to do other then mining and quest so this improved the game.It got better and is now a 7.5.Oh and the nexts updates might make it better.Edit 2:.......The combat update .....well its ok.It doesnt do much to improve the game except revamping the combat which was a much needed change and they added some other things like random npc generated quest which will keep you occupied for an hour or soNote:Sorry about my grammer but no one else cares and neither do I."
,Recommended,211820,15779797,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Soldat. Trevor. ϟϟ,11/10 would space travel agian.
76561198067851360,Recommended,211820,15780713,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Joeoct,"This game is honestly captivating. I've enjoyed almost every minute I have spent on this game, since for me it feels like a giant survival-treasure hunting game. The way you are able to manipulate the building aspect of the game is very friendly and easy to control.  To be honest it has a very megaman X - megaman X3 feel to it.Just be forewarned, there is a lot of community whining going on towards the devs, and most of them are inconsistant (more than likely people who tried to mod the game and failed).However, I feel that they are doing awesome things for this game, and every update keeps bringing me back to play. They listen to the community, in spite of those who complain to just complain, and even support modding the game with how-to guides an such.Shout out to the guys that continue working on this game: I love it, and you have inspired me to learn Lua editing for mods!!!!!"
76561198088848854,Recommended,211820,15791743,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Some Gay Yeti,3 WORDSI LOVE ITit is a great game if you play it you can't stop.+you can play a build what ever you went-/+you need good wifi+you can love it in mins.
,Recommended,211820,15794860,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,afrothundaaaa,"Though at first glance Starbound seems another cliche'd variation of Terraria, it is definitely come a long way since I have owned it and I bought it not too long ago. There are various stability updates and major version updates along the way, and you should not expect to keep your character during Early Access (major updates).I have high hopes for this game and hope the devs continue to bring these great changes. They definitely take an interest in the community at their website/forum."
,Recommended,211820,16002500,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,jargon,"Very fun sandbox-y 2-D game! Some of the quests are a little bit tricky, but it's still a very fun game!"
76561198085413726,Recommended,211820,16005952,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Thatdude64,"This is one of my most beloved games in my steam library and it's still in dev. it is just so......... good i'v put like 6 months of my exsistance in this game (Normaly a game lasts like a week in my ""to care for list"")"
,Recommended,211820,16006357,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,HeathenHammer,Awesome game with regular updates.
76561198047652156,Recommended,211820,16021190,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Assail,A+
76561198157261534,Recommended,211820,16031906,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Zenthis,"All I can say is that it's in Early Access, and it is BETTER than Terraria in my opinion, which is a fully fledged game with rare tier weapon/armor/boss/npc addons. It is just that this game has WAY more potential than Terraria. I believe, if this game appeals to you even slightly, get it now because later on you will be missing out!"
,Recommended,211820,16045497,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Mubby,"Probably my new favorite game to play on Steam, Starbound covers many types of gaming all in one while keeping everything interesting and fun to play. What I love most about it is that there are multiple ways to play the game and it's never boring that way; for example, one person can spend the whole time playing getting ores and upgrading equipment and getting more powerful weapons, another person can spend it looting planets and defeating dungeons, another can harness building abilities and create whole cities on different planets, and there are so many other ways to play it as well. And the fact that there are a multitude of interesting species to play makes it worthwhile to play over and over with different species, each giving their own flare to the game and how you go about playing it. I recommended this game to two of my friends and they are hooked on it, one was literally screaming because you can be a plant (my fav species are the floran and the novakid also). If you're looking for a game that can pass time but is also incredibly fun and quirky, this is definitely it."
76561198108035177,Recommended,211820,16061412,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Toxic Rick,this is the star of bound
,Recommended,211820,16067305,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,GamingDynamic,If you are looking for a game worth buying i suggest getting this.
76561198159377467,Recommended,211820,16461019,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,DraggonT113,"I love just exploring in this game and doing quests, exiting missions, and defeating the bosses. I love how there is many different planets, and solar systems to explore, and there are endless possibilitys!"
,Recommended,211820,16488824,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Fospunk,"High adventure, item hunting, and most of all; progression. It's pretty fun to look for randomly generated structures and and fight or jump your way through them, and (like I do) wreck them. But sadly: this game doesn't have much replayability, I'm sure they'll make it more expansive, even though it's greatly expansive as it is.It has a reasonable about of content in it right now, and it's still in early beta, so look forward to some game changing updates in the future.Conclusion: buy it, it's worth playing. It'll be even more worth buying when it's out of beta."
,Recommended,211820,16501892,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cayli,This is a great open world game. You might want to spawn in armor better than steel to beat the first boss....
76561198059243280,Recommended,211820,16512631,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,vitek,"For early access, is a nice game>fun to play with friends>kinda easy (boring end game) (ok, ok, early access)>customisable character"
76561198014673637,Recommended,211820,16512661,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Listener,"This game is GREAT. It is a wonderful buy to add to your collection of adventure games. It has a nice Minecraft feel to it with a awsome side scroller twist. I have played it for many hours and it has much more life left in it. The character customization is pretty cool for starters. It has a wide veriaty of armors and clothing for your character to wear once in game. The starting materials are pretty basic but they have a wide veraity of races and custom looks for each race. The planets are always some what interesting being that there is always at least some structure with some purpose on the planet. Usually filled with beings native or not, its our own guess. I find this game to be well worth the time and money."
,Recommended,211820,16516864,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Red Forman,"fun fun fun , multiplayer set up is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥though..."
,Recommended,211820,16525656,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,messibello,Very great game. Runs on most computers just fine. I have a Toshiba Satellite C55-A (Not a gaming computer) and it runs fine.  I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,211820,16529152,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,sunna_k,"I like this game, it's come a long way since its earlier days.I do miss my cat though (I had a cat on my ship, but it got changed into a snake when there was an update)I especially like the co-op part of the game."
,Recommended,211820,16818145,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,No Telefrag Plz,"It would seem to the casual viewer that Starbound receives infinite hate because of its Early Access. I'm not very sure why this is, but I'll crush the reasons as best I can.Addressing the main argumentCurrently, the top negative comment by Mandalorian addresses a few things, which I will counter-criticize with arguments varying in strength and relevance. Like people, sort of.""Tiy and the rest of the devs have failed to release a finished product after missing their release by over a year."" But muh nightlies.Have a link.""Exploring planets seemed fun at the very beginning, but it gets old real fast."" Iunno, if you really hate the everlasting differences in every single creature and its abilities, each planet's soil colors, trees, and corresponding saplings (which you can use to mass produce for themed bases), and the constant possibilities for every world, which may be any size, and may be completely void of all understandable life, then sure, it'd probably get real old. You'd probably get tired of every single experience in your life immediately, too.""The different races mean nothing, and will maybe eventually have different effects."" Well, firstly, there's the variation in stats of racial armors. That alone leads to different playstyles as to combat and what weaknesses you're gonna need to cover for each race. Then you got your less important but still important themes. In some cases, races have their own unique weapons. And, as was mentioned, there WILL be different effects. This last sentence of the paragraph is purely speculation and probably qualifies as ad hominem, but it seems that said naysayer was attempting to cover up some insufficient points with the combination of ""maybe eventually"", seemingly as a valid point rather than humourous repetitive adverbs.""Gathering minerals is almost always the same and repetitive for each planet and sector."" Jee, whiz, you'd think from this part that there's not a diverse amount of planets and star systems, including what could be considered ""sub species"" (not just lava planets, but dead planets or volcano planets, for example), and that every single sandbox known to gamers would have some revolutionary system that makes Starbound's obsolete. You'd be wrong, too. Starbound is really good about this, IMO.""Bosses are unimaginative, boring, and easy."" Firstly, saying the bosses are unimaginative would mean that you would have incredibly high standards for anything. The first boss especially fits in with the basic science behind the game's FTL drive and how little the currently discovered sentient species know about the substance, called Erchius. Note that this isn't a strategy used by the developers to avoid writing more lore. It's covered very well. The ""boring"" argument doesn't seem to be based on actual fact or quality, but rather personal opinion and desired playstyle. I found the bosses to be rather engaging. In some races' case, I found the fourth boss to be a challenge, which could further support the previous argument in favor of the races' differences and playstyles.""The 'new' questing system that has been added is boring and monotonous."" Again, ""boring"" is an opinion rather than a fact. I enjoyed how some quests seem optional while some are played for plot and that you can come across items for the optional quests while exploring planets or mining for materials. ""Monotonous"" is essentially the same opinion as ""boring"". It would seem that reviewer in question desires a plot-heavy game rather than a sandbox-themed game with a plot tied in as well.""The missions seem almost pointless in that they only exist to stall the player before more real content is added."" The missions appear to be the way that the player warms up to the NPCs at the Outpost (the hub where you receive many quests) and as such assist the plot. ""Stalling the player"" seems to apply to every game with any sort of plot. Having to travel to the next area would seem to be ""stalling the player"" to the hardcore skeptic as well, while it simply reflects the fact that you have to do...things. It would seem that ""things"" in general stall the player in games if this were true. Why not just remove all content altogether and give you a ""you won"" animation when you boot up the game?""If you are thinking about buying Starbound, turn away and play Terraria instead."" Terraria is fun, but Starbound's space exploration theme alone trumps Terraria's world saves.""You will have a much better time, with [Terraria] that is still receiving more content at a better rate than Starbound, an unfinished game."" Firstly, it doesn't profess itself to be complete, although I'd easily consider it complete as is. Terraria isn't the most prime example for this comparison, but clumping more dirt onto a dirt wall doesn't make the dirt wall better than Windows 10 (the current Microsoft operating system at the time of post; this seems obvious with current context but WHO KNOWS how long this review/argument will last).""[Continues onto a mild rant about how we shouldn't give Chucklefish money for the game they made]."" I believe in giving people money in exchange for something they made and are selling at a justified price, $15 being an excellent amount.So now we know this guy's arguments are essentially troll quality with a cult backing as evidences by much of the blind upvotes.Personal reviewThis game has been compared to Terraria due to its 2D sandbox genre. Yeah, whatever, Terraria used to be considered a Minecraft rip-off. This is too cliché to be a respectable position anymore.Starbound is an excellent space exploration-sandbox game. Starbound has many, many different types of planets and solar systems in addition to the spontaneous generation of creatures to inhabit them, meaning that it's a lucky happening when you find two planets with the same creatures. It doesn't use that as an excuse to stop. Starbound's planets are provided with a wide variety of biomes. There's no magicky filth biome that spreads through the planet. This is science. There's odd organisms, creepy, suspiciously familiar items and themes, and an amazing soundtrack that prompts the player to be brave and explore the stars.I'm not a professional critic, so I won't provide a numeric rating, nor is that really what the Steam review system is ultimately about. It's about recommend or not, with an elaboration as to why. I recommend this game, but if you're so swayed by the naysayers, then I'll just assure you that you're gonna miss out on a spectacular experience."
76561198189047379,Recommended,211820,17702823,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Edgy - kun,"SO good, except...................THE GAME IS SO F-ING CONFUSING: When it says to find a gate or crystals or core fragments I had no idea where to find them. Its bad I had to look up how to beat the very beginning of a game like this. Unlike Terraria, this game has a sort of story, but doesn't pull it off too well."
76561198049647163,Recommended,211820,14440764,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,-=Down_Town=-,"Amazing game, especially after the lastest huge update."
,Recommended,211820,14440879,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,cam,Getting good.
,Recommended,211820,14462578,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Warzone_,"thats a 9/10 for me i feel like there should be a tier 7, 8 or even tier 9 ultrarare armour maybe even add Contraband items which is supposed to be the highest tier items if you dare even add planets with the size from somewhere like 7000 sols up to like 10000-12000 sols (littery monster size planets) more boss fights monsters, planet terrains/biomes, weapons, armour even blocks and furniture (or just items in general) would make this game so much better! keep it up Chucklefish!"
76561198014643908,Recommended,211820,14473958,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Opus Kan,I got fairly far right before the new update and although I was annoyed by the loss of 20+ hours of work I did right before the update I enjoy the new update. It takes a long time to get to other planets and really explore but after you reach the minimum the game is a lot of fun. I'd rather play this over Minecraft or Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,14483572,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Holden Cross,I wasted my life away on some stupid quest I made up for myself in this gameand you should too
,Recommended,211820,14490185,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,mass,Great game! The soundtrack is amazing I can pause the game and just listen to it all day. I love the landscapes especially the ocean and snow worlds! Great combat love the way enemies have special attacks! MUST PLAY!!! 10/10
76561198025471139,Recommended,211820,14525791,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,(2D20) The Angel Castiel,"Love the game, although it could use a quick stack feature for chests, it takes quite a while moving them around."
,Recommended,211820,14542188,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,2VAC,When i'm high and playing this gamei'm always thinkWhat the ♥♥♥♥ i'm doing here?
,Recommended,211820,14567855,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Adoxn,great game! but takes 10 minutes to load. dragon age 3 doesn't even take this long.
,Recommended,211820,14602531,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,samohtseyah,"Great game, you can make custom items very easily, so many things to do, by far one of the best games there is"
,Recommended,211820,14717425,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,BKSpartan,"For a game that is in early beta, I am really impressed with it. There are some things that needs to be fixed before adding more content or this game might be another Warframe and I speak for some Warframe players when I say we don't want to call this game Starbug or Bugbound. For the time being and on this current update, I will give this game a fair rating of 6 Primes out of 10 until I see some improvement."
76561198142514044,Recommended,211820,14719133,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,8BitLuis,Super crazy awsome and great for any one
76561198105247799,Recommended,211820,14742334,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Crieger,"This game is flat out amazing as far as sandbox combat crafting adventures go. Right from the getgo you choose from seven races and you're in space! This pretty much opens the door to having access to a massive number of procedurally generated worlds each unique in their own way as opposed to just one. Some worlds are forests lush with life, others are irradiated and require special protection just to land on. Those with a curious and adventurous mind will love that aspect and certainly won't get bored exploring planet after planet to see what they all have to offer if they are willing to take the time to master skills and collect the gear recommended to do so.On the crafting end of the game there are tons of items you can create. Weapons and armor specific to your character's race can be made at most any crafting station. Collecting materials is literally as easy as swinging a pickaxe, though you'll turn to your matter manipulator more often than not. Some materials are rarer than others but it isn't impossible. Other crafting stations will help you to make rarer materials as well to make that awesome armor set or bad@$$ weapon you want. If you like one article of attire over the other there is also an added tab with every section of what you wear. Just slap the item you like in and your character will still get to show off those awesome pants you found/made and still benefit from the armor they are truly wearing. Also, if you see an item like furniture or anything else that you can pick up, odds are you can convert it to a machine on your ship that can then mss produce them for you endlessly, if you can afford it. the price can be steep depending on the item.The gameplay mechanics are familiar if you've ever played Terraria or other 2D sandbox games. Combat relies on the location of your mouse for aiming and direction you face, clicking to activate what you're using. In some cases you need to watch your stamina or you'll end up too tired to act and have to resort to frantic clicking and key pressing to avoid damage. Higher tier gear will often help you in those situations.Overall, Starbound is an epic game even if it's early access. While I do recommend giving it a try, I do feel the need to warn people buying this for the multiplayer experience. Not everyone has this problem, but if you don't have the right tech and/or programs, actually getting multiplayer to work can be a painful and sometimes demotivational exeperience. It wasn't always a problem for me but at some point something changed either on my end or the game's. My signifigant other and I have done everything that's been advised but we've ony succeeded in either breaking the game entirely or nothing at all. If you're a tech wiz or already have what you need to get by that frustration, or if you like the frustration, don't let my personal experience stop you. Try the game, have fun exploring th universe and kill many penguins. Just be mindful that if flightless birds can't break you, the ""joining multiplayer server error"" message might."
76561198163716163,Recommended,211820,14898837,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Oban,This game is almost like terraria accept it has spaceand stuff. The only downside I see is a few bugs but thats what you get since its still it alpha. This game is not onlygreat now but I have great expectations for it in years to come!
76561198055202172,Recommended,211820,14912364,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Micah,SO fun to play with friends a good game in my book
76561198164862901,Recommended,211820,14926063,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,DM Biggs hellcase.com,"i love the game, but now when i go to load the game it crashes on me. Its not like an every so often thing either. itt happens every single time. Please fix, i would love to play the game again."
,Recommended,211820,14941035,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,R: The Slowness,Space? Space. SPAAAAAAAACCCCCEEEEEEE
76561198093924674,Recommended,211820,14954582,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Darth Vader,Probably one of the best survival games i've ever played although in the winter stable update I feel as though it drifted more to exploration when the hunger and temp was taken out.  Regardless me and my brother have spent many hours playing this game and barley have touched the tip of the iceberg!! overall 10 out of 10!!
,Recommended,211820,14961554,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,DeadSoul14,I love this game. it's a nice mix of terraria and space themed games. I play it everyday. Great game! :D
76561198212502176,Recommended,211820,14967198,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Dark_Fang1776,"Really fun game, reminds me of what terraria could've been. But it soundly became inaccessible for my Windows PC. Plus i cannot figure how to install any mods, but that's just on my part. All and all i rate about 7.5/10. But if you use windows, it MAY become inaccessible too, i do recommend it though!"
76561198069436087,Recommended,211820,14967996,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hmsdeathstar,i can play this game for hours
76561198152681282,Recommended,211820,14972308,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,✪Ello✪,"This game is a mix of Minecraft, Terraria, and a space adventure. It is Awsome!!!10/10"
,Recommended,211820,14979965,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Pvt. Jackson [2RB],"This game is amazing. It blows Terraria out of the water and i've enjoyed through every stage of development. No matter how many wipes they could possibly do, i would still play this game. Now with the winter update, its even more amazing.But my question to you is, why haven't you bought it yet?!"
,Recommended,211820,15178345,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Ned Kelly,"Starbound is an awesome game, having the perfect balance between pixelated sprites and HD Lightning, in a way that is purely stunning. With an near-infinite amount of planets, No two atre exactly the same, with randomly generated monsters, random dungeons and trees. A great game"
,Recommended,211820,15192995,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,andocreeper,"this game is great. I got it because Ive got a mac and I wanted terreria (yes a mac self confesed fail) but at the time it wasnt for mac so i got this In fact not being able to get terraria got me minecraft (Two years ago i wanted it but could not get it at the time My dad told me I could get a game so I chose terraria,We couldnt gat it so dad got me minecraft insted so In a way its good that Terraria is PC only and minecraft was like the one game I knew I would never get no matter what) But Im glad that I got this because this is so FUN! cruzing around space and mining down deep into the unexplored depths.this game has lots of features and the controls are amazingly good and acurate,Also the game has one of the best community's I have ever seen!the avatars look cool and fell real(ish) and all of this  has good history and termanology If this gamewas a wii u game the  instruction manual would be a history book.the only problem with this game is that it takes forever to load and I Mean FOREVER but if you can wait out the loading screen(and penguin) this game is incredeble 9 and a half/10"
76561197980517718,Recommended,211820,15246118,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,PSYCHSHIFT,"Disclaimer: A quick Early Access Review (only) for people on the fence - about the current state of the game, progress rate and purchase decision.Review (2015): For anyone wondering whether or not to buy this game (on the fence) I say DON'T PURCHASE IT YET! untill there is solid evidence the full game with all/most of it's features are releasing or basically untill it's done; otherwise just follow it's progress untill final release.  I bought this game on steam early 2013 it is now april, 2015 as of this review and it is still in early access with not half of the features it promised completed, that should give you an indication of whether or not your purchase is valid.The game is good if you liked terraria you will like this but you may as well play terraria instead since it has more features and its more polished, I've been following this game every couple of months there is very little progress in terms of updates even though their publicly made development progress via their interactive 'roadmap to the stars' on the  star bound site constantly showed 90% at least completion for most modules of the game for the final product that their working on implementing (most were completed or in testing phase) that was months ago.Their is still fun to be had but after awhile since many features aren't fully implemented the novalties wear off because theirs really no purpose to doing anything yet, hence you end up thinking shouldn't be too much longer the devs say it's near completion I can wait there are other things to do in the mean time, like me you'll then end up waiting months check back meh still not enough  progress wait longer rinse repeat.Final Thoughts:So my recommendation is don't buy the game it's not finished and if it will it won't for some time to come do not reward lazy development, if you have the cash to burn and are still really keen on buying it go ahead but very soon the novalty will wear off and you'll think even just a little hmm could have saved that money for something else pref Completed.p.s this review will change when the final game if ever get's released, untill then your better off saving those dollar dollar bills y'all."
,Recommended,211820,15284993,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Pyton,"Buy the game now, and your life will be complete"
76561198058966075,Recommended,211820,15349060,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,akaSUPERTACO,this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥in my face
,Recommended,211820,15610577,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,[nub],"Starbound is a great game, but has flaws in its execution and progress is, in my opinion, slow.Development isn't focused on even some of the most basic issues. If they came remotely close to fixing the performance issues this game suffers from, it would make the game much more enjoyable. Instead, we are adding new features all over the place. With optimization issues, you don't ignore those and continue to add content. My home base is not overly-dense with items, and fairly spread out, but I can still barely move inside it since the last update. Their own outpost is laggy as hell. I get a headache from playing this game if I remain in those areas too long.There has been no clear direction for this game since I first bought the 4-pack for my friends and I. My relationship with this game is pretty love/hate. I love everything it could be, and it IS very fun to play (to a point), but it seems like there are a handful of things the devs could focus on to really help it out. I won't elaborate, since they're pretty much the most common topics in the community as well, so they're aware.Chucklefish are, by NO means, scammers. I see this thrown around constantly and it is just plain wrong. They have a ""creative"" approach to planning their game and executing it, but there has never been an END, or any real lag, in updates to the game. The unstable updates are quite regular. Many people complaining about ""no update this"" or ""abandonment that"" don't know how to read the launcher screen and get involved in the community. We are watching a game get built out from nothing. The first iteration of this game was a sandbox with a progression placeholder. It was just copy-paste tiers of items. We've come a long way from that, and we've got a long way to go.Despite all that, I'd still recommend it, with some words of warning. The game, even as it is now, is worth the money. Who knows where it's going to end up going? I am hopeful it's somewhere good."
,Recommended,211820,15612363,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,wowwes,"I have 175 hours on this game (hopefully that will say enough right there)This game takes the best of Terraria and throws it into a (very cool and pretty unique) sci-fi universe with multiple playable races, a fair amount of character customization, multiple tiers of weaponry and armor to craft and find, rare loot, dungeons, and lots of randomly generated surprises like underground gnome colonies, tombs, and mines. A really fun game although I do wish that the combat system or damage/level scaling system for enemies provided slightly more challenge (feels like I'm playing on God mode sometimes once I got higher tier armor) but they are always updating the game to provide better AI, better features, and a genuinely unique game that you can feel is improving at a pretty good rate."
,Not Recommended,211820,8103533,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Nargacuga,"No progress has been made thus far in the game besides fluff. While you can have a ton of furniture to find and build, a ton of npcs to add in your house/village, it doesn't add anything to the gameplay. It is essentially the same, that kinda fun gameplay but missing that certain something that would make it truly good, that certain something that has been promised to be added to the game. While you were waiting for replayability, exploration, wonder and progressive gameplay, all they did was add new chairs and backpacks and tables.Wait until the game is really released, because two years of waiting for some extra chairs is hardly worth your money. Even when the game is ""released"" be wary of what it has become."
,Recommended,211820,7999162,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,crims1n,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. Buy it now. Right now.
,Recommended,211820,9082161,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MasterRoshi,I love this game. There are endless worlds to explore. And the best part is that you can do it with friends!!!!!!
76561198059042186,Recommended,211820,7989641,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,smokeAmonkey®,"Amazing game if your a fan of terraria you'll be a bigger fan of this. Alot more to do, things to explore, and more gameplay which = more hours of fun."
,Recommended,211820,8436323,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MintyLime,"I don't know who wouldn't love this game besides anyone under the age of 12 who plays CoD. It's pretty, interesting, and I think it's just as fun as Terraria which is closely related. Think Terraria but in space and with more worlds, enemies and dungeons all in one save file. It never plays out quite the same."
76561198144136298,Recommended,211820,16920647,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,DawsonDog03,"Very fun to play. The feeling when you get something awesome like silver,gold, and iron, is just like Terraria! So much effort and love was put into this, that i could play it forever. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,9239649,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,LameWalletChain,While this game is technially still in Early Access (as of Feb 2014) I've not had any problems with the build.Probably the biggest challenge is getting a handle on some of the controls but then again... its not super difficult. I'd recommend taking a look at the wiki first thing to get some clarification.Other than that this game is a blast! I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,211820,8072804,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Glimsyy,It's fun when your friends aren't an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,211820,8014194,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Patriarch,IT'S AB E T AETAI WILL BEF I X E DFIXEDFUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
76561198003589036,Recommended,211820,8844207,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,T Swag,"I'm a latino boy looking for love,"
,Recommended,211820,9943933,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,RM,A fantastic survival sandbox and it's a indie? Doesn't get much better than that.
76561198042337041,Recommended,211820,8565407,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,BiscayStSteve,This game is amazing! Even though it is a very early build there is a lot of cool stuff in it and i see a ton of potential for it and you should buy it.
76561198054193594,Recommended,211820,8048142,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,KillerDamena,I highly recommend this game.
76561197970651734,Not Recommended,211820,8643141,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Xyggy,"Not digging it so far. I'm over the 8-bit look, I'm not really a fan of 2D side scrolling, and so far it seems rather aimless without giving me a curious incentive to dive deeper into the game. I bought this because it was a game reccomendation from a friend and also one we were going to discuss in a gaming group. So far, I wish I'd saved the $15. Granted this is still very early in development, so I'm hopeful it'll get better (more focus before sandbox, maybe). However, for now I cannot reccommend this game."
76561198047128678,Recommended,211820,7988733,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,knig,epic
,Not Recommended,211820,15433566,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nuclear Gaming - NovaGaming,Needs more content. I won't recommend until there are more quests and bosses.
76561198026397104,Recommended,211820,9082294,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TheBigMonk,"Like Terraria, but not quite, It's more about exploration at the moment. Has great future potential."
76561198050670078,Recommended,211820,8152360,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dankman,universes of fun 10 out of 5
,Recommended,211820,8627022,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,[GetLow] Transmute,best game since games
,Recommended,211820,14396844,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Archvana,This Is A Decent Game
,Recommended,211820,8023481,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Seanbhoy18™,An amazing game
76561198020894735,Recommended,211820,8763547,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,HoundofGlory,I really like this game. I opened up a server for it on my machine we can all play together.
,Recommended,211820,10423258,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Cytros Reborn,"Highly recommend this game. The graphics are colorful, and the music is amazing. You should get this game for a sci-fi sandbox adventure."
,Recommended,211820,8262894,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,"what is ""trying"" ?",dank♥♥♥♥♥game yo
,Recommended,211820,13748141,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tux Worshipper,Impossible to run. unless you have a good PC. then... well...10/10 farming and raging simulator
,Recommended,211820,8453768,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,gay frog,"The soundtrack is amazing and compliments the gameplay perfectly. I like how it is similar to Terraria, but it has its own feel of gameplay."
,Recommended,211820,10088761,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),This is a fun free roaming Space Terraria if i was able i would recommend this game a thousand times with the price of 14.99 it would be easy to get.This game should be game of the year. I give it 1000000/10
76561197998125763,Recommended,211820,7938896,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SynR,dafuq is terraria? starbound ftw!
,Recommended,211820,8602891,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Devcutter,this game is really nice the modding community is awsome!
,Recommended,211820,9090722,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Cammy,"Great game, also great for co-op"
,Recommended,211820,9030459,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Aglowglint11,"So, here's my reveiw on Starbound and why I gave it a thumbs up.So, I gave Starbound a thumbs up because it's a fun game to play alone and with friends with limitless worlds to explore, It's still in beta so It only gets better.My problem with the other reviews here?Everyone that reveiws this game is like: ""EITHER BUY, TERRARIA OR STARBOUND, BLAH BLAH BLAH"" It's stupid. Buy both of them, If you're looking for a fun game to play with your friends with a ton of content. Buy Terraria, BUT if you're looking for a great game with tons of cool stuff, Limitless worlds and TONS UPON TONS of content and constantly updated mods with 6 playable races a 7th coming when the game releases. And it's still in early, early beta. So, you tell me? is Starbound better? or not?One other thing is I don't see why people waste their time writing like 45 page essays in the reviews how Terraria is better. Waste of time much?"
76561197993263306,Recommended,211820,8671283,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Wes,Amazing! exploration. crafting. leveling items. finding treasures! traveling to hundreds of planets! buy this game now you will love it
,Recommended,211820,10694520,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,rafidadg,Great game! lots of fun!
,Recommended,211820,8068434,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,sn0wtec,Awesome game so far
,Recommended,211820,9222134,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Gilded Shadow,"Although it is only in beta, this game is already amazing. By the time it's out of beta, it will have so much more. I expect to be spending a lot of time playing this game, watching it grow from the great game it already is to an even better game."
76561198022452283,Recommended,211820,8451336,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Preludebb6,"You can jump, and shoot. Pretty much Megaman, Its meh 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8151251,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Confetti Yeti,"Absolutely love the game, has a few issues but hey its early access its to be expected right?"
,Recommended,211820,7916551,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Kantey,if ya liked terraria buy this
,Recommended,211820,16056847,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Syl,"Awesome modding community, loads of content there to tide you over til the next official dev update (which happens quite a bit).Love this game. It's terraria in space!"
,Recommended,211820,16394308,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ImmortalSaus,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=725374022https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fTrT9P6JrdUHE'S OUT BOYS! BAIL!
,Recommended,211820,16448153,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gay,Glitched out of my ship while in space and suffocated10.01/10
76561197994387037,Recommended,211820,16448285,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Anderic,it's like Terraria only with more focus on exploration and no Blood moons. Instanced Boss Fights. do quests and upgrade your starship
76561198098433788,Recommended,211820,16489023,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Manimals - Jörmungandr,"Overall, this game is really great. Some pros are:+ has hours and hours of gameplay value+ has infinite procedural star systems+ has space dogs+ has very few bugscons:- Doesn't have enough space dogsYou can raid, research facilities, make nano suits, kill every single thing, and make guns that shoot electricity. Once you get the space ships thrusters repaired, that's when you can have all the fun. Everything mentioned above, and more!UPDATE: I still recommend  this game, but don't spend too much time with a character, because it'll be wiped every pdate until they find a way to stop that. Your files still exsist, just cannot be used."
,Recommended,211820,16515547,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mayo-In-A-Jar,"There are alot of thumb downs on this game... but its early access, what do you expect. This game has gone through a HUGE update recently and has really improved the game. It works fine on normal computers and is a wonderful 2D sandbox game. Its basically a pace terraria but with a constant endless universe!  8/10"
76561198140209231,Recommended,211820,16533576,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Weeaboo,Highly recommend this awesome game!
76561198161292238,Recommended,211820,20304692,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Sarbin080074078,owsome
,Recommended,211820,20150852,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,No Mercy Morty,Amazing game! Loads of fun and easy to learn. I'm playing through the game without any trouble. I havent searched any guids.
76561198261318059,Recommended,211820,20306348,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,dirkdirkson,"Great, so much fun! only a bit of difficulty when opening the game, it has quite the start up time"
76561198125519152,Recommended,211820,20329090,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Lucky shotgun,Poor connection mode               Poor connection mode          Poor connection mode
,Recommended,211820,15601369,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Ru!,BETA BETA BETA BETA BETA BETA
,Recommended,211820,15777273,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Arizona Ice Tea,What a marvelous game. 10/10 would die to a weird alien dog again.
,Recommended,211820,15785918,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,chupuppy0214,it's like mincaft but 2D get it now it's actualy fun
76561198028027611,Recommended,211820,15796083,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Void,love it
,Recommended,211820,15989482,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Wyvern,I drowned in healing water10/10
76561198119228110,Recommended,211820,16022542,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,H1N1Assassin,i don't like the horse in my ship
,Recommended,211820,16505807,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,|FC| Ian,"I don't do reviews that often, but I need to say, I like it. I'm in the 4th tier of gear and just starting to see micro dungeons, experiencing other civilizations, the game starts pretty weakly, with lots of fetch quests and small things, but once you get into it, it's a lot of fun as is. I can't wait to see the future updates, and I see why this game has been in early access for sooo long; it's a VERY ambitious project, different races with different weapons, and different gear, along with different plants, foods, creatures and and blocks to inhabit each planet. It can get a little repetitve, but you will run into unique planets, with villages which is pretty rare, but is REALLY cool when you do, makes the universe of the game feel pretty organic.TL;DRPros:-Nice art style.-Great music-planet variety is pretty nice, will very likely get better over time-Friendly UI-Races are awesome, with their own styles-Developer seems abitious to tackle this kind of game,-It has mod support, which could give more replayability.Cons:-Slow, tedious start. Beginning feels unbalanced, first mission was a huge pain.-Repition of some planets, after 100+ hours, it seems like it'd get a tad boring.Notes:-Combat is a little clunky, but gets better as you get used to it.-I haven't played multiplayer yet, my friend is picking it up soon.Overall, I say get it. It's like terraria with more variety, with less dungeons, which could happen very soon, It's early access, anything can happen.Note: One reason updates don't come often is because there's only 8 people working on Starbound, with a few contributors. (source:http://playstarbound.com/team/), including the PR person, so obviously this isn't going to get MMO sized updates at MMO speeds, and is going to take forever to make everything, they push the stuff out more steadier on unstable, and stable gets everything in one huge patch, based on my observation. I love sandbox style games, and just building and making my own goals to achieve, so I can wait for the better quest updates, more dungeons, bigger places, as I'm pretty satisfied with the game as is."
76561198057485234,Recommended,211820,16514321,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,TheManMax,this game is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ic
76561198042180244,Recommended,211820,16514663,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,vacnatskall,Very good game.
76561198197494574,Recommended,211820,17836648,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,gjf,"Love this game and can't see myself tiring of it any time soon!This game is pretty much a intergalactic version of Terraria with more content (if the creators keep putting in updates) and aside from beatuiful graphics and scenery, it has a wonderful soundtrack with an also obscure, vauge storyline backing it all up."
,Recommended,211820,17846775,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,dogreversed,"Bought two copies, such an amazing game. The music, the graphics, the mechanics, they all go together perfectly."
76561198071413405,Recommended,211820,17342976,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Gregario,+
,Recommended,211820,17498814,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,AutisticStorm,I hope this game is finished soon!
76561198099609552,Recommended,211820,25297038,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,mrricechex,"Hey you! Yes you! What are you doind reading reviews?!?! This game is all about helping a sweet old lady steal very important artifacts. Your wasting her time. She is very old and doesn't have much time left, so you really need to hurry and buy this game! So now GO! Use your money!!! Buy it NOW!!!The space exploration and dungeon crawling was kinda cool too.I bought this game in the fall of 2014. It was a pretty early buld where hunger would come up as a bar in the bottom of the screen every once and a while and you couldn't just look at it whenever you liked. The only people who would awnser you distress beacon was an angry penguin. And you could find more copies of Half-Life 3 than guns. But it was still totally amazing. Rock on Chuckle Fish. Rock on.P.S. I knew the game when loading it took the better part of an hour on my computer and instead of having the normal Chuckle Fish logo, they had a random looking orange blowfish stare at you with wide eyes and laugh, just laugh."
76561198155493563,Recommended,211820,14450640,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,its fucking devvo like dickhead,OMG! i'm so addicted to this game even though i dont play it alot i still am ADDICTED!P.S -- Your awsome
76561198084294680,Recommended,211820,14508229,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,ProdigyKiller18,I saved one of my games and when I went to get back on all of the progress that I had made was gone and I had been playing for a few hours.  This game is fun but I am very upset of my saved progress going away.
,Recommended,211820,14570207,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,The West Ghost,"Yeah its in early access and any glitch(allthough mostly rare/harmless) has me panic, and geting stranded in a new galaxy is kind of a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ it's still a lot of fun and I recommend it anyway. it has a lot of content and gamplay plus the randomized worlds, plus this is just early access. It even has some advantages over terraria(I enjoy both games) like fluid character animations and multiple races. If you like(d) terraria and space, you'll like starbound."
76561198067561251,Recommended,211820,14628233,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,lich_boss,probably fun cant find coffee beans so it is pretty boring the game was better when you didnt have to do a long intro
76561198119537759,Recommended,211820,14680654,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,element energy,realy good everyone of my friends love it
76561198027652540,Recommended,211820,14700452,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Sunburn,"Don't be fooled by thinking this is just ""Terraria in space."" Starbound holds up enough on it's own to distinguish it from Terraria in many ways, and coming in to the game thinking that, I found the game had a lot more charm and gameplay to it than I could have ever thought.Though it's very similar to Terraria, with it's block based construction, 2d planes and parralax, Starbound holds a vast difference of promise to it. The biomes you'd find scattered over the land in Terraria, rather than simply mixed together across the map, Starbound has in single planets that you can go to and explore. There are frost planets, desert worlds, jungle planets, each with their own weather, inhabitants, structures and even gravity!The combat system is also vastly improved over Terraria; there's no swing to hit and possibly shoot magic, many weapons, while possibly having a large cone of attack, you still have to aim. Different weapons will have different speeds and damage, suiting a vast range of players.The variety of playable races and extensive customisation welcomes nearly any player to the game in a simple way. There are many different hairstyles, clothes and even personality types for your starfarer. The amount of connection you can gain to a character through this alone surprised me - though I'm a semi-literate plant man with a penchant for stabbing based violence, I've never felt the amount of association I hold with my character in a game before. Even if you don't want to be you, that's fine too!The aesthetics of the game have a unique, ever present style that flows beautifully with the lighting engine - travelling through a forest in the dark, with only the stars to guide me that are occasionally blotted out by shadow, my trusty flashlight would dynamically light up the environment, shining off the leaves of the trees and illuminating the ground, and whatever beast comes my way. The animations are pretty good too, with many enemies and characters sauntering, sprinting, leaping or flying at you.The extensive crafting system lets player build nearly anything they want to, from castles, to steam-punk forts, mines, housing, crashed spaceships or even a simple campsite complete with tents.The only downsides I've found so far, it isn't always inherently obvious what exactly it is you need to do at times.Having just gotten off of the starter planet with such an impression, much to be desired and so much promise already at my fingertips, I heartily recommend anybody playing this.TL:DR, something for everyone, fun and engaging, more than just ""Terraria in Space."""
,Recommended,211820,14891383,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,knexman,Fun building and exploring game. easy to lose track of time while creating cool buildings or lairs :)
,Recommended,211820,15027347,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Tyrantiszarious,Basically this game was good enough for somebody to attempt greenlighting a terria/starbound fusion baby. Its essential to play this game with freinds for it to be worth maybe 50% of the price tag.
,Recommended,211820,15988823,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,LeftClick,"While still in beta, this game shows IMMENSE promise."
,Recommended,211820,16034689,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Shinko,Recommended :D
,Recommended,211820,16045690,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Zepp,"This is like Terraria, but for whatever reason I LOVED this game but hated it's predecessor. It's well balanced and has evenly paced updates with new stuff coming in every time. The environments are interesting and unique."
,Recommended,211820,14534907,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,King Knight,IS FUN. PLAY GOOD. YEAAAAAA.
76561198098092348,Recommended,211820,14578645,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Sir Salad'VanCreamyVonSaladFace,"This a bif Upate and I hope it goes on full release but I can't play starbound because it keep crashing and I thing the mod are Gone but now with this update, I can delete some mod to make it smoother so please make it a fast as possible!"
,Recommended,211820,14605454,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Vac Effron Lord of the Ping,spawn in game gives you backstory spawn down then feel like you are alone 1 month later multiplayer comes out figure out how to rade ships shortly after realize you can get anything you want with admin and use it in multiplayer feel sad because it does not feel like survival anymore... leave for 3 months come back repeat.
76561198140321439,Recommended,211820,14627836,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Pyr0,it is a verrrry good game i 9000000% recomend it
76561198103362857,Recommended,211820,14719720,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Cowboy,Love it.
,Recommended,211820,14726960,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,VOODOOCH1LD,"A magical and super immersive game with an amazing soundtrack and endless backgrounds to keep you mesmerised.This game is perfect as a casual game, but hounestly, good luck not spending 3 or 4 hours getting lost in it.It gives random open world play with a range of craftable items and holds many great properties of survival games, but still gives quests and objectives witch kept the game from getting to stale and directionless. Absolutely worth what I payed for it and with the latest update this game has got me engrossed in it again. Would highly recommend it even if you aren't into this kind of game. 8bit has never looked this good!"
76561198118414019,Recommended,211820,14919182,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Blank,"AWSOME AWSOME AWSOME, starbound is mincraft that had sex with terraria and had a baby, which they gave up for adoption because those games together suck, and adopted starbound. All I can say is I'm a hylotl assassin who assassinates first and asks questions first. I love this game and as a quote ""I don't always play videogames, but when I do, I play starbound, and robocraft."
76561198110465670,Recommended,211820,14995886,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,lukezuke,great game I like all the neet bioms
,Recommended,211820,15222517,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,(binful) Jerry,"StarBound is a fun, wacky, explosive, space exploration simulator. I enjoy blowing up space pokemon with a rocket launcher, or exploring planetys with eyeball trees with friends. if you enjoy terraria, you'll enjoy this.rating: 9/10 Great Game"
76561198152956018,Recommended,211820,15279252,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Shadow81,"Starbound is an amazing game, the best i've seen in a long time. I highly recomened this game to any age group. Best game ever! :)"
76561198033576631,Recommended,211820,15332376,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Reya1s,Great game....Havent played it in a while. Assuming theres more content then its worth the buy.It plays better than terraria.  Its just a bit short and repetitive.
,Recommended,211820,15610403,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,_xXDarkbladeXx_,#loveit the best steam game ive played so far
,Recommended,211820,15617755,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,WhoTookSkeletorAsAName,SPACE!!!!To good to exist
76561198168497405,Recommended,211820,15630714,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,WiseBoreisk,Really fun game i love the new update adds a lot like quest and missions if i where u i would get this game.Its really awsome its half sandbox half RPG really fun i rate 9.5/10 Why? Cuz theres no such thing as 10/10 :)
76561198174964299,Recommended,211820,15778154,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,creepyformining1,BEST GAME EVER(enough said)
,Recommended,211820,16458221,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,heuristics,"Pretty fun game, TONS of craftables.  If you liked Terraria, you'll enjoy this one."
76561198035654888,Recommended,211820,25160069,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Hunter-617,9.6/10
,Recommended,211820,28756938,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TSharK,LEGEN... WAIT FOR IT... DARY! LEGENDARY!
76561198066239942,Recommended,211820,14437923,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Non Seasonal Birkin-Turkin,"The game takes a while to load the first time you do, but after that - it is very smooth. The abundance of secrets to be found mixed with the scale of an entire universe makes this game not only a worthy successor to terraria, but an amazing game in its own right."
,Recommended,211820,14448565,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Monica,"This turned out to be one of my favorite games ever made, i was lookign for a terraria alt and found this and so happens to be even better then terraria will never go back :) get it its cheap and lots of fun stuff to do"
76561198132123461,Recommended,211820,14451547,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,kristingraves23,I want to play but when the sever note pops up i cant play what do i do
,Recommended,211820,14453484,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,BloodyToaster☭™,I love the game been playing since it came out but this new update broke my game :/ I cant go into anything my games says something Illegal and then my game crashes Halpz
76561198076268261,Recommended,211820,14458310,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Sexual Tyrannosaurus,"Starbound is awesome. It's one of the few early access games that I don't regret buying, for a lot of reasons. First off, it's a pretty game. The art style is really nice, and everything is easy on the eyes. The best thing about starbound though, is easily the millions of different things to explore. That may or may not be an exageration, but starbound has a lot to offer. Each planet is unique, and each sytem has a ton of planets, and each universe has several different sytems, so every playthrough will be different from the last. Also, besides there being a lot of cool stuff in normal starbound, the game is really easy to mod. So the adventures in space never really end. The last thing I'm going to say is that the devs are real stand-up people. The are constantly working and updating the fans on progress. That's all I have to say, but in short, BUY STARBOUND."
,Recommended,211820,14459433,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Arillius,"Despite the developer Chucklefish temporarily 'abandoned' the game to focus on their big update on the game, it's still really fun to play for people who like Terraria and science-fiction."
76561197999052534,Recommended,211820,14914659,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,jim_magim,"Today I am not me. I am an alien...wait no a human.....a bird man. Yes. I am a bird man! Wait, Bird Woman! I have a ship and a home planet, but I killed the inhabitants so I am in the market for a new one.  I find a planet full of inmates: what a shame this planet already has it's people. I travel to a new one where robots have taken over. While they are great at making toast, they are terrible at conversation. I load my gun and head to anew planet. It has a really big building. I decide it is my building. My gun and I peacfully remove the boides from the building and, as luck would have it, it is now mine. I abandon that small shack I built on planet""no longer important"" and move in.10/10  Makes me miss Terraria."
76561198004189125,Recommended,211820,20118170,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Malferno,"Space-Terraria with more lore, missions and your own personal space ship! Now if only combat was as exciting..."
76561198082256349,Recommended,211820,8099644,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Thunderblader,An awsome game with many features and weapons but still in early beta with very active improvements and with a storyline still in progress so i can't wait for it to finish
,Recommended,211820,16832087,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,I-O-I,Great game!Mix of Space Engineers and Terraria
,Recommended,211820,8057089,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Shaq,"I recommend this game, as it is very good for beta, but a little more depth would be appreciated, it very much is terraria and then some. The soundtrack is VERY impressive in my opinion. This game will leave you impressed and happy with your purchase, but you may of expected more, and 'more' is likely to come. Bear in mind I am only a few hours in. I would recommend it to most people though. The multiplayer is also very smooth, (and there are gongs!!!)."
,Recommended,211820,9266362,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Goat Nuts,I think i have the best review yet!
76561198048432438,Recommended,211820,9114749,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,MiliAn,good
,Recommended,211820,8037574,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,ecstatic tree,"Definitely worth the $15. This is certainly not a Terraria remake. Gameplay is entirely different. Just the feeling of hopping in your badass space ship and flying at ludicrous speed is just a great feeling. The large variety in the gameplay is refreshing. The random generation and vast amounts of planets for you to discover, pillage, colonize, is a great aspect of the gameplay. Also the fact that there are racial armors/weapons encourages trading amongst community servers. There are a few bugs, but what game in beta doesn't? The progression in tiers of ores, armor, weapons is a very smooth transition with tons of variety between each type of armor is outstanding. The difficulty scales with you, so only at the very end game will you be able to travel to a high tier planet with a low threat. Also, having mech suits and speeder bikes adds to the tremendous amount of things to accomplish in the game. The attention to detail is greater than almost every game I have played. With the amount of vanity clothes and other customization apperal, you can make your character look how you want him/her to look. The progression throughout the ages is a great feature, going from a small stone pickaxe to a glorious diamond drill. The replay time on this game is extremely large, because every character is different, not just how you make them look, but how you choose to style your gameplay. 11/10 Sexy game."
76561198192248994,Recommended,211820,24498487,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,amalie.eidissen,I love this game. But me and my friend is having trpubles with it. Whoever joins the other ones game is lagging so bad even though we both have good internet. The one hosting is not having problems at all.
,Recommended,211820,24487782,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,iz ThAt An EgGo WaFfEl?,Preety good game. Sometimes starbound can get dull at times but if you work through them you will get on to more exciting stuff like boss fights and stuff. I havent really delved into the new update but it was preety good and im sure it is still going to be great delving into the new update
76561198080767643,Not Recommended,211820,24587419,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,korbusnik,"I loved this game when it first came out.Why, in this age, would clicking fullscreen in the menu, break the game?This is a PC game! I am playing on a good PC wired via HDMI to a 42 inch LG tv.98% of games work fine, but occasionally there is an extremely poorly optimized game as such, where, for some reason, going fullscreen or changing the resolution will break the game on the menu screen.F11 IS THE UNIVERSAL FULLSCREEN KEY, but not if you are a poorly optimized developer. There is no way to get back into the options, as the menu is zoomed into the top right corner, there is no way to change the resolution or exit fullscreen without accessing the menu.I am so angry right now, I cannot decide wether to reinstall the game so that I may experience 1.0 in windowed mode, or to never play or buy any game from this half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥developer ever again.THE GAME IS BROKEN BECAUSE I CLICKED FULLSCREEN!"
,Recommended,211820,14355188,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,xxMrxTarzanxx,was attacked by poop10/10 would play again
76561198029463443,Recommended,211820,29510785,Posted: 26 January,all,HerrVonKrieg,"only had for a day, but very much like it!  played like 6hrs straight.  kinda of a learning cruve once you start.  the fall dynamics seem a little to high considering you can see much when your delving into the planet, but no worries.I just wish it was a bit more rpg style with the character.  so far as I can tell there is no player development of your avatar.  no xp gains. so skill specialization.  very addciting for side scroller.  interesting story too"
,Recommended,211820,25293078,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Rhodes,"Promising is the best word I can use to describe this game. It's been around for some time, but I've only purchased it as of the 1.0 Update.Gameplay-wise, it's a universal sandbox in the form of Terraria.The storyline is ok, however the main quest does seem really lazy and repetitive, but it's also worth noting that the main quest is just a single aspect of the game and isn't the core part, you might be  player who just prefers to explore and build on different planets, in which case you'll be here for hours.If I could suggest a recommendation for this game, it would be content. I would love to see more bosses, as well as higher tiers of weaponry and armour. Equipment is currently scaled on a teiring system of 1-6, which also incorporates a rarity scale of between common and legendary. The boundary does need to be pushed to beyond Tier 6.It's a good purchase, and I purchased it at full price, and I feel as though I've had a decent amount of play time for my money so far.Definitly one to watch."
76561198218792313,Recommended,211820,25294655,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Harbinger of Life,"BEST FRACKIN GAME EVER!!!!!! (ba-dum crash) also, frackin universe is the best mod starbound has in my opinion"
,Recommended,211820,25338074,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Stat Trak™ Bread,"Awesome game in my opinion, whish that the game could be updated more often, though. :)"
76561198216269355,Recommended,211820,29509915,Posted: 26 January,all,jrivas,this game is awesome..
76561198112976583,Recommended,211820,29511873,Posted: 26 January,all,Stellwrath,i love this game my older brother and his friends showed me this game and have been playing since
76561198115946256,Recommended,211820,15355871,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,earthy82,its a really good game even servers are easy to make!
76561198064384544,Not Recommended,211820,25246044,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,theshadesong,"I have sunk a lot into this game, yet it had felt more of a chore and fun. I adored building an underground city disguised as a simple planetary research facility, there is a lot of creativity outlet in this game, however, the questing experience felt boring and uninteractive, i still need to find a reason to have NPC's, food,colony etc.I ADORE this game, yet i feel slightly disappointed by how it has turned out."
,Recommended,211820,30928196,Posted: 3 April,all,Flip ಠ_ಠ,"like terraria, but you can actually build stuff that looks fancy...thats great. Ah yeah and penguins with guns !"
,Recommended,211820,30931866,Posted: 3 April,all,MisledOdin612,"Of what little I've played, this games seems to be really good."
,Recommended,211820,30932998,Posted: 3 April,all,supapretzel,"I remember my friend sharing her game library with me on day (I believe three weeks ago prior to writing this), and I was curious... And then I kept playing... And kept playing. I will be honest, this game has sucked more hours from me than I can imagine! Trust me, if you want a game that is both an adventure, and a canvas- in that you can make mods for... Just about anything-, then you want this game.... Seriously, though, I'm never getting those hours back. I'm stuck playing this game! HELP!!!"
76561198087750843,Not Recommended,211820,24486951,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Death Oracle,I can't even play the new version with either the rain causing far to much lag spawnrates being horribly broken or the cpmbat weapons are far to slow to kill anything slightly smaller then you to lag spikes letting the monsters score reapeated hits on me to new horribly matter manipulatar's menu WOW only about eight of the super rare items to uprgade it to liquids YAY that's so much better overall don't play or but it until the next update where they fix these mistakes
76561198204986672,Recommended,211820,30930814,Posted: 3 April,all,cousinskids,this game was fun to play and is amazingly made over all this is a really good game and i think chuklefish should make more like it.also the game was not too expensive so i could get it easily.i got the game recently (four or five days ago) and played it non-stop until i beat it.not only is it fun but it is addicting to play.
76561198089811771,Recommended,211820,30935822,Posted: 3 April,all,Soup,is good
76561197999774032,Recommended,211820,24489038,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Mulligan,Really enjoying 1.0
76561198005881036,Recommended,211820,21234176,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,R/a/Z/e,:)
,Recommended,211820,18434373,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,JaceSilverwave,"Many People will call Starbound ""Terraria in space"" and while that isnt completely wrong it dosent make it a bad game, in fact it makes it much better by taking the parts of Terraria that make it so much fun and enhancing the art style to fit into multiple races, planets, and general ancient space theme that this game brings across, while not overusing the classic high, tech steel plating, or generic weapons, by having tons of randomly generated dungeons across millions of procedurally generated planets, within the thousands of solar systems in the massive universe that the game has to offer. ADDITION: There is much I could say about this game, nearly all being good. The fantastic multiple art styles put together with the beautiful soundtrack and atmosphere make this game already an amazing experience were it only an exploration game. The combination of rpg and dungeoneering adventuring, and the procedurally generated weapons along with incredibly unique items just adds to how incredible this easy purchase is to make worth your while. I would instantly recommend this game to nearly anyone i knew and just about every time they enjoyed it immensly."
,Recommended,211820,9097904,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TroubleJit,"Starbound is a 2D sidescroller that always leaves me craving more. You are able to travel to different systems all around the universe, with different sectors to explore. The game is in early Beta righ now but they have removed the player wipes so now you wont have to worry about losing all your hard work. This is a great game you would not want to miss out on.9/10"
76561198050600968,Recommended,211820,24548341,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BlueDudeGaming,"Hey, that's pretty good"
76561198128583801,Recommended,211820,24464189,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Bowser from Sonic,"This is a great game and I highly recomend it to anyone and everyone who likes open world (or galaxy) games.  It is a fantasticly made game with cute retro graphics and an incredible soundtrack. Buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198080213433,Not Recommended,211820,25103862,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Vast Hydrant,"It is okay, not my type of game...I mean it's fun but, really hard to understand how to play."
76561198112176375,Recommended,211820,8677140,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Warlick,"There are mixed thoughts about this game. Many people say ""Starbound is epic"" but a lot say ""Its just Terraria"". That. Is. Stupid. If Starbound is like Terrira (which is the most popular 2d voxel game) then Bf4 and Cod ghosts are just remakes of the first Quake (Which was one of the first fps)!When you descover a world on Starbound, it feels realy special, who knows whats down there? As there is the random dungeongenerator, the world generator and the ramdom creature creator, it realy feels like you have discovered something!My only problem with this game is that it has a few bugs and gliches which need to be taken care of. But hey ho, thats my fault for buying a game in the first stage of beta!"
,Recommended,211820,25158656,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Alexander the Littlee,"If Terraria and No man's Sky had a love child..Though it crashes and bugs awfully often I still could recommend it, 'cause in any other aspects, it's a great game."
76561198307904558,Not Recommended,211820,25173311,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,MartinSuperSaiyan,Itdose not work for me
76561198048939012,Recommended,211820,8072273,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Delirium Trigger,awesome game
,Recommended,211820,7970763,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Chin chin,"Wow! What a game! Now, this game only come out 4 days ago, on Wednesay 4th of December 2013, but it's already better than Terraria! Get it now!"
76561198070289536,Recommended,211820,9377992,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Darryl Mcgarr,Amazing game buy this
,Recommended,211820,14684889,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Shizuye,"Great game. Was close to not buying because I assumed it was gonna be exactly like Terraria, but I was wrong.I absolutely love the idea of the Matter Manipulator, and the box of light so you could see just a little bit into the block. Such a great feature.Although it is in Beta, and for myself it is having some issues with lag and whatnot, my positive experience isn't impacted by these minor things.If you're debating on getting the game, don't skip it over. Try it out. It's really good."
76561198071209619,Recommended,211820,14691122,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The Hulk Hogan Experience,One of the best games I have ever played to this day. Intence combat and extoroudenly big worlds! Starbound is my game of the year (for PC)
76561198071720197,Recommended,211820,14695162,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,WolfeWarsaw,"This is a fantastic game, and I bought it very early on in development. it has come a long way, and it will come a long way again to become a fantastic game. My only problem is, I have a mac. I played the game just fine for quite some time, I recently reinstalled it, and it is my only steam game that doesnt work. It just sits on the loading screen. Please fix this."
,Recommended,211820,14695167,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,PacBacPac,"This game is one of the most fun games out there imo. It combines sandbox and RPG into a very nice package. You're given an upgradeable spaceship, an infinite amount of worlds/solar systems to explore, each world itself being very large. Even if you get bored of exploration and building, there's missions and quests, so there's always something to do.10/10 Can't wait till they add more stuff"
,Recommended,211820,14702191,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,RTLSRD,"Starbound is probably the best exploration intensive game you'll find anywhere. A lot of people would suggest checking this title out if you're into minecraft, but I wouldn't really agree with that idea. I hate Minecraft and Terraria, but I love Starbound because it offers me the ability to explore an endless universe. Definitely the game to get if you want an adventure."
76561197992132597,Recommended,211820,14715271,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,LausBooB,The game was pretty cool at the very beginning and all that happened since made it better and better. So addictive!
,Recommended,211820,14717245,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,RelativeParadox,Fun. An enjoyable game I recommend it.
,Recommended,211820,14718157,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,SPARTEN4603,this game even though com[ared to terraria is a great laugh and quite amusing
76561198007549114,Recommended,211820,14751589,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Stylis,Starbound is a good mixture of Terraria and Minecraft all bundled into a gaurdians of the galaxy kinda world.
76561198086099628,Recommended,211820,14752577,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Midori Gurin,Although the game still needs work (as many do) I think this could become something special. Fun to play once you know the ropes and a bit more story compared to some games. I look forward to future updates.
76561198078358172,Recommended,211820,14753700,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Winter Moth,Took out Tentacle Planets. 0/10
76561198096130429,Recommended,211820,14765269,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Xenmir,"This is a really fun game you and your friends can have a blast among the stars, fight side by side, and build your dream base! I really love playing this game with my firends I know that it is still in beta but that doens't stop me from having fun with my friends."
76561198104096847,Recommended,211820,14767654,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,69_Horny_Midgets,This is one of the best freeplay games it has tonnes to explore and no problems of getting too op to fast and not overly viloent and its in early access too!! it is alot like terria but so much better because you arent limited to one world to explore you have tonnes.
,Recommended,211820,14845680,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Kiara,"10/10I love this game, I have recently gotten back into it after the new updates, and I love it! if you like Terraria, or Minecraft, you will like this! I can spend hours jumping from planet to planet just exploring. Its amazing. :D"
,Recommended,211820,14871232,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Porzingod,I Would like To See Achivments But It Is A Big Open Game Worth Buying
76561198031235616,Recommended,211820,14873057,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,kibop,When you first see Starbound you probably think oh-boy another Minecraft/Terraria survival game Yaaay... But this game is everything those games didn't have. The somewhat random planets are intriguing from the Apex Labs to Avian Sky Ships the randomly generated structures are amazing layouts and compatabillity with the surrounding landscapes. From frozen tundras to tropical beaches the biome types are very spectacular. To sum it up the graphics are great the music sounds fitting and starships are beautifulily designed.
,Recommended,211820,14873326,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,ArgoJF54,"Amazing. I became spider-man, fought a penguin in a mech, found an insane person under the outpost, went bug-catching, and fought my agaran infested friend. I also became a Doom-Lord, defeated a famous pirate alone easily. The only thing I have to say is that the progression goes too quick, and that all of a sudden my beloved character becomes end-game in only a few weeks and I get bored with him. Otherwise it's a must-have."
76561197970973471,Recommended,211820,14876135,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,NapalmEnema,"Like Terraria.  Only different.  Kinda.  Pretty good, actively developed last time I checked (whereas Terraria is kinda not-so-actively developed)."
76561198044204047,Recommended,211820,14876942,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,J-βeta,"I highly reccomend this game. The ""stable"" build recently got a huge update but the problem to many seems to be that ""stable"" doesn't get enough of those. For those who are looking for the true beta, I would suggest nightly or even unstable, though I'd lean more on nightly as that one gets new updates almost daily and tends to feature the current core game plus all the new stuff they've managed to work in within around 24 hours in most cases. The nightly builds feel a bit more like a beta to me feels like, the whole little bits added in here and there. Just a caution, although nightly has been holding up quite well, with very few crashes, character and universe wipes have been a thing throughout so tread at your own risk!"
76561198049801856,Recommended,211820,14896303,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Toast,"Starbound is a very interesting game, it has creative concepts and a very different feel to it than other survival games. I love all of the races and their different and neat back stories. The monsters are strange and wild and the bosses are hard but not impossible. Over all I think it is an excellent game."
,Recommended,211820,24463617,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,DevastatingWake,Terraria in space. 10/10
76561197991319523,Recommended,211820,24464186,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Kryovulkan,"Thanks Chucklefish for listening and communicating to your fans, keeping your promises and completing this awesome game - Starbound! I recommend everyone to support this company so they can keep doing great things!"
,Recommended,211820,24462763,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,kadclow,I have never regretted the hours I spent on this game.
76561198093322859,Recommended,211820,24463513,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Communist_Putin,"Starbound, a game that reminds me of one of my favorites, Terraria, is well worth the 15.00 USD that I paid for it. Amazing gameplay combined with a beutiful soundtrack make this game a wonderful addition to a steam library.  With that said, when i played the beta I found that once you neared the top tier of equipment, the game lost replayability. Even so, with the upcoming updates I am ready to play starbound and, once again, embark on an epic journey for survival."
76561198099469616,Recommended,211820,24466964,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,An Anime Pillow,"YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO, I stopped playing this game in early alpha and had since not played it. ALTHOUGH, although. This game is the bee's knee's and I would love to see this game flourish. I recall someone saying you can really do anything in this game and they are right! The replay value is awesome! Happy space hunting!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24468595,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Falco,"Yet another living proof that Early Access is worse than brain cancer.After years of ""development"" in EA, Scumfish finally anounced the full release. Only it doesn't work for hundreds of people who are trying every fix possible, downloading extra dll, installing older visual c++ and I'm pretty sure someone suggested reinstalling windows ROFL. That's ok, I have a fully functioning game called Bad Rats 2 to spend my time now."
,Not Recommended,211820,24500029,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Marcus Helius,"This game could have been better than Terraria, but it has terrible controls.The enemies all behave the same, have very little variation and are boring to fight.This pretty much sums up what is wrong with Starbound:https://www.reddit.com/r/starbound/comments/1sdajs/what_starbound_is_doing_wrong/"
,Recommended,211820,24670535,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,The Ambassador,This game is pretty good. wiki needs to be updated tho
76561198086438751,Recommended,211820,24670582,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Praise the Sunny,"Hey, That's pretty good."
,Recommended,211820,7982687,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Eggy Pigeon,Terraria + Space + Awesomeness = Starbound
,Recommended,211820,8036638,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,salami,smelly
,Recommended,211820,7958792,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Uni,"Space Terraria... Dude.. SPACE Terraria. It isn't even complete yet, and it kicks♥♥♥♥♥ It has so much potential."
76561198052684645,Recommended,211820,8571470,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,∫Maajusa,One of the best soundtracks of all time.
,Recommended,211820,8108168,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Squids have curves,"Somehow Terraria bored me quite quickly but Starbound is different, there's so many things to do and so much variety. A must have if you like to explore and build stuff."
76561198047429322,Recommended,211820,9496749,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Decimus,"When i bought this game I was thinking that it'd be something akin to a 2d minecraft, and that I'd play it occasionally when bored, as more of a casual game. I couldn't have been more wrong. While you might think at first the pixel graphics would hold the game back, they're wonderfully done and actually quite endearing. The gameplay is smooth, and while a bit repetitive, still fun. The randomly generated dungeons and worlds hold up to par with any other game of its type, and exploring them never gets old. The amount of time I've ended up logging in this game is shocking, but well worth it. 10/10!"
76561198100473901,Recommended,211820,8872868,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,God,"I spent a couple of weeks playing my first charachter... Once i created Impervium armor (The best armor in the game) things got kind of boring :l, but then came the furious koala patch and all the charachters were wiped. I created a new charachter just to see if I could notice any of the new features, only to be sucked back in, and I found myself addicted again! This is a truly great game with so much potential, and great new features being added quite frequently. I would certainly reccomend this game to anyone who played minecraft or terraria."
,Recommended,211820,10079451,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,ShakeWeight666,.
76561198002504732,Recommended,211820,17019307,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Luigi,"The game has reached a point in development where I can honestly recommend this to anyone. This was a nice change of pace from Terraria, let's face it, they are so much a like and so different at the same time. I do wish the available loot was better, there are so many useless weapons that drop or can be found, it feels like a waste of time to find them / include them in the game. Give this game a shot, if your torn between this and Edge of Space, listen carefully... SKIP EDGE OF SPACE (for now)!"
76561198119447181,Recommended,211820,8917607,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Snoop-y,this game is EPIC!
,Recommended,211820,31303284,Posted: 22 April,all,FloydTheSandwich,I've played a few hours.
,Recommended,211820,24464188,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,monkeyboy311,"While my 'hours played' may seem decisively miniscule (though they were actually just reset) this game has improved so much over the course of its lifetime. It started out as simply a terraria clone where we weren't limited to a single planet, then slowly began to add more and more to its planets and civilizations. Then, during its darkest period, the community and Chucklefish began to become estranged. The game began to drag on, like another one of those Early Access projects that would never be completed. But, as we can see, they are finally past that state. This game is one of the very few games that I believe can make a personal connection with people. If you are at least considering buying Starbound, just buy it."
,Recommended,211820,24464252,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ryizine,"I've had loads of fun with this game over the course of the last few years. It's cool if you get a friend to hop around with you to explore everything with. I definitely recommend it as a game to play with friends, as it just has the feel of a game that should be done socially."
76561198016290420,Recommended,211820,24464348,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Binnes,It's Good.
,Recommended,211820,24463544,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Skyjike,"Take Terraria, Upgrade everything, BOOM you got Starbound."
,Recommended,211820,24535105,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Ham,good game bro
76561198042012277,Recommended,211820,10707921,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Richard2k,"Pretty epic game, but its much like terraria tho. The difference is that in this game you have multiple worlds with different difficulities. Cause of this, it takes much longer to actually play it out."
,Recommended,211820,24511488,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,HomingSnail,"After 1.0 came out I got really excited to start playing this game again. To add some context I've been playing since maybe a month or two after the game came out as a beta. And in this time I've had a love/hate relationship with Starbound. When I first bought the game it had several bugs/glitches which were eventually fixed only to be replaced by more of them. Thats fine. Thats what beta testing is all about. So I would go on streaks of playing with or without friends (its fun either way but having a party is a whole new experience).But really at this point I should be reviewing what I thought of 1.0 which is why i gave it a positive review for the game. There are a lot of bad reviews coming up complaining about how the game used to have so many bugs and such. note ""used to"" in my experience I encountered maybe 2 bugs. The story was well done and of decent length (It took me about 20 hours to complete). It also included several sidequests for the player to participate in if they chose to do so which helps with replayability a lot. There are some very good and enjoyable things that you can experience in this game so I'll put a pro/con list here for anyone still reading.Pros:-Story is a good length-Story is well told-Several races to choose from with their own unique cultures/appearances-Character customization-Outfits-Pets-Near infinite number of planets to explore-Lots of biomes to explore-Boss fights were difficult but not impossible-Lots of replayabilty value from side quests, colonies, upgrading, etc-Nice graphics-GREAT music-Spooky moon ghosts-Seems like there are plans to keep adding new content-Lots of item varietyCons-Balance is off in the early stages of the game (enemies very hard to kill/deal a lot of dmg)-Bug where you can get stuck in a block while building (Easily fixed by breaking it)-Has some FPS issues in certain areas (On a well built PC)-Upgrades are not very well explained-Wiki can be unreliable from all of the previous builds (Not the dev's fault though)-Combat is very boring early on in the game and stays mediocre into the end game-EPP augments dont transfer with upgrades and are destroyed when a new one is appliedI hope this helps people who may be considering buying the game. In my opinion it is very worth your money. If you liked Terraria then you will like this game as well. This game is effectively terraria with a more broad outlook. Upvote this if you like it IDK, it's my first review so that'd be pretty cool"
,Recommended,211820,24512363,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kastle,"bought it, played for 18 hours straight bb, no joke"
76561198115556645,Recommended,211820,24482052,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,beastly boy 52,"i have played this game since the beta was first created. i have had the time of my life playing this game.It is incredible and i am glad the real game is finally out my ONE and only complaint is how controller companion does not work with this game hopefully they will fix that.but the game is fun creative and has an unlimited amount of exploration and amazing levels of creativity. customization of your character,your house,and your ship make every moment fun.and with the additon of increased combat mechanics such as combos with your weapons and continued updates to the games features make this game a must buy. as a youtuber i look for games that can be uses as a good long lets play series and this is definatly one. now if only i could play it with my controller this game would be perfect. Great game and worth getting for sure"
76561198085394667,Recommended,211820,24483593,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,coffeefudge,"This is less than a game, and more of a work of art! This beautiful game tells the tale of a starship traveler whom abandoned his or her tribe to explore the vast open universe. With planets that auto-gen to give you a fresh start when looking through this mighty universe. Though its not only just that simple! During exploration the voyager (the player) has to find resources, whether they are rare or not, to advance through the increasing difficulty of higher threat planets. Threat, a word that entitles many great things it. During your exploration in the game the starship voyager will come across many ancient and new styled types of life, and the way that they live. The voyager will come across dungeons, temples, tombs, and many more. These of which contain new weapons, materials, riches, etc. that will help the voyager carry on through his or her journey through the solar system. Starbound is not only a game, its something that makes you feel for the story, and something that makes you feel for the characters, so vividly put together you almost feel like you are the voyager himself. Starbound is a lovely piece and i recommend it to anyone who is looking for the right amount of adventure, action, sandbox, and story."
76561197971325718,Recommended,211820,24507513,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,SkullPizza💀🍕,This game is amazing.
76561197973068499,Recommended,211820,24476795,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Withering,I played the alpha for 40 hours. A gigantic metric ♥♥♥♥♥on of stuff has been added since then. Can't wait to get a friend group to play this!
,Recommended,211820,24477003,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Lemongrab,"This is possibly the best sandbox space game i have every played, no save file will ever be the same no matter what especially with 1.0 out and the generation system improved"
76561197970780049,Not Recommended,211820,24486858,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,MusclePig,"The game hardly explains anything. I've seen tutorial quests on youtube, but they are nowhere to be found in my game. It's like they expect you to go google for wikis in order to learn how and what to do. The interface is also pretty bad, you need mouseclicks for *everything* it seems."
,Recommended,211820,8764407,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Makaveli,this is an awesome game! you have to buy it!
,Recommended,211820,16460641,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Anaglyphic,"I see a lot (I mean a lot) of negative reviews on this game. To be honest, I enjoyed terraria. It was fun for me up until about last year, when I got bored.I'm into creative games. I dislike the grind, and I generally cheat my way into being able to build in this one. But I love it. The wiring system is great, there's a pretty decent variety of placeable items, there are more interesting biomes than, for instance, terraria pre-hardmore (I do like  the hallowed biome a lot though). There's an actual plot (unlike terraria). More charecter diversity.I do agree, this game needs work. But it's on the right track."
76561198132053868,Recommended,211820,10211947,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Madness,get the game! and sexy graphics
76561198039477055,Recommended,211820,10235127,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Elvishspock,yus
,Recommended,211820,20006143,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Dr.Backspace,10 OTA 10 AMAZING
76561198194835549,Recommended,211820,33017237,Posted: 29 June,all,AquaBlue313,a
,Recommended,211820,24464688,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Gamer And Yeah,"Terraria comparisons are inevitable, so I'm just going ahead to say I like this more than Terraria. It doesn't have as many items, I guess, but that's like complaining that you shouldn't drink from a freshwater lake when the ocean is so much bigger. Starbound is very broad in its appeal; most everyone is going to find an aspect they enjoy, whether it's exploration, crafting, combat, building a cool house, farming, the list goes on. All of these things are encouraged and rewarded in different ways, helping it to feel focused despite how many different ways to play there are. You don't need to worry about ""playing the game wrong"". You might not like every part of the game, but you'd be hard pressed to find someone who doesn't like any of it. Beautiful environments, weather and soundtrack to boot."
,Recommended,211820,9810647,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Scrungus The Pizza Theif,HALLY GAHD DIS IZ FUN!until you beat the first boss
,Recommended,211820,9506236,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Daniel Jackson,"..... Starbound, I had faith in this game, but just like everything it died, In the begining it was fun, exploring space, shoot and stabbing mosters, but it just got old of the same damn thing on every planet, the most hope I have for this game is in the modding community. Unless your ready to do the same thing over and over again, Buy it, its fun, just take brakes to maximize your experiance and you wont ever... EVER!... EVER!!!!! Get bored with mods. LAST IMPORTANT THING!!!!! I dont not recomend it but at this stage, I dont recomend it either"
,Recommended,211820,24327625,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MuseSter,"This game is awesome. Yes, it's got some performance problems but they're still working on it. Install it is you like sandbox and space mixed with some RPG."
,Recommended,211820,8861505,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Apache,"really awesome game it needs work but i see lots of patential,"
76561198272304485,Recommended,211820,28456564,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Newsteevie: A person's tale.,"This game is very similer to Terraria but it's still very different. Be warned, though, this game is hard!"
76561198180387653,Recommended,211820,28456664,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,ningaewan,Starbound is a really good game and very addictive I play it every day now
,Recommended,211820,8710107,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Dclyde,Got shot by a bird and died.
76561198031271957,Recommended,211820,32297849,Posted: 9 June,all,Spooky MILF Hunter Supreme,"I have had a lot of fun with this game, especially the capturemon system. 10/10 would play pokemon again."
76561198367675685,Recommended,211820,32449083,Posted: 15 June,all,Destroyer25k,EPIC!!!! BEST GAME EVER!
,Recommended,211820,28653060,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kemotomek,>there is space>I'm from Poland>I'm in space>POLAND CAN INTO SPACE!!!
76561198118567758,Recommended,211820,8532565,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Necromancer Lich,this is a good game i was suprised how much control i have in game and even more at all the customizable stuff i can do i would say this is a game that can only go up
76561198144866894,Recommended,211820,14305811,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Lemon Boi,how you chang delete planets
,Recommended,211820,14305614,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jerpita,its ok not the best it takes to long but its fun for early access baut way to glitchy
,Recommended,211820,14305682,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,FuzzyCanadian,"The recent update just blew the replayability off the roof, i cant stop playing this game.. its so good, the music quests missions its all to good to be true."
76561198120491058,Recommended,211820,14305227,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,"Oops, I Sharted","This game is pretty sweg in a beg mc sizzlin if I do say so myself, #trashbag, see it rymes"
76561198333353323,Recommended,211820,32147213,Posted: 3 June,all,DolanDrunk,i cant teleport on desert planets for some reason pls help
76561198279284088,Recommended,211820,30800474,Posted: 28 March,all,Squall0028,"Great game, but could use control suport. I recomend it, for player who like terraria and platform."
76561198297570625,Recommended,211820,24806012,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,OsmanCHek,cool
,Recommended,211820,24807943,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,ZESTZEST,"a little hard for newbies & it took me a while to get use to the settings and key.it's extremely fun on multiplayer, you wouldn't get bored on single as well."
,Recommended,211820,13965361,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,armed commie chalazae,hey it's ok now i forgot to edit this
76561198012363814,Recommended,211820,8120363,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Illiaz,Good spiritual successor to Terraria.  Very fun to explore hundreds upon hundreds of diverse planets.  Game is a little alcking in some aprts but it's still early access right now so hope for the future is bright.
,Recommended,211820,8157927,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Be Nice To Me,2D minecraft in space
,Recommended,211820,7996524,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,FISH KILL,"I've played this game for 11-12 hours or so. And in them 11-12 hours I've had a blast. The game is in beta stage 1 so yes characters and saves will be wiped through certain updates, but what do you expect? The gameplay is kinda Terraria like. 2D platformer with mining, crafting, building, and exploring, but this game is different. By the time the full release comes out there will be an actual story line to the game. You get your own ship to go between infinite amounts of planets that all have their unique look and creatures on it. The game has a little bit of a learning curve, but it's tons of fun. There's so much more to go on about with just this first beta stage of Starbound, but I don't have time for a full review. This game is a must buy!9.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,8500802,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MechaDeathWolf,It made by alot of the guys that work on terraria so it is alot like it hell it can be a dlc for it. But it is a fun game It dose have alot of new things in it and as a beta its not done and we can have a say in how the game is made.
,Recommended,211820,10418751,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,hackermanv2,This game is wonderful! There is an infinite number of planets to explore! Diffirent creatures! If you are thinking of buying this game then BUY IT! No gameplay is ever the same.
,Recommended,211820,8602296,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,dadcop,"It's basically space Terraria. Which we all loved Terraria.But this comes with numerous, expansive worlds, enemies, and loot!Amazing, and a must buy."
76561198102931477,Recommended,211820,9293961,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Naos,2D Mass Effect
76561198041058100,Recommended,211820,8862257,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Irish'Ninjah,"For being an EAG, Starbound has gone past most Sandbox games I have played.The Engine and Gameplay have very intersting dynamics. Ones you can get lost in for countless hours.Superior breed of game right Hur."
76561198017260386,Recommended,211820,8318052,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,keylevra,"Minecraft 2D,  slasher, voyages intergalactiques, le tout assaisonné d'un brin de poésie....go.mais alors go."
,Recommended,211820,7932392,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Akratic Method,its ok
,Recommended,211820,24475439,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,🐾 Doggy Sprig [TH] 🐾,Very great game forever. I love this game. I LOVE THIS GAME.
76561198098434690,Recommended,211820,8062700,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Dio Brando,"WOW this game is amazing I cant believe its only 15 bucks! Well, maybe cause its in beta but STILL. Its like terraria in space, but even better! I cant describe this in words. Just go buy it NOW."
,Recommended,211820,27807610,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-=K!NG=-Kerch00,"If you see this game anywhere, GET IT its an amazing experience with epic sound and the atmosphere it makes is incredible.Please get this game"
76561198255238763,Recommended,211820,27813555,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,DeadShot,would mod again 10/10
76561197967668453,Recommended,211820,8024934,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Digitally-Devious,This game is fun as hell!
,Recommended,211820,7923263,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Nine,
,Recommended,211820,7927854,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Hazza G,this is an amasing game very beautifull
76561198080610710,Recommended,211820,7931211,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ಠ_ಠψ,I JUST WANT TO  PLAY THE GAME BUT IT SAYS NOT RESPONDING!!!!!!!!!
76561198000447252,Recommended,211820,7934965,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Dumpster Rat,Anyone who likes terraria should pretty much own this game.
76561198028235158,Recommended,211820,7971813,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Locasco III O Empalador,Perfect game! It's still in beta but it already convinced me that it's going to be one of the best indie games in history.
76561198062690618,Recommended,211820,7977027,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Catdog,absolutely!
76561198049503751,Recommended,211820,7978126,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Furber,hours and hours of fun
,Recommended,211820,7978431,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Thajo,Liked Terraria? You'll LOVE Starbound. 'Nuff said.
,Recommended,211820,7987403,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,TerraGod,Worth the money to buy it. Have had hours of fun already and i'm sure once it's out of Beta it'll be more fun! :)
,Recommended,211820,7989446,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Loofie,PvP noob!
,Recommended,211820,7991080,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Carren Delevingne,Best game Ever. Totally REcommend this game to those who love Minecraft and Indie
,Recommended,211820,7994546,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Grublo,Get this Game. I enjoy it.
,Recommended,211820,8000513,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Merick,"This game is great, nuff said pick up the copy and indulge in a grand adventure!shout my way if you wanna coop!"
,Recommended,211820,8003640,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,no more free items stop adding,"This game is actually quite awesome, didnt expect that, lol."
,Recommended,211820,8005250,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Tuffax,This game is amazing it's a brilliant mixture of FTL and terraria 11 out of 10
76561198066475298,Recommended,211820,8009220,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Ricardo,"One of the best games i've ever played,It has fantastic multiplayer and it is really easy to make a server even though the game isn't fully developed yet. The game has a vast amount of creatures and items, it even has npcs that can talk and the creatures can be hostile or neutral (although usually hostile). If you like Terraria you will without a doubt enjoy the Starbound beta, it is a very enjoyable game. The creatures and materials even change depending on where you are.In Starbound there are whole galaxies to explore and they all have different planets and each planet has a biome such as desert, moon, snow or forest. You may also incounter other civilized life, (be careful when you put a distress signal down because alien penguins with machine guns and UFO's may destroy you and your base), although there is no penalty for dying... yet.Some people even say that this game is outdoing Terraria and I am included in that group. It's only in Beta vFrustrated Koala so expect even more great things from this amazing 2D adventure game!Completely recommend for anybody :D"
,Recommended,211820,8010833,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,nlxy,"Awesome, and still in beta."
76561198114569268,Recommended,211820,8012193,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,BEST WHORE,fun.
,Recommended,211820,8027091,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Thor,"SICK game.really fun, really good to play with friend's an must buy for any one that likes minecraft/Terraria"
,Recommended,211820,8030381,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Kurros,Simply amazing.
,Not Recommended,211820,14762655,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,still doesnt work
,Recommended,211820,14290391,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Noxa,"(Upbeat Giraffe)It's good I've spent over 20 hours on two different accounts there is a hell ton of exploring to do alot of fun things and all that but if you want it in pro/con...Pros:-Alot of blocks,monsters,npcs,weapons,ores,etc-A ton of upgrades to do!-New monsters every planet-Good community-Alot of fighting and strategy-Dungeons under ground and on the surface-The multiplayer isn't complicated to set up (thank god)Cons:-You have to follow the outpost or the game is♥♥♥♥♥♥-The sail doesn't teach you crap and just throws you out there-It's preset and the game is in order not freedom involved-To Travel about 10-20 stars apart it takes 1000 fuel (that is the max..)-The Guns you can find in caves are usually♥♥♥♥♥♥-The tech is with the preset part which means you HAVE to do what it tells you or you can't advance-You have to spend hours to find the right to advance IT CAN GO OVERBOARD TO 10 HOURS-If you try to use cords (to goto a friends planet to live w/) it takes over 10 min to process it all outOverall this game is awesome but stuff can take you a while by a while I mean hours in caves and dungeons but the main problem is that with friends it goes faster but they can go faster and you can slow down while in the armor area.."
,Recommended,211820,8566785,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Norex,"Good game, but it hasn't been updated in a year or so..."
,Recommended,211820,8514271,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,sdir01,Мое мнение.Эта игра очень хороша и ее стоит развивать дальше!Цена у игры очень скромная и 300 руб потратить на такое великолепие не жалко.Есть некоторые пожелания:1. Ввести ачивки.2. Сделать улучшенный лаунчер3. Русифицировать игру(MultiLaungrade Game)4. Сделать систему карточек для этой игры.My opinion.This game is very good and it is worth developing further!Price for the game is very modest and 300 rubles to spend on such magnificence is not sorry.There are some suggestions:1. Enter achivki.2. Make an improved launcher3. Russifyi game (MultiLaungrade Game)4. Make a card system for this game.
,Recommended,211820,30484621,Posted: 12 March,all,Hobwhal,Well made
,Recommended,211820,8670556,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Stickay,It's terraria crossed with FTL. Nuff said.
76561198059454872,Recommended,211820,7935513,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Shlumpus,"Best game on the market. Brings a whole new level of adventure to sandbox games. With thousands of worlds to discover and an amazing community backing the game it will surely keep you playing for years. Terraria is a good game, but comparing Terraria to Starbound would be way off."
76561198250868822,Recommended,211820,19422879,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Turtwig2002,This is an amazing game with space travel. Who would want more. a little laggy at times but i have an old computer.Very fun and still in development. Emagine how great it could be when it's finished!
76561198042022665,Not Recommended,211820,19590023,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,MealsOnWheels,Is this game seriously still early access?
,Recommended,211820,19668741,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Koala maN,"If you play this game, or aren't right now. You should because you have to, everyone else is STAR-BOUND (LELELELEL) so you have to be too. I you know Terraria then this may look like it to your, but it has alot of differences. Like Starbound is more focused on space travel, Terraria is more of adventure! :3"
,Not Recommended,211820,19662895,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,EmersonS,"you must be a hacker to play this game, not friendly towards gamers who aren't in Anonymous"
,Recommended,211820,17923194,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Slug,Awesome Game. It's basically a pixelated adventure through space and if you have friends it's basically going to last a very long time before it gets boring.
76561198071033208,Recommended,211820,14718989,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Deerlobe,Starbound is a creative and relaxing sci-fi adventure game.There are so many items to create customize and build withThe combat is snappy and funThe worlds are uniqueNever really fun out of stuff to doLike it more than Terraria
,Recommended,211820,17349422,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,- Rissa,"-EDIT-After the latest update to the game, sooo much has been added! The quests are a little confusing at first. I couldn't find my objective's requirements while trying to fix my ship in the beginning, so I jsut dug out the first planet until I found a bunch of random crap. Ended up working.I haven't made it off the first planet after the update, but I could already tell that that game has improved since the last time I played it!So many new things underground to discover.. it's horrible for a packrat like me in games. I just want to take everything with me. D:- - - - - - - -Sure, it's still in early access, and not much has changed in FOREVER.But it's cute, and I like leveling monsters as if they were Pokemon, and collecting a buttload of items to decorate my own village of cloned aliens. Collecting clothing items is also enjoyable. <3"
,Recommended,211820,17362951,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,bones,I LOVE the soundtrack in this game! Really adds to the mood and makes the game just that more beautiful.
76561198064146365,Recommended,211820,17366720,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,AloneStatistic,"Well at first it was like terraria but with a nice ability to move across a galaxy, it seems like a great idea and the game really works out well, but after a certain point i just lost interest. Can definitately say it was due to repetative nature of the game and that the planets are all cookie cut rather than having unique planets with interesting aspects, the loot system also felt unrewarding, there was no feeling of a need to build a base, can just live in my spaceship which kinda sucks.I give it a 3/10 base on my experience but think that a younger gamer might enjoy it"
76561198064561112,Recommended,211820,17371237,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,SPOOKY.ANIME CONNOISEWER,i like it
,Recommended,211820,17374163,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Nope Doc,I strongly suggest this to anyone that likes Terraria or games that are simaler but remeber a few things when your playing First its beta if somthing suck in the game and you want to fix it then go to there forums and tell them they can try this or thatSecondly you can get mods into the game unlike your Terraria modders can make mods then get you to play them and if its famous to the community the devs might add it to the base game so modders can get ther mods fetured in the gameAnd finaly have fun the game is massive un like Terraria you can explore and build on all the planets and the adventure is endless with so many planets and lore scatered across each one you can find a new home planet and build your way to victory and i have to give this game a 9/10 it will be 10/10 when the expand the npcs a bit more like followers or somthing like that
76561198203579343,Recommended,211820,17401578,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Megaman.EXE,The mudic in the game is amazing.
,Recommended,211820,17503311,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,yippaaaaa!?,Yeeeehaaaaaaaa boi!!!
,Recommended,211820,17535725,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Will,"A very well polished and thought out game!Score: 8/10At first I didn't really know what to expect from Starbound, but as I played on I felt the experience became more and more interesting, vibrant, and fun. The gameplay is great, characters controll very well, the frame rate is super smooth, and there's tons of content, what more could you ask for? Up until now I've been playing this game quite a lot, and will continue to, and so I can say from first hand experience that this game is definetely worth your time and money, save for the odd bug here and there. Overall Chucklefish have done a fantastic job on everything I can think of, and I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who likes being creative, or likes exploring! :3PS: The music in this game is absolutely beautiful!"
76561198145958854,Recommended,211820,17556635,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,kballvb98,"Starbound needs work. Its a great game and has a total ♥♥♥♥♥on of potential. The problem with it is that it needs more. More loot, more quests, more progression, way more bosses, and i think a more in depth storyline would be nice ( I know they are adding a storyline) Overall its worth the money but i think the game needs some updating before its gonna be worth anything more."
76561198110583339,Recommended,211820,17813239,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,SANTA,to make this game better your should make multiplayer easyier to use you should make multiplayer threw steam that you can just inv your friends
76561198038991425,Recommended,211820,17818236,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Guineapig,As far as now its a great game especially if you enjoy exploring. I would really like it if there were dedicated servers so that my friends and i could play together easier but its still a great game.
76561198079905726,Recommended,211820,17828924,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,wolf_whisper,"It took me awhile to take the risk in buying this game because of the reviews I was reading. But after the last colony update and it being on sale I decided to risk it. AND BOY AM I GLAD I DID!!!It is (in my opinion better then terraria). Tho terraria is a good game, Starbound has alot more to do. They have missions space ships, different races to choose to be your avatar, and much more.The controls was different and it took me a few to get use to but the core game is GREAT. The updates may take some time to be released but it is worth it. The last patch brought in ALOT of new stuff.I am really glad I spent the money for this game. I even got my girlfriend to play it and now we fight over it : )AWSOME GAME!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,17832839,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Sam_Body,"Awesome.First i watched video and it's not impress me. I've added game in to my wish list and forgot about this game.At about half month ago i've bought the game and it's the best game i've ever seen at this year.You do start on broken tiny spaceship. First you do need to get core ore. My first camp is very poor, but my second is on frozen planet under thousands meters of water. It's fully automated with boolean logic components. I do have deffence turrets at this base. Water/poison/lava are realy liquid. Some types of dirt are loose.It was very dangerous at first, but even new quest i complete, even new difficult planet i discover, i've make my character stronger. I can go much deeper. I can see planets with magma oceans. I can grow every plant i've see (saplings or seeds). I can find military base/sience lab/portal to challenge/temple with angry aliens and more that i've not seen by now.I do recomend this game"
76561198137861827,Recommended,211820,17840005,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,houckd6,"Very inspireing and fun. i love how many places and colonys you can explore. i also like the ship upgrades, which helps you orginize things alot better. also the invintoy update is so great. it sorts things auto! this game is great and very fun to play. BUY IT NOW!!"
,Recommended,211820,17516951,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Haleat,"Well, Terraria in space... so gud tho"
,Recommended,211820,17527325,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,kitten fiasco,I have had a lot of fun with this game.
,Recommended,211820,17366814,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Brotendo,"An absolute masterpiece, I find myself playing Starbound until the wee hours of the morning too busy to notice the time. Like any sandbox but so much more vast and overflowing with the adventurous spirit."
,Recommended,211820,17371977,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,UsagiSensei,just look at my time played. still going up.
,Recommended,211820,17382541,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Serial,Very enjoyable and durable.The idea that other planets can be visited is pretty exciting.SC-FI fans will enjoy.
,Recommended,211820,17403156,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,SputnickHD,"As if terraria wasn't enough, this is a more immersive version of terraria, more detailed characters, gameplay, and exploration! Endless worlds to explore... Fantastic!"
,Recommended,211820,9870427,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,El Rey,its like terraria but better and with space
76561197995769558,Recommended,211820,9559969,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,TimeMuffinPhD,"Starbound is an indie game developed by Chucklefish Games. The game is set in space, and the environment is randomly generated featuring: creatures, dungeons, items, and planets. It's massive, and that is a huge understatement. There are moons, which orbit thousands of planets, which are located within hundreds of galaxies, which are situated within dozens of universes. I'm sure you get the idea. The game has only recently entered beta-testing, which has allowed hungry fans to be sated. Starbound was extremely hyped, and the figures definitely show it. Chucklefish decided to launch the game via the kickstarter program, and with it, easily reached all of it's stretch goals; also gaining over $1,000,000. Anyway, I've given you enough of a history lesson, let's begin.Starbound almost looks like a clone of Re-Logic's Terraria, however, I believe there is a huge divide between the potential enjoyment in these titles. When I first glimpsed Starbound on the Steam marketplace, it looked very appealing, and at this point I had already purchased a copy of Terraria - convinced by my friends to do so, and by the cheapness of the game. Terraria was not a game I enjoyed actually, even though it's of a similar sub-genre. I felt Terraria's graphics were bland and the gameplay was overall unsatisfying. This almost swayed me away from purchasing such a great title, but I took a chance and gave it another shot. Starbound impressed me in every way that Terraria didn't manage too; it was captivating and exciting. Starbound's graphics have a stylistic edge to it; possessing a retro feel, but still managing to stand out. The gameplay structure will now capture a wider audience, and is also more profound in general - it focuses more on exploration and experiencing various parts of the game; rather than laborious mining and gathering, prominent in Terraria. Both these factors have fulfilled the most important point: making the game fun. Let's look a bit more about what the game provides, rather than comparing it endlessly with it's counter-part Terraria.Starbound's character creation system is somewhat limited, but compared to a lot of other games, there's no complaining. You can choose from multiple races embedded within it's sci-fi universe and customize your character minimally. The races are a cool concept, it allows you to imagine the character yourself, even with limited customization options; as the creators have developed back-story/history for each individual race. Take this example of the Apex:""Apex are ape-like creatures with naturally humanoid features. Due to a process that Apex researchers discovered, they are able to upgrade their intellectual state while degrading their physical state. There is much dissent among them, as individuals chosen for researching a better process never return.""As you can see it's reasonably brief, but they've actually given the player a bit of breathing room; like I said before, it allows you to imagine the character yourself and create your story. It's an open-world game, and it's massive. You have the choice to do whatever you want, whenever you want, and however you like.After you design your character, you arrive on your ship; soon after deducing that you should use the portal on your ship, which beams you down to your starting planet - one of many.  The game starts of quite slow, since mining minerals and gathering resources will be slower before you can craft half decent items; however, once you do get past that starting point, the game becomes a blast. It's an exciting single-player experience, there's a fantastic atmosphere; the sound and visuals can really evoke the essence of the game at moments. The multi-player mode entirely augments this experience, everything that you thought was boring before is now exhilarating.When playing multi-player, you can do everything you can do in single-player, but with your friends - as expected, but that's the beauty of it. Playing single-player can make the game feel extremely lonely, which is it's own experience, but will become stale after awhile, and you will find yourself playing the game only in short bursts. An important feature of multi-player is visiting your friends planet. You are able to beam to your space ship at will (as long as you aren't underground) and do several things whilst in it. In multi-player you can beam to your friends ship and explore his planet from there. Exploring the vast universe with a gang of friends must sound like a captivating adventure, even at first glance.Starbound has colossal amounts of potential thanks to it's understanding developers and dedicated fan-base. It has a great base model as it is and can only improve. I hope you will purchase Starbound and have a fascinating time playing - watching it grow, plus getting involved with it's great community. Have a tremendous time exploring space.For the full article, go here:http://frasercunningham.blogspot.co.uk/2013/12/my-first-impressions-with-starbound_27.html"
,Recommended,211820,9149604,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Jon,A futuristic first person shooter with a compelling storyline that will leave you on the edge of your seat. 2/10
,Recommended,211820,24889527,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,TerraGamer22,WHy do i have 1gb of mods.
,Recommended,211820,24920550,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Schlangus,"I deleted my file because I couldn't complete that one The Erchius Mining Facility quest and ragequit.**EDIT** Okay it should've been pretty clear this review was a joke, and no, I didn't really do this."
,Recommended,211820,17472520,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Kappaccino,Gud vidya
76561197994799772,Recommended,211820,24194742,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Crimson King,Please describe what you liked or disliked about this game and whether you recommend it to others.Please remember to be polite and follow the Rules and Guidelines.
,Recommended,211820,24982461,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Talentless Joe,"Terraria + weed = Starbound. It is a moody Terraria in space. I love this game, and I can't wait to get more content from the devs."
76561198017283967,Recommended,211820,8646491,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,8Bit_Rambo,great game... thats all i can say
,Recommended,211820,25659174,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Chαsε,"Got an assingment due in 3 days what do you do?a) Work on assingment.b)Play Starbound.Got D, ♥♥♥♥ my life10/10 Would never leave a lush planet."
,Recommended,211820,9328613,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Adventurous Mustache,This games okay but once you put the beacon down it is very difficult ! Recommended Recommended Recommended
,Recommended,211820,8724610,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Phomps,On a scale from one to space terraria its 10/10 go buy now
,Recommended,211820,22437498,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Thrsti,My friend always sings this  when I sayStarboundStarboundYou jump aroundStarbourdYou shoot peopleAnyway Buy this game!
,Recommended,211820,22441687,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Darocin,Addicting
,Recommended,211820,23734633,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,cargo,"Like Terraria but with SPACE(Awesome game, really.)"
,Recommended,211820,8330222,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Dalton,"""KILL IT.... WUAHAHAHAHAHA""10/10"
76561198071262068,Recommended,211820,17336050,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Spicy Boi,its a super fun game. one thing is that it isnt optimized for windows 10.
,Not Recommended,211820,14358529,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Aparkhurst,A lengthy questing tutorial now gates off the sandbox portion of this game.
76561198044415293,Recommended,211820,17524710,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ericpolley1,rely asowme game
,Recommended,211820,8157326,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,PhantomPhase,Totally worth it with more updates coming out
76561198100716796,Recommended,211820,10406485,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Internet Person,"Very, very fun game. I really didnt expect that much awesomness from it :3"
,Recommended,211820,8681825,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,FAKE XARSELL,very good
76561198085560494,Recommended,211820,30363410,Posted: 6 March,all,Jose the space crab,"What can I say that hasn't been said... well, Starbound. This game features unique and diverse characters from the primal Florans to the Wild West Novakids, each having specific issues in their own lives making each race unique. The story is concrete and set but you aren't forced to go and do the things they want you to do, this is an amazing game, I've played it since Dreadwing was the first boss in the game you fight and you needed a distress beacon. 11/10"
76561198203079981,Recommended,211820,25181707,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,lvl100Torchic,awesome game a bit too short but totaly worth the money
76561198151901281,Recommended,211820,29150023,Posted: 9 January,all,Mazda666,Ce jeu est vraiment superbe on a beaucoup de choses a faire dans ce jeu
76561198046713594,Recommended,211820,21911547,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Ruby,absolutely love this game it is a space based Terraria and as everyone might guess im a huge Terraria fan
76561198109042096,Recommended,211820,21919850,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Dom☕,this is fun  buy it!
76561198116544386,Recommended,211820,9462241,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Brother Ryan,?
,Recommended,211820,10154517,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Narwhalcat,Really fun.  Players of Terraria will find it more challenging but still familiar.  Fun to capture monsters and create a monster army of minions.  Recommended server: StarOwls
,Recommended,211820,9132524,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Metapod,"This agme is fun and adicting, but gets boring when you do the same thing over and over again.Which rarley ever happens in this game because its so fun!"
,Recommended,211820,21848228,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Cloud99,Hi there
76561198239522840,Recommended,211820,17490659,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Assassin in Burgundy,This is a great game. Very creative. Just make sure you don't give up on the first boss and you'll like it.
,Recommended,211820,17410098,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,j.,It's a'ight
,Recommended,211820,17526036,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Brandon Treagus,i would strongly recommend this game to anyone whos ever played terraria as its very much alike in the style of which it is made it is an awesome 2d game that has been updated very well since the early stages of development and when it was first put out to the public . my favourite part about this game is that you can endlessly explore the universe not needing to settle down and not having to do random♥♥♥♥♥♥ the concept of this game is brilliant 10/10 would starbound again
,Recommended,211820,9726603,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,saurus,Yes. Just yes.
,Recommended,211820,27991903,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,THICC_BOI,Overall fun game it just has a very annyoing unskipable campaign other than that the game is very enjoyable to play with friends or by yourself it has a wide variety of cool species to play as and creatures to fight.
,Recommended,211820,8215816,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,AppleJacksRGood,"This game is now one of my favorites. It's a fun game to play. Also for it only being in beta?! Like wow. I'd would recommend this game to people that have $15 lying around, because it's just.. AWESOME!"
76561198196494343,Recommended,211820,23109200,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Magic_taco,"Starbound isan amazing space exeploration game travel from planet to planet explore, fight, discover and take on missions like fighting a penguin!"
,Recommended,211820,23109428,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MarleVVLL,Great and unique. I'm looking forward to launch.
76561198119211137,Recommended,211820,23109582,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,M2E,Ive had this game for a week and ive clocked 22 hours of play time already.
,Recommended,211820,8006412,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Disappointed Salad,det er et rikti god spil :)
,Recommended,211820,24611205,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Blairnaga,"Waited for the game to release before trying again since they liked to randomely wipe everything. Come back after release, start going along with the story and today my save just got wiped (7/30/2016).  I love the game, sucks i have to disable updates to enjoy it tho"
76561198127069024,Recommended,211820,24612749,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Cap.Eierhose,Its a wonderfull game but a Godmode/ Sandbox mode is not a bad idea
,Recommended,211820,8562636,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Jagwa the Guy,Paying to be a beta tester...yaaaaaaay.
,Recommended,211820,9710622,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Zipp,"At first glance Starbound may look like a blatant copy of terraria. And, well it is. But it isn't it's very hard to explain. But i will put it the best i can. Ok, Starbound does not have magic like terraria but it has space, future technolegy and some lore that isn't too bad. Starbound also is true open world and has over four quadrillion planets all with different biomes and randomly generated Weapons, Loot and enemies and all this and it's still in early-beta. I highly suggest this game it's has hours of fun and the price will most likely go up once released so i think it's a good idea to buy now"
76561198113972801,Recommended,211820,24585441,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Tom,"I have played this game for hours on end, single player, multiplayer, the mods, all of it, it is a wonderful, fantastic game, I'd recomend it to anyone who loves exploration games, crafting and survival, this truly is worth a look at if you like those genres of games"
,Recommended,211820,24585533,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Caleb,i love this game
,Recommended,211820,24600786,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,pro genji,Fantastic.
,Recommended,211820,24464739,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Delf Farmskins.com,Great game
,Recommended,211820,24472593,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,«Cyclone,"This is one of the best indie games i've ever player , i surely recommend this . Masterpiece 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,24473569,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ComradeDragon,"Probably one of my favorite games. It's like Terraria + FTL + An amazing Story. It's definetly a must have if you're into SandBox games, Adventure, and of course Sy-Fi."
76561197975468033,Recommended,211820,19812921,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,BON,Better than Terraria IN EVERY WAY
,Recommended,211820,19818599,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Nmeyth,a
76561198138599405,Recommended,211820,15224960,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,darthstriker2,great game
76561198220826592,Recommended,211820,15227564,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,fronnoc,"Starbound is a 2D platformer with many things possible. Right now, because of the fact that its early acess, like most early beta games, it is prone to bugs and crashes; or so they say. In the unstable version and nightly, which are updated without testing more often that the actual public release of the game, there are frame drops, glitches, crashes and things often, but in the normal release, the 12 hours I have played of the game, I have only experienced one crash, and no bugs. Some animations aren't super smooth yet, but that can be easily fixed in the coming updates. The server capability for non-nightly gameplay is either not very good, or not possible yet. I can't tell, but when I tried to connect with one of my friends, the server capability was not very good. If you are looking for multiplayer only gameplay, in it's current form, it would not be recommended by me. You would have to use the very unstable nightly builds version, and even then, it's hard to get on a server in my experience. But let's stop talking about the bad; this game, although not in an optimal state right now, has a very expansive side to it. For one, there is a TON of different items obtainable. There are many dishes to craft, many blocks to build with, many ores and materials to craft with, and many crafting stations to use. The species's and their corresponding ships are pretty awesome, and the possibilities when creating a character are many. The armor, tech and weapons systems are really cool. The three armor slots are able to hold some quite interesting armors; they look cool, and they provide extra energy(self charging energy is used instead of ammo), and lots of defense depending on the tier. Tech that is unlocked, then collected using blank tech cards, helps you with out with giving you different abilities. The weapons and tools can be crafted or found in chests, and there are many of them. Tons of classes, debufs they can inflict, and much more. The main hub is where you can collect missions, and buy things using pixels(currency), and is potentially how you progress through the game the fastest by unlocking certain things. One of my favorie features is the navigation. Your ship runs on fuel that is only used if going to other systems, and is bought(expensively) in the hub, of found(in large abundance) on moons. There are so many thousands of unique star systems, each with planets that have enemies that are different from all others. In conclusion, this, for an early beta game, is extraordinary. It is quite a big game, and unless you want to play solely for the multiplayer aspect, I totally recomend it. And as they continue to update and fix the game, it will continue to get better."
76561198179642579,Recommended,211820,15228209,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,The_Outlander,Starbound is probably the best game I've ever played. But it does have it's gliching moments but the Starbound team will probably fix them. (Just for the Starbound team the glich is the picture of the planet shows up sometimes while i'm on the planet).
76561197966595583,Recommended,211820,15236210,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,∞ GStoyk ∞ ®,"Running in 64bit right now, looks very clean!Might be playing the game just for the music...Simply Stunning Sountrack."
,Recommended,211820,8581754,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Master,It is a really good game and i like it alot really addicting! XD FuN
,Recommended,211820,14399779,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Direwood ﺧ益ﺨ,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TRO-SUeU80c
76561197985155592,Recommended,211820,10167638,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Exile HT,"i was one of the bird people and happened across a floating ship manned by my fellow bird people, i killed them all took their♥♥♥♥♥♥and now its my home. 11/10 would genocide again"
76561198072725565,Recommended,211820,17007283,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,The entire population of Spain,"Amazing.To massive regular updates, to an active modding community, this game pretty much has a lot going for it.With Steams new refund option, why not buy it to try it out, and if you don't like it, just refund it.This game is defenetely with the chance. Imagine Terraria, with teleporters, lasers, and a ship with an infinite amount of worlds. Also theirs quests, a better combat system, and things called 'Techs' which can range from the ability to teleport, to rocket boots."
,Recommended,211820,17022995,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Samtastical,I like this game.
76561198114421049,Recommended,211820,17023841,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,☢Osiera☢,im addicted to this game dats all
76561198167847213,Recommended,211820,17121083,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Conex46,"great game especally it is early acsess.also really like the lighting in the flashlight and sky.the games wiki is also great for it is realy easy to get around to the info you want.thanks,Conex46"
76561198174391738,Recommended,211820,17007141,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Yrimir Benson,"robot wizards...that is all,10/10 IGN would buy again!"
76561198088789859,Recommended,211820,17020764,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Night4Now,"i lvoe this game. i love everything. when the update came and changed the whole make of the game. i was amazed. i was left in aww of all the new things to look at and understand. the npcs. the vilages. the gates. and the worlds. everything, its beautiful i cant wait to see the next update for this game!"
,Recommended,211820,16907550,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Captain Neckbeard,"I love starbound HOWEVER it seems that the devs arent giving any new updates, there are no public servers and not much to do, with terraria having a new update it seems the starbound may not survive the next few months without new content. fortunatley there are mods but you have to sign of to the chucklefish forums and download externaly, workshop support would be better for a game like this. unfortunatley i just cant recommend this game to anyone just yet 6/10"
,Recommended,211820,24874465,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,OLWIKishere,Must... Stop... Playing...Somebody help me
,Recommended,211820,30893763,Posted: 1 April,all,Nope,Thai language*ความคิดเห็นส่วนตัวเป็นเกมที่มีเรื่องราวที่มีที่มา แต่ไม่ค่อยมีการหักมุม แต่สิ่งที่เป็นจุดเด่นก็คือ การที่โลกที่ร้อนมากๆ แต่มีหิมะ งงมากข้อเสีย-เกมไม่ควรกินสเป็คมาก-เท่าที่ดูมาควรปรับให้การโหลดเร็วขึ้น-บางเควสควรมีเนื่อเรื่องบ้าง-ควรเพิ่มเควสให้เยอะขึ้น-เท่าที่ดูมาเหมือนมีอาวุธไม่มาก*เห็นข้อเสียมี 5 ข้อ แต่ไม่ส่งผลอะไรมากข้อดี-มีระบบสุริยะที่ไม่จำกัดและแตกต่างกันออกไป-บางโลกจะมี warp ไป training ถ้าผ่านก็จะได้ item เพิ่ม
76561198320341882,Recommended,211820,25153271,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,butpoopman,the game is fun and challengein it has a story and space!!! and cool spaceships!
,Recommended,211820,30910404,Posted: 2 April,all,MaxMaster084,i really think this game is amazing i have played it for a while and its amazing. i came to this game after i defeated the moonlord in xbox 360 terraria. tis really amazing
76561198060838907,Recommended,211820,27364522,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bird-monaut,I like it
,Recommended,211820,30989087,Posted: 6 April,all,RimshotMcGee,"This amazing game creates a mix of Terraria, and (the dreaded) No Man's Sky . One of these titles may have died over the years, and the other, never really turned out to be all that great, but Starbound... another story altogether. It takes the 2-D survival based theme of Terraria, and mixes it with the exploration of (almost) infinite worlds, solar systems, and constellations. This game may prove hard to new players, and that is normal. This game is HARD, FUN and CHALLENGING. This is truly one of the best games I have every played.Meet you in the Cosmos!"
,Recommended,211820,8003962,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Jedeko,Its the new generation of terraria !
,Recommended,211820,30508109,Posted: 14 March,all,Plati,"I'm only a beginner, (and may stay that way) in Starbound, but I can assure you: This game is GREAT!Aside from a few bugs and glitches that may occur, especially if you're someone who downloads a lot of mods and nobody else has them, and you crash their game, the game is fine otherwise. Personally, I usually just mess around with instruments other than progress the story, because none of my friends, besides one actually has the time to play with me. Then again, the spriting in this game is way too good to be true. If you like survival based games, this is a great game to start as well! It teaches the player to manage their portions wisely by growing crops, cooking, beating up enemies, going on quests, and much more, even for a sci-fi based ship setting you start off with.Don't you think that one planet looks too much like Earth? What a coincidence, I'm sure it's the twin planet."
76561198216306159,Recommended,211820,30984806,Posted: 6 April,all,manwich,"150+ hours of playtime under my belt, I think it's safe to say that the game is fun. Better experienced with friends, it's a fun journey with a cast of charming characters and a great soundtrack. I would highly recommend this if you're a fan of the space exploration genre. Fun game overall, and mods can make the endless possibilities even more endless.sorry about this craphole of a review"
76561198119680073,Recommended,211820,30536008,Posted: 15 March,all,gokumini,"I liked this before, and its better now. the boss is kinda hard, and then it was about the same after the boss. it is worth $15 dollar's."
,Recommended,211820,10230165,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,roynos,There are alot of things to do in this game so its a pretty good way to spend hours on end playing
,Recommended,211820,10233414,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,kilroy500,"One of my best, a great sandbox game, things like exploring and battle or just surviving are very good devoloped. And like extras the music is one of the best I have heard in a game.Just in a few words, all the money I pay, I pay it with satisfaction."
76561198118823543,Recommended,211820,10220888,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,EpicEevee333,this game is very good.11 out of 10
76561197981220155,Recommended,211820,10222472,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Tracer T,"terraria sprinkled with crack, must play"
76561198090074243,Recommended,211820,10225796,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Violent Vixen,"This game is pretty amazing, definitely recommend it to everyone."
76561197972439221,Not Recommended,211820,8585534,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,]v[ae|stro]v[,"Addictive fun game! Don't let the graphics fool you, it's very well done! :)"
,Recommended,211820,10234498,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Rush68,Good game
,Recommended,211820,19983995,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,D. Silverstone,Look at the first video that shows up when you go to the store page...All I have to say.10/10.GOTY FTW
,Recommended,211820,20004587,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,w -.-. t,Teleports and interstellar travel - Instantly fun for me
,Recommended,211820,8548263,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Arrogant Madman,"While its still in beta, this game definetly is worth the money."
76561198091564947,Recommended,211820,10203026,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Drag0n1,It's fun.
,Recommended,211820,10223601,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Philslaya 💔,really fun game still in beta and still a must  play cant wait to see what the futher holds for this title
,Recommended,211820,10233595,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,TheeTimatahee,"I HIGHLY recommend this game to anyone that likes sandbox/survival games (Minecraft, Terraria, etc.). The game doesn't really pick up until you start traveling to other planets, but it's an amazing game nonetheless. This game has a lot of potential, so they will probably make changes to things that are bad."
,Recommended,211820,10233616,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,ArgonautRam,"I was a little skeptical at first because I had already played terraria and I realized that this looked very similar. However, after playing for hours at a time, I must say this game is pretty awesome!"
,Recommended,211820,10234222,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,StrykerTorstein,Definetly an awesome game! Worth playing for people who have alot of imagination to tear off into buildings and adventure! :)Worth every penny!
76561198207438216,Recommended,211820,33064328,Posted: 30 June,all,bed10001,vary good game if you want a 20 to 30 hour campain my only problem is lag
76561198048417808,Recommended,211820,33060651,Posted: 30 June,all,ROFLwut?,FML! This game is crack! Stay away!
,Recommended,211820,31926039,Posted: 23 May,all,Poob,pretty gud
,Recommended,211820,17516358,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Wiltim (G.E.W.P),10/10 I was a fish and could breath on land
,Recommended,211820,17540336,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,LucidBounder,"Incredible feeling of the vastness of space exploration. Still so much that can/hopefully will be added on to in the current stages, but I truly have come to love this game myself. Not to mention the beautiful and peaceful soundtrack.If you're a sandbox, adventure, construction, action, platformer, roleplaying gamer, I believe you will adore this game! 9/10 from me this Dingus! (And that's just the beta's review!)"
,Recommended,211820,17819309,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,owntheweb,"This game is fun. Buy it.Starbound is full of excitement at every turn. I LOVE all the cool stuff to be found while digging around. Quests are cool and sometimes HARD (which helps make a good game in my opinion). The music is excellent. Lots of great humor is to be found everywhere. Right now I'm having fun attempting to build my galactic home rental empire, also requiring fun adventures, finding items to place in homes with items that attract great tenants (one of the many side-activities).Don't be intimidated by the nay sayers. I'm not having the dull experience of ""grinding"" through drudgery.Starbound is adventure, strategy, creative goodness and a little bit of cussing (happens when monsters jump at me)."
,Recommended,211820,16358594,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Swiggity Swooty McFruity Tooty,Good game for people who have a lot of time on their hands.
76561198048418963,Recommended,211820,16374552,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Nigby,"Starbound, for a still-in-progress game, it's pretty good. I'd reccomend this to anyone who liked terraria and futuristic-games. This game is alot different from terraria, having quests and whatnot, but also has that terraria feel. The building is different bu similar non the less. I feel this game could still use some improvement (such as a planet with a wall-mart built on it) which could make the game more creative. overall, i thinks this is a great game and would highly reccomend to those who are looking for a fun time with a fun game. I'd rate this 8/10 for it's stunning looks and smooth running gameplay."
76561198118696763,Recommended,211820,16458284,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,💤Cap'n Big Butt💤,"Basically this game is terarria on drugs. You explore worlds, no galaxys, wait no universes.There are 2x, if no 3x the amount of items compared to terarria!"
,Recommended,211820,16460164,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,GarlicButterBagelBaby,Starbound is an amazing 2-D game that offers a lot in terms of adventure and mystery. There are hundreds if not thousands of worlds to explore. This game is highly addictive and a new fix for pc-gamers who love Terraria who want a little science fiction on their plate.
,Recommended,211820,31714961,Posted: 12 May,all,fishtoastscience,this game is like no mans sky except it isn't♥♥♥♥♥♥there is modsmod are eaasy to makejust buy the thing already
76561198044342551,Recommended,211820,8019694,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,coopdan2515,great game very similar to terraria in a good way. can be pretty difficult starting out but it gets better. only probem is my character got wiped after playing for several hours but it is in beta so i understand
,Recommended,211820,8019094,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Andrew Hammerr,It is the perfect mix of Rpg and sandbox gameplay. Its a great game to play and hours just go by. Its even in beta still so itll get way better.
,Recommended,211820,8019564,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,MonkeyDLuffty,dat space is awesome dude!
,Recommended,211820,8020323,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Protohm Johnny,"This game is rather excellent! There is much more content than ever expected, and this is only in beta! I heavily recommend this game to those that enjoy exploration games, sandbox games, and Terraria!"
76561198037519380,Recommended,211820,8020343,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Zsoro,"Explore, discover, build, and fight your way through infinite worlds. It's pretty good.Pros:+ Intuitive controls and slick character movement+ Tons of different types weapons, armor, and items to use, including special tech abilities+ The procedurally generated planets and dungeons therein are fun to discover and explore. And there are 'infinite' worlds to travel to.+ Can build whatever you want+ MultiplayerCons:- The combat is pretty rough, weird hit boxes and enemy attacks can be overpowered.- Mining can be tedious, in my experience above-ground exploration can be much more rewarding (i.e. more loot and interesting locations to discover) than subterranean expeditions. There needs to be more things to find underground than just ores and pixel capsules.- Game is unfinished, you are buying into beta."
,Recommended,211820,8019229,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,RUSSIA = AUTISM,"terraria + mmo = starbound, nice!"
,Recommended,211820,18557690,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,DragonFlopus,Loving It!
,Recommended,211820,18557644,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Paez,"a lot of content, very nice style, fun to play, awesome soundtrack. the devs are constantly updating the game and it's got a lot of love in the details. you play as one of four races and harvest different biomes in search of materials and items for crafting, you explore dungeons with some challenges to overcome, fight some pretty cool bosses and are able to build nearly everything you can imagine (structures, logical systems etc)."
76561198106574815,Recommended,211820,18558636,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Khaara,This game is just WOW for me!
,Recommended,211820,18559129,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Business_Cat,"In my honest opinion, this game is really great. Sure it may look like a Terraria clone, but this game is something original. From plot to exploring planets, the game is unique with so many areas to explore, and the secret mini-bosses are neat. I would recommend this if on sale due to being in beta still, but You won't be disappointed when you're fighting pirate penguins."
76561198110268059,Recommended,211820,18552235,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Murplesman,"Starbound is an amazing game. The gameplay is constantly being revised and revamped by the developers, and is quite fun and has absurd replayability. It is become a great game and is sure to give you your money's worth of fun. I would like more dungeons, just so they are less of the same structure lying around."
76561198056075406,Recommended,211820,18554617,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Masteraaron,AMAZING! builders come to the game. so much stuff.
,Recommended,211820,24479549,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Yukomi-Kan,"owned it since it was first made, developed mods in lau for it. it was pretty good easy to recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,211820,8019690,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,SaSaLe,"If you like platformer, you cant avoid this game. I´ve now an good looking collection of those games, and Starbound is the only one which make really fun to play after i figured out how the game work. Cube World, Terraria, Spelunky, Darkout, Space Engineers... Well, didnt last long.Also everyone talks about Terraria in Space, well to be honest, there is much more RPG work done, also in progress a main quest and like other said, tons of stuff. As i see, every 2-3 weeks comes a bigger update (with more tons of stuff).I didnt play that long, maybe 20h´s, but iam still interested in making a new character and play from begin again, like Minecraft. So, i dont miss any cent i´ve paid for the game, if you personally like an other 2d platformer more than this, no problem, you want be unlucky with buying that one."
76561198035518252,Recommended,211820,8020183,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,tibblaye,awesome game
76561198008462901,Recommended,211820,8019540,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Aos13,tis great
,Recommended,211820,8020042,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Risk09,You should get this as soon as you see this if you haven't already. YOUR MISSING OUT ON AMAZINGNESS
,Recommended,211820,8020441,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The Wanderer King,"This game is really fun.  It's like a better version of Terraria x FTL + THIS AMAZING SCORE.  Seriously, I would recommend this game just based upon the slow, contemplative piano track that accompianies the game.  It's hauntingly beautiful, and it sets the tone of the game very well."
76561198054374712,Recommended,211820,15525703,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,KittyCat070,"I can only say this game is better than THOMAS THE TANK ENGINE ON DOPE 420 BLAZE IT #SWEEEG #OBEY WHERE THE POT SNOOP DOOOOOOGE      IGN 10/10 BES 420 GAME IN YEARS M8 GET RIKT PIUBWRHåNIORsHBÅINMBSÅDØHMSØDSPHSD<DKMOØLFMD<OHKRFHMOP<MDHDOSPHÆLMFS<OMDPØGMSØDGKHES,ÆOLDSP"
76561198142915167,Recommended,211820,18001088,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Activated Almonds,such a great game! The music is awesome too!
76561198173148623,Recommended,211820,17978623,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,tabo1272,This game was very enjoyable to me and I hope this game will be just as fun to play for others as well.
,Recommended,211820,17985729,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Spifferella,Starbound was fun! A friend and I played through pretty much all the available content over the course of a few days. I can't wait until more gets added. It's obviously a lot like Terraria but it's even more story driven. Exploring new planets is fun. Doing the quests is fun. The whole thing was just really good.
76561198046259996,Recommended,211820,18000929,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Sp00ky,"This game is amazing. I have almost 100 hours invested and the gameplay is amaing.Rating: 10/10The music is also suprisingly good and I like it, its just that it can make you think about what youve done in your life, or lack there of.Rating sad/10"
76561198099039675,Recommended,211820,8938876,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,BigDaddySnorp,M ELIKE. PERIOD.
76561197979669620,Recommended,211820,8045069,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Niro,PLAY THIS GAME WITH ME YOU♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,24512119,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,PhantomPringles,My Starbound Review:Pros:Fun GameplayAmazing MusicWonderful Art StyleHas ModsGreat CommunityGreat DetailsForever ExpandingDiffernet play through each timeGreat CustomizabilityCons:Some BugsRepetative SometimesSolo play can get boringToo linear sometimesConclusion:A great game that has a lot of content and is very fun I would reccomend this to almost everyone! :)Ps:This is better than Terraria ;)
,Recommended,211820,7977093,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,NeleGALL[TK],Best of the best of the best.
,Recommended,211820,8671878,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Gizmo,"Love Terraria? Love Edge of Space? Try out this game it`s amazing with the vareity of weapons,tools,enimies, and biomes, I am sure you will have a ♥♥♥♥ton of fun"
,Recommended,211820,28173566,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Voltex,I enjoy this game
76561198060348578,Recommended,211820,33063232,Posted: 30 June,all,Wackybloodwing,You're bound for the stars. Aahaahhaahhaah.BWAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA.
76561198132117622,Recommended,211820,24462840,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Chili Pepper Knight,this game is not in early acces anymore
76561198025594594,Not Recommended,211820,21346377,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Cris,.
76561198284509583,Recommended,211820,33264911,Posted: 5 July,all,malone46,"Yes, doge says iz gud game 360/420 -IGN"
76561198072293121,Recommended,211820,14304329,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Skeletor,THIS GAME IS AWESOME
,Not Recommended,211820,14538219,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,boysiepay,"I think I would really like this game, except the first boss is too hard.  Most of the game opens up after the first boss it would seem (or they still have a lot to deveop).  If the Erchius boss wasn't stupid hard to get right and I could play the rest of the game I might actually keep playing this and recommend it to others, as it stands I am done.  This game will get shelved until I forget how frustrating and boring doing the same thing over and over again only to loose and have to do it all again.  The rest of the game seemed really great, except I don't get to leave the first systm until after I beat this incredibly boring and stupid boss.  After trying 6+ times and failing just before succeeding I am done with running through the whole maze to get to disappointment again."
76561198010739572,Not Recommended,211820,14452417,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Edgelord Darknessborn,"okay, was loving the game, until i came across a planet with literally no copper, so i tried to make a new character, ive made six characters and i spawn on the same planet every time, even the house from my very first character is there! fix this! i paid 15 dollars for a game i cant even progress in!"
,Recommended,211820,18914817,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Aeor Vidicus,I was gonna do a long discription but no.....its Starbound nough said
,Recommended,211820,29997547,Posted: 17 February,all,Fancypants915,What terraria and no mans sky should have been.
,Recommended,211820,19605664,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,xgorexpunkx,"BEST PLATFORM GAME EVER MADE!!!!!   aliens crafting hoarding everything you find. Space explortation. sooo many planets and the guy you made for offline use can still be use for online with your same ship and all the items you have,you all should for sure buy this game. its worth the money!!!!!add me"
,Recommended,211820,19623946,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,#jamesdashforpres,"9.6 / 10I have bought this game today and i woke up 7hrs ago i have played the game for almost 6hrs already. The Starbound game exeeds in adventure, action and sandbox in every way. The tutorials on the game are amazing and the missions you get set off to do such as helping survivors and defeating pirates. after missions like that i cant wait to see what new adventure i will be set off to do next. The missions are action packed, puzzling and a absolute joy, before each mission the game gets you prepared for the epic fight so you wont get destoryed whilst in the mission. The universe is infinate and randomly generated to give it a feel so if you play again its not all the same planets. each solar system has a mysterious gate which can give you diffrent quests to recive rewards that can help you on your adventure. each planet has some kind of generated structure that you can defeat or die trying. there can be big structures and small structures. almost all structures give you some kind of reward for completing the fight or maybe you just rob a poor floran's house while he just stares at you with his / hers mouth open.This game has been an amazing experiance for me so far and will continue to play for a very long time"
76561198190030474,Recommended,211820,19624923,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,tejasjack,It is pretty awsome that its in space and the game works really well.
,Recommended,211820,19610171,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Beaulofmeister csgobounty.com,"I really wish they would bring back the survival aspect of it, with things such as hunger, but it is still an awasome game, imo able to contend with terraria"
76561198218551937,Recommended,211820,18282412,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Infinite Echo,"I liked the feel of exploration in this game but eventually you just do everything and get a little bored.But you could always play as another race and start over,or maybe even install mods.But it's fun while it lasts."
76561198149062047,Recommended,211820,18270706,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,OB51DI4N,yes!
76561198130205568,Recommended,211820,18433259,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Kat-Kun,"SPOILERSOk lets see... I got a quest from a penguin to get either Rubium, Violium, or Aegisalt armor for a quest. So i go and get Rubium armor and go to the quest, turns out the quest is helping another penguin test his mecha suit that he built. So i start fighting the mecha suit and keep getting killed.WARNING! This game induces lots of hatred towards penguins. >:O"
,Recommended,211820,17714019,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Dr Weasel,"Pretty beatiful and fun game, the new patch made it even better."
76561198132986927,Recommended,211820,17776855,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Frank,this is a great game
,Recommended,211820,17776896,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,I cant see my forehead.,"Starbound Is a Great Game for People who like Building, Adventuring, and Sci-Fi. There is always something new to find on the planets of the universe! I highly reccomend this game to everyone/everything (Apex)"
,Recommended,211820,17777391,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,SUMMON THE ELECTOR COUNTS,"The amount of mining you have to put into this game is too much! The first tutorials and Missions are hard.But that aside, its a very fun game, I recommend to all, and graphics are good."
76561198012821439,Recommended,211820,17779992,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AlcAtrocity,Been following this game since it's first debut here on steam and it's made really good progress. I play it with a few friends after each update and spend a whole lot of time on it. It's great and extremly fun to play with friends.
76561198133825572,Recommended,211820,17782440,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,WeaverTheCreator,"This is like Terraria in space! It is a great crafting game, its like Borderlands mixed with Terraria, FTL and Minecraft, a truly epic game!"
,Recommended,211820,17906329,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TR|LLPH0NK,vidya good
,Recommended,211820,31090781,Posted: 11 April,all,Lo-Fi,"[DISCLAIMER] This is my own personalOPINONHonestly I think this game is awesome.However there are some cons that should be worked out...I'll give a list of Pros and ConsPROS1. Endless possibilities (lots of randomly generated worlds)2. Thousands of items to collect (if you like collecting things)3. Vanity items (This is huge for me if you like customizing your characters)4. Made to be played over and over5. Moddable (Frackin Universe is by far one of the coolest mods)6. Hunger - Some games don't have hunger (Eg. Terraria (but Terraria is still awesome though))7. Pets - You can capture pets like it's Pokemon and honestly we've all wanted to have a pokemon as a pet in a open world.CONS1. THE STORY - It's a bit long and tedious and really boring. I like the lore but the missions annoy me alot because I'd much rather explore worlds than do missions. The story is also not very in depth, by the end of the game we're still left with many questions. The ending also just ends abruptly and that's that. You get a thank you card for playing the game.2. REMOVAL OF SOME ITEMS - Granted I never played Starbound when it was in Early Access but whilist scrolling through Chucklefish Fourms and Starbounder Wiki there are so many cool weapons and items that were removed and I can understand some of the other fans out there that lost their favourite item by the time the official version of Starbound came out.3. Alot of things could (and should) still be added. In a way it feels unfinished. Like one day they just decided to stop adding anything useful to the game. (Eg. A minimap would be great ;OVERALL, 8/10 I personally would recommend this game.BUT, I would highly discourage people who either: Hate learning the lore, Exploring, Grinding or if you just want to finish the game as fast as you can. This game was meant to be played slowly with care. If you do not want to spend time on learning about the game than DON'T buy this game. It is not for you.HOWEVER, to those that like a bit of a challenge or something to take your mind off of or a game to play with your friends than this game is perfect for you!ANYWAYS, THAT'S MY OPINION!!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,31092550,Posted: 12 April,all,BANANA NETFLIX,Ball of gnomes
76561198302733488,Recommended,211820,31092563,Posted: 12 April,all,Robspark13,"i was recommended this game a while back and installed but didn't play for a while, today i started playing, i got onto the home screen, i created my avatar but then as soon as i loaded up the intro mission i could only see my tool bar but nothing else, 30 minutes later i managed to get a picture finally of a quaint futuristic college dorm, before the game froze and i had to be booted out, please help, however i really do recommend this game as the first time i played it it worked a dream."
76561198156269757,Recommended,211820,17142698,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Sophstheknight,game is amazing but really hard!
76561198056485581,Recommended,211820,17281243,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,[ESA] TrustIssues.,definitely worth the experience
76561198080541393,Recommended,211820,8974668,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,ZulaZaru,awesome
76561198050573031,Recommended,211820,8326370,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Detective Sloth,like a updated terraria but better :D
76561198102805204,Recommended,211820,14375792,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,WhenUDrinkSalt,"I thought this game was okay a few weeks ago, but then...... THE WINTER UPDATE. The winter update made this game way better. It is surely worth $15 now. If you liked Terraria, buy this game right now. If you don't have Terraria, well buy it anyway. Now you can upgrade your ship to be the size of a mansion and all that. The controls are also a little better.Went to the core of a planet to repair part of my ship. Found out I needed to go to an Erchius Crystal mining facility to fix it- found a giant crystal monster. Got laser-beamed to death. 9.35/10- would get laser beamed to death again-"
76561198044583868,Recommended,211820,10466794,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Jimmy B,Awesome game
,Recommended,211820,10676079,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drain On Society,Pretty much takes any complaint about Terraria we may have had and blows them out an airlock.
76561198081213910,Recommended,211820,10170783,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,N4G666,One of the most mind capturing games I've ever played!!! Strongly recommended!
76561198193836951,Recommended,211820,28600312,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JustSheep,Best survival game so far.
,Recommended,211820,9056040,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,O'hurley,really recomended!
,Recommended,211820,28510067,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Dragonfart65,AMAZING I LOOOOOOVE THIS GAME!
,Recommended,211820,16335898,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Bob Ross has walls.,Buy it.
,Recommended,211820,16102572,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Sarke.,"In Starbound, you take on the role of a character who’s just fled from their home planet, only to crash-land on another. From there you’ll embark on a quest to survive, discover, explore and fight your way across an infinite universe."
76561198061931648,Recommended,211820,16414351,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,GentlemanMonkey,its awesome
76561198038709349,Not Recommended,211820,16400555,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Absolute Madman (NOSOUND),
76561198003832295,Not Recommended,211820,16340135,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Pino Creed,"Starbound is a huge disappointment. What feels like forever ago we were waiting for updates that improved the game, when in reality it's only gotten worse. Planet exploring is stale and progression is chopped up into a linear grind for the next set of gear. I actually preferred the game before the huge update. Starbound is extremely linear and the planets feel quite sparse. Also the inspiration for creative building in this game is lacking due to the safety of your space ship and not being able to set a respawn point."
,Recommended,211820,7998637,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Luffy,Just Play It! Why Are You Still Reading This? GO PLAY IT NOW!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,8215976,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,K!netic,"It may only be beta, but it sure feels like a full game. If Terraria were good, this would be it. The building is solid, the combat satisfying, the exploration engaging. This is definitely something to watch."
,Recommended,211820,24470182,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,sunkhan_,I highly recommend this game. You can have very fun with roleplaying servers.
76561198238064992,Recommended,211820,24472304,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ProtoMelon,"When I first saw the beta trailer for this game, I was sold from the beginning, so I went a pre-ordered it and was excited to play it. Now that the game has come so far, I realize that the alpha trailer paled in comparison to 1.0. It's a beautiful game with an amazing soundtrack and an awesome story and boss fights to boot.-If you've been looking for an awesome sand-box adventure, here's your game."
76561198064203806,Recommended,211820,8944797,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Assbepis,A good remedy for the dissapointment of No Mans Sky. For a cheeper price you get fun time space adventures in a similar vein to Terraria.
76561198218348067,Recommended,211820,20879119,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,O'Mally,Hi im a starbound player i love playing starbound every day. But resently my screen on the game is black i cant see but i can open my invintory and everything else. i cant see or move my player i can see my invintory and things but the screen is black all i can see is my invintory jornal inspect codex. please make a suicide command or in optains make a suicide button i can click of fix this bug. I found starbound and i love playing i am begging yout to fix this glitch or bug. Please
76561198149583311,Recommended,211820,28004263,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mushroom,fun
,Recommended,211820,28017107,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,.:Synkronic,+rep
76561197986177662,Recommended,211820,29303948,Posted: 16 January,all,jshel,Is pretty fun game what else can I say ¯\_(ツ)_/¯
76561198120672996,Recommended,211820,28912643,Posted: 1 January,all,Jaytto,Very interesting and fun game
,Recommended,211820,27575661,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dan0r73,Best Terraria clone ever!
,Recommended,211820,29444178,Posted: 23 January,all,Mr. Sudvaka | gamekit.com,An amazing pixel game that deserves to be recognized!
,Recommended,211820,28482407,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,zboyd,even more spacey than CoD
,Recommended,211820,29776809,Posted: 7 February,all,geraldsullivan1990,I found Starbound on accident and i am glad i did before i buy any game i watch gameplay footage to see if i would like it and this one cought my eye it will get reptative it is not a game to play day after day if you just want to relax and do some mining while waiting on your crops to grow or go hunting or even build up a new colony on a new planet this game is for you it is a good for the price.
76561198072970006,Recommended,211820,29776848,Posted: 7 February,all,themothersky,"Spaceships and aliens in a beautiful pixel art universe. IMO, this game is worth more than what it's priced, and a solid bargain whenever it's on sale."
,Recommended,211820,26297628,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,MattRock93,Like terraria if you could go to space in a ship
,Recommended,211820,27281030,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,I hate your dad,Is good
76561198359273743,Not Recommended,211820,29837337,Posted: 10 February,all,Lowe Right,This game won't even run on my pc and I have the specs to be able to play the game
76561198345914878,Recommended,211820,28911140,Posted: 1 January,all,biIIy,awsome
76561198180856015,Recommended,211820,28453862,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,GalacticEmpire999,it is a good game but i mean it just has a story mode i don't really like how it has a storymode.Yet in terraria it has no storymode i like starbound but hate the story mode.And i also hate how enemies have the same moves everytime it never gets new and in terraria you adapt to your enviornment but in starbound you have a planet lets say you settle in it its good but i mean the planet never changes with new enemies then because of the story mode there are only 9 bosses yet in terraria there are i think 32 and starbounds story is too cliche I do dislike cliche stuff but starbound should take out the storymode and make it sort of the same as terraria in a planet you would like to adapt to the idea of story mode in a pixelated game is very bad it depends if its a game like terraria but if its like fighting then that is fine to me and the quests should give you abit better items i really like starbound but terraria is awesome starbounds music is so relaxing and good but terraria's music is so nice and it brings back good memories so i hope starbound listens to this review because they should take the story out or at least extend the story because it's just to cliche id like them to make it the same concept as terraria but in space! thank you.
,Recommended,211820,27998926,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dust Sans,"welp, for starters, if your not a hacker/cheater, well the game is dam good and long. Lets start the review, okay, first of all it has 51 achievements,so yeah some of you are thinking ha it only has 51 achievements so that poster was lying but read the achievement titles and descriptions and you'l see.And he, ha me I have 5 accounts, ha ha ha ha ha,a lot of people think that 400 hours is a lot, ptth you guys havent even seen the real potentialof a gamer, ha.ha.ha. i've played ofer 1000 hours of starbound. you want to know realy how long i've played starbound COMLETLEY, huh, your all the same, 2471 hours i've played, i'm one of the first players to ever play this game, did you know that this game had a beta test? no (or yes ) if you dident, well,  y o u, w e r e. r o n g. first copy, first beta,  w e n t.  t o.  m e.  h a.  h a.  h a. i've already told you to much, ha ha ha ha ha ha hahahahahahhahahahahahaha  hahaha i've let a bug in the game, for the longest of time, i've been holding something in, a bug that i created, ha have fun with that glich, here, wen you tipe /admin and thene a /spawnitem command rong, the perfectly generic item apears, hah i myte or myte notof changed a bit the program, haha some of you myte know that changing the program is eligal but not hackingley  speeking haha, i'm done here."
,Recommended,211820,27999990,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Tails,Terraria with better graphics
76561198087947169,Not Recommended,211820,30013344,Posted: 18 February,all,LeDeem,dont buy not worth to play lack of updates
,Recommended,211820,29795262,Posted: 8 February,all,слендер,класс
76561198265636818,Recommended,211820,22314060,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Myth67,Im so glad bought this game near the update im waiting...
76561198119400091,Recommended,211820,24474726,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Spogtire,yee
,Recommended,211820,8586815,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Chef,Space Terraria
76561197994930512,Not Recommended,211820,26449364,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Exarius,"I tried so hard to get into Starbound, and to its credit it does a few things well.  Overall though, there's a number of elements that are downright awful.  Everything just feels so generic that it's impossible to care about anything, and the few things I did enjoy weren't enough to keep me coming back."
,Recommended,211820,28031217,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Onion,"Dig, fight, explore, build! Nothing is impossible in this action-packed adventure game. Four Pack also available!User reviews:RECENT:	Overwhelmingly Positive (4,130 reviews)OVERALL:	Overwhelmingly Positive (167,528 reviews)Release Date: May 16, 2011Popular user-defined tags for this product:Sandbox Adventure 2D Survival Multiplayer +Tags you've applied to this product:+ Add your own tags"
,Recommended,211820,28074271,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Kawaii Jayden,Good ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,211820,28761349,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,DaMajestic46,"This game is amazing, it has graphics of terraria ( the highest rated game on steam) and no mans sky."
76561198274207847,Not Recommended,211820,28688592,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Alberto.,"Huge lag problems when you play with your friends...Annoyed, nothing else."
,Not Recommended,211820,24664244,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gene Pool Lifeguard,1.0 made things even worse.
,Recommended,211820,25195002,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,MixA4,"It's like No Man's Sky, only actually fun."
,Recommended,211820,21595914,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Anony,"This game is awesome.Taking certain elements from Terraria (another good game), starbound is able to mingle it with other, unique elements and becoming an even better game, in my opinion. The best thing is, it's still in development, so more stuff is on its way (WOOT!)"
,Not Recommended,211820,21352885,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,「ＭＥＭＺ」,"very fun, but no good servers anymore, very sad."
76561197967256084,Not Recommended,211820,29808566,Posted: 9 February,all,Swordstudent,This game has a lot of bugs and issues that need to be addressed before I would ever consider putting more money then what I already have into it.
,Recommended,211820,29817581,Posted: 9 February,all,Exodus,"Starbound,This game is ♥♥♥♥ing great.All you need to know."
,Recommended,211820,28829610,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,pos 3/4/5 thx,"Well, YOPTA.This game is Youth Oriented and Bydło Approved (YOBA, if ya want).There we got space ships, monkeys, guns and moar♥♥♥♥♥♥♥like baws.I rate this vidya_gaem like 10 penguins about 10.HERE COME DAT APEX"
,Recommended,211820,27726832,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Levi506,Starbound is like No man Sky excepted there are acutal objectives and multiplayer
,Recommended,211820,27739562,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Sentrytrap,A game I can't stop playing. Endless amounts of fun. Infinite play time (Because of mods (And planets (And galxies ( And items ( And armor (And enemies).
,Recommended,211820,28186670,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,habitablebrute8,this♥♥♥♥♥♥keeps crashing on my computor what a complete piece of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥crack
76561198040997616,Recommended,211820,27999729,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Meth Krabs,"This game is really good. I first got it a couple years ago when it was in early access, and have loved it ever since. It is like what No Man's Sky should have been, but more combat focused, sort of like the Terraria to No Man's Sky's Minecraft, but is also much less demanding graphically, with a robust modding community both on the Steam workshop and the Nexus Mods community. Basically, it's really good, and you should get it and play it forever."
,Recommended,211820,28001154,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Astrosquid,I can be the space-farmer I always wanted to be.
76561198039193519,Recommended,211820,27527336,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Rain McVarelk,"Very intense game,Very disturbing."
76561198005675512,Recommended,211820,27252558,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Gidderuni n Cheese,I think with all the changes that they make to the game it gets better in some way or form with this recent one it doesnt feel incomplete
,Recommended,211820,24480178,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,FriccingFriccs,"In my opinion, this is a fantastic game that I think fans of the survival/crafting genre should try. It's similar to Terraria, but in space, which is a semi-obvious considering the developer of Starbound was formerly a developer of Terraria. Even if you don't think you'd like it, I would atleast recommend buying it if it's ever on sale.In other reviews, I have seen people complaining of framerate issues, but for me, I have experienced consistent 60 fps, with slight framedrops when transitioning from major biomes. To let you know, I have 16 GB of RAM and the new radeon rx 480 graphics card, as a comparison to yours.All in all, it's a great game, and finally seeing it released is enough for me to play through again."
76561198124275650,Recommended,211820,24480513,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,GamingNStuff,FIX THE GAME!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,27599626,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Waffles,I think this is much better than Terraria
,Recommended,211820,22336028,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,zdravstvuite,Love that singing monsta.
76561198284050185,Recommended,211820,21969511,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mao_Shad,I love this game but they need to add more farming stuff like a sprinkler and fertilizer
,Recommended,211820,25942550,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,eдpoc блять eбaть nahuy,Спустя 3 года в это наконец можно играть
76561198081789067,Recommended,211820,25139281,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Space Butterflies,People say this game is like terraria... It's not... except the 2d part this game is amazing.. seriously try it out
76561198004115655,Recommended,211820,25401666,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Silver,I LOVE this game!
76561198155481065,Recommended,211820,17772972,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,HELIOCENTRIC01,"This game is one of the best 2d survival/space/exploration/building games I have ever played. I love the style, the gameplay and the characters. Highly recommend it 9/10 People who hate this game probobly havn't played the game properly This game is AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,211820,23087091,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,michal jackson,this game is the best game i have ever played
76561198057030986,Recommended,211820,23531140,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,ShippudenGaming,Ok I guess
76561198151014252,Recommended,211820,21933860,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,mojofilter,"Probably one of my favorite games out there! Great gameplay, soundtrack, and wverything else! I reccomend!"
76561198122986352,Recommended,211820,21942277,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Damitchells,the best 2d game ever!!!
,Recommended,211820,28633337,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,initial KOOL イロニク,"This game is incredibly rich and much more complex than it looks.I haven't tried multiplayer yet but it must be really fun too.Plus it's cheap, just buy it, you won't regret it."
76561198127547917,Recommended,211820,28003430,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,CptKittenwolf,"This game is amazing with a variety of ways to play, weapons to use, and secrets to find. With the vast amount of mods, or workshop items, you can add to make this game even better. I can say many examples for this statement but I'm just going to say this game is awesome. Kill, complete challenging quests, find portal challenge rooms, use weapons, upgrade your stuff, mod, explore, loot, raid, etc. 9001/9000"
76561198010061755,Not Recommended,211820,28151440,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,Epicism,"Get into a fight, click off screen, screen minimizes. Try to restore, takes 26 seconds. Die. Restart. Repeat."
,Recommended,211820,26702253,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Han Cholo,Far greater from its predecessor Pac-Mans. The graphics aren't like Battlefield's or Call of Duty's but still a fun game which is my only complaint.
76561198257037312,Recommended,211820,29806507,Posted: 9 February,all,Pickle-O,i loved this game playing with my friends and one day i wokeupthe game didnt work          it give me a white screen and  it crashed sometime if uknow how to fix this tell me  plz
,Recommended,211820,28783680,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Marz,Better than No Man's Sky :D
76561198046278152,Recommended,211820,26700463,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Beerzerkers,Is goods.Like No Man's Sky but with actually fun things to do and for a reasonable price.
,Recommended,211820,26703959,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,joshi,"Bought this game way back in the beta (like two years ago idk), decided to play it again after my friend got it.AMAZING.No Man's Sky 2D and done right.Plus amazing music and an active modding community, if you're a fan of 2D sandboxes or just sandboxes in general BUY IT.11/10 kkbye"
,Recommended,211820,29952275,Posted: 15 February,all,Tusky The Husky,"Starbound have a good history and is beautiful, i loved it."
,Recommended,211820,29804663,Posted: 9 February,all,GuppyGus,Starbound is a very fun sandbox and space game and there's online multiplayer and everyting! One criticism I have is you need to have a reasonably good computer to play it.
76561198118808543,Recommended,211820,29378835,Posted: 20 January,all,Psychotic,"Amazing game, hours of fun. Although i cant play multiplayer very well, not shore if my fault.Felling lazy grammer bad :)"
76561197980131807,Not Recommended,211820,25192617,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,ARGHHHH,"Played with a friend and it saved my progress on his universe. Really messed up my quest, i am no longer able to finish the game. I played it over 30 hours! All i did wrong was finish one of the last quests  with my buddies game... it didnt count on my universe, nor did my quest reset when i returned to my universe....basically THERE IS NO WAY I CAN FINISH THE GAME!"
,Recommended,211820,30288168,Posted: 2 March,all,A Garbage Fire,Good game and worth the $15
76561198294710787,Recommended,211820,28911712,Posted: 1 January,all,Icylizard,Its great lots of opions.You can do lots of diffrent stuff.You can also focus on diffrent things.
,Recommended,211820,17385773,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,JKP9,"Starbound is a amazing game, lots of exploring and fun to be had, (look at my in-game hrs) but to enyone asking, this is not a terraria clone! Don't get me wrong, I recommend Starbound and Terraria to eny adventurer, (I kinda maybe own both) but Starbound is amazing!!!I have been playing this game for about 2 years, And i have seen it (SLOWLY) grow out of Early Access. It has a great soundtrack, cool (if basic) story, and if you love adventuring, mining, or combat, THIS IS THE GAME FOR YOU!!! (And I found a space platypus, just throwing that out there)PS: This game has been my favorite since i found it, and over time, it became better and better.|9.5/10|"
,Recommended,211820,15255149,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,◥Vortex◣,to like a simple to like
76561198205366663,Recommended,211820,19543072,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,plasma726,best game ever though it does have a few glitches here and there but its duffrint than any other game out there you can explore build roleplay with freinds make house find wepans fight bosses its purely awsome but its glitches are sometimes earitating i would recomand this to alot of people
,Recommended,211820,19482551,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Frightened Manlet,"“I'm comfortable with the unknown -- that's the point of science. There are places out there, billions of places out there, that we know nothing about. And the fact that we know nothing about them excites me, and I want to go out and find out about them""And that's what Starbound is. - Brian Cox/Me a little"
76561198034590372,Recommended,211820,20075817,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,drakula671 csgoroll.com,good game nothing to say here
76561198155832316,Recommended,211820,20080278,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Smohr101,"This game is amazing, I'm extremely glad I bought it. I reccomend it to anyone who likes open world games! I rate 10/10, just needs a longer story arc than repairing a ship."
76561198134917703,Recommended,211820,20082827,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Krakatoa!,Was great!
76561198120326092,Recommended,211820,20072713,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,BassEXEGS,I enjoy mining and gambling on wheter the next hole i fall into will lead to lava or not.
,Recommended,211820,20072997,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,corythurman445,Incredibly fun and highly addictive! Easily one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had!
76561198047871693,Recommended,211820,20471153,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Em,"I adore this game for so many reasons. I have been there through character and world wipes, awkward beginnings and cubersome quests - and now I am enjoying the smooth open-world quest-rich universe-building game. I will list my favourite things, and then cons that might apply to players. I will also suggest who I think this game would be great for, and who it is not great for.. and a tldr review.TL:DR Review: Fun if you like games like Terraria, Minecraft, Creativerse etc. Crafting, open world, quests, you get your own spaceship! Guns, swords, farming, killable bosses, puzzles. Colony building. Teleporters! You can tp from one planet to another, from any depth to your ship! Buy it.My fave parts: All of it. There is nothing I do not like about this game. Seriously. From having my own spaceship which can fly to infinite worlds to building up a huge planetary colony; from getting a quest from a mechanic who happens to also be a penguin to pocket dimensions with treasure; from tiny mysterious underground villages to deep underwater voyages where you don't have to worry about breathing cause you got a breathing implant from a quest; from an array of replayable instanced missions to scary boss fights you can actually win without tearing your hair out (bloodborne, I'm talking about you!) to buying and selling in an Avian market... this game has so much depth and replayability.Parts people might not like: I can see how impatient people might not like figuing out some of the puzzles. It takes some thinking and some exploring and some revisiting. Secondly, I can imagine that for some, the repetitive nature of games of this genre can get tiresome - some people don't like games like Terraria and Starbound, Minecraft and Creativerse etc. But repetition can be said of almost every game, even the most popular games out there. If you don't like the genre, you might not like this one.I do not recommend this game for people with super short attention spans that need constant hacking and slashing to keep them interested; for people that don't care for crafting; for people that only like first person 3D; for people that need staunch realism.I wholeheartedly recommend this game to people who like exploring, crafting, farming, quests that can take some thinking, town building, house building, decorating, hidden treasure, open world, and RPGs. Your characters progress, I won't spoil how. There are amazing races to choose from! each with their unique style, speech, and world views.Teleporters!! I ADORE how they made the teleport beam you up from anywhere on the planet, even deep in said planet, to your ship. You can easily get teleporters to several worlds, I don't know yet if there is a max number but I have quite a collection, and access those worlds from any other part of the universe! Travel made simple and fun. Just be sure to remember which to goes where.There is more I am sure I am forgetting as this game is huge. And it keeps getting bigger and better. Worth every penny, I suggest buying full price to support the devs as this is obviously a labour of love."
76561198018726313,Recommended,211820,7955209,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Martin Fox,"Starbound is something great! At first you can think: ""Pff.. the stupid copy of Terraria."" But no. No,no,no,no. This is something unic and it is very good. Thank you very much for this beautiful game.-------------------------------------------Well, after some time I think I've changed my mind a litle bit. Starbound is developing way to long. And some updates didn't make the game better. It is no longer a game where you can travel all over the universe discovering new landscapes. It is now a game where you need to complete uninterest quests to go forward. Don't get me wrong. Starbound is still good. But it was better I think."
76561198079364485,Recommended,211820,9095263,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Pengurio,10/10 would bang
,Recommended,211820,9763337,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,The Green Death Symptoms,the game was very good! but when there was no boss to kill then I had nothing to do! there exist four bosses to kill and a lot of planets and asteroids to explore.
76561198091138066,Recommended,211820,15297776,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,SoSavvy,"I wasnt sure about buying this game at first but I am sure glad I did! Lots of replayability and just a fun game overall if youre getting bored of terraria,"
,Recommended,211820,19680662,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Blobbernog,The massive combat update started making my game crash harder than Paul Walker. Otherwise would highly recommend
76561198134110487,Recommended,211820,19681633,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,woodardjs,I tried going back to Terraria a few weeks ago... but ... this game is just too perfect.
76561198187208247,Recommended,211820,19682384,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,LazyCorn [DMS],IS REALLY FUN :)
,Recommended,211820,19682610,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,djzombek,"I would recommend this game for anyone who liked Terraria but found it too repetitive or boring. It does what it claims to do; not much more, but no less.Pros:-Nice soundtrack-Nice range of enemies-Very dynamic star systems & planetsNeutral:-Doesn't take too long to progressCons:-Horrendous performance. Seriously, I get 1/4 of the framerate in Starbound than Terraria in all client types."
76561198179832713,Recommended,211820,19684967,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Chronos,this game is so good
,Recommended,211820,19685166,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,rigidPillow,Amazing in its current state AND the devs are always adding new stuff to make it better somehow.
,Recommended,211820,19686578,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Windroid,Like Terraria but not finished.10/10
,Recommended,211820,19686823,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,raspy ❤,"Short Review:For an Early Access game, Starbound has a very high amount of content to offer.Definitely worth the money.Long Review:For an Early Access game, Starbound has a very high amount of content to offer.The fighting system is sub-basic, with there being different types of ranged weapons and melee weapons.The variety of weapons gives the user an extensive amount of different playstyles.I first bought the game when there were still Sectors, a long time ago.Since then there were multiple character wipes. I didn't mind these and found them as a way to start anew.The game has a very expansive area that you're able to explore, the Universe it imposes being seemingly infinite.The spritework in the game is very good, it's got a fluid flow to it.I like this game. Think I might get back into it and restart."
,Recommended,211820,19687499,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,RoccoVis,"Starbound may seem like a Terraria clone, and in many ways it is, but this game definetly cannot be define but just that alone. This game has a lot to offer, from planet exploration to quests, and I found that once you get past the basic tutorial, crafting, mining, ect. The game becomes a LOT bigger. There is a lot to craft, but honestly I wished it explained how to get materials to craft things, or how to find the blueprints for certain recipies a bit clearer, rather than having to rely on the wiki constantly. I really liked, but I didn't LOVE it until I brought a friend along. Setting a server a bit more tedious than Terraria, but not nearly as terrible as Minecraft or something. Once we got the ball rolling, and off the starting world, we were up until late in the night playing this game. Overall, this game is worth picking up."
76561198174613174,Recommended,211820,19687519,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Tango!,Love this game
,Recommended,211820,19687559,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,TheGoatIsBetter,"Very fun and worth getting.  This game is an awesome take on 2D sandbox games, a nearly if not infinite universe to explore in your ship different for each race you can chose to play as.  If you don't want to take on the more sandbox side of the game you can take on the story part of the game which having played many different games myself this one has some VERY unique bosses.  10/10(I totally changed this review as of the full release of the game to fit the HUGE change in it this is no longer an early access review even though I have had experienced the early access of the game.)"
,Recommended,211820,19687699,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Killstreak Sorceress,"game is awesome all you need to do now is make steam multiplayer PLEASE me and a few friends have been tryna get a good multiplayer server but nothing is working it seems it only works on lan and since one of my friends recently moved away we cant play starbound , please help <"
,Recommended,211820,19844315,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,WWEED,You can play a flute while serching for the sugercane to make a cake for the window...and you look for 2 hours10/10 TCP-The Crazy Pirate
76561198113748370,Recommended,211820,19948049,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Excalibur Pilot,"Amazing game, a wide variety of things to do and great missions too. I've had this game for a while and it has improved and only gotten better over the updates. Thanks Chucklefish for a great game."
,Recommended,211820,19949457,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,_kiss,"explore, explore, explore infinitely :)"
76561198150938226,Recommended,211820,19943717,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,andachain3,It's a very good game. I like it!I follow you for a long time.
,Recommended,211820,24450983,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,belchman,this game is very cool
,Recommended,211820,8017652,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,k!lldØz,+
,Recommended,211820,28856926,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,SpillProff,Starbound is a great game similar to Minecraft and Terraria. The style of the game is perfect and the gameplay is wonderful. One thing that isn't good is the cutscenes being long but they help the lore a lot.
,Recommended,211820,30116858,Posted: 23 February,all,CRISPY DANGERXGod xd,Still better than No man's sky
76561198178236322,Recommended,211820,30118690,Posted: 23 February,all,Tohka,"that's a very good game :)! But i have a problem... i had a human character and i cleared the story. But when i downloaded slime race from steam and started playing with it.... everything in the outpost ark was unlocked! All npcs were there, the ruin portal was active and Esther still gave me the beginning quest. Can someone explain to me why it's like that? If yes the pleeeeeeeaaaaaaaaaaaaaassssssssssseeeeeeeeeeeeee"
76561198125000769,Recommended,211820,30113775,Posted: 22 February,all,pervertedfox1,"starbound is a game that i would compare to endless sky with many differences the two major ones are its actually a good game the delivered on their promises and two its 2d side-scroller . its vast universe will keep you occupied for hours. i personally can beam down to a planet and explore just that one planet for several hours and not get bored. the procedurally generated monsters will consistently have you saying what in the f*** is that thing. it has a well crafted play at your own pace story that you can completely ignore once your ship is repaired. the active modding community will extend the game even further. the villages you find are filled with interesting loot weird weapons. the lore behind the races that are found in codices are well written and help expand upon the history of each race. and lastly due to its small game size (3Gb) and low system requirements, this game can run one even the most potato of computers making it available to nearly anyone with a pc mad within the past 8 years.TL;DR: 2D no mans sky done right. huge universe and planets to explore for hours. weird monsters. good story. villages with loot and weapons. active modding community. cool lore. can run on a potato."
,Recommended,211820,15388392,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Sesh Gremlin,GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,28536878,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Flehzy,"Starbound, its an experience. I beat the game in around 50 hours. This is one the best games I have ever played."
,Not Recommended,211820,13757026,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Talon,"Starbound is a spiritual successor to Terraria the 2D sandbox game largely based around a in depth crafting system and boss progression, It was a great success so obviously people were going to have high hopes for this game.Now the game itself to that point that is completed is ok. It didnt progess or change much since the original Terraria. Personally I thought it felt like a bit of a reskin whilst adding new worlds/planets. You spend a lot of time just walking around defeating monster after monster which gets very boring.The Art Style was very nice. It was crisp and polished if a bit unfinished but it still managed to seem original, The aliens standing out the most. They all looked different and were all random which was nice, instead of just copy and pasting the same monsters over and over again.Overall my opinion is that if they had consistently updated the game and added more content it would of been great, but as it stands it is mediocre and unfinished.6/10"
76561198019345057,Recommended,211820,10281389,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Nikelbag,"Game is good, wish there was playable sloth race. thats it."
,Recommended,211820,10094391,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Sphinxy,it gets really boring after u get the best armor dimond pick and knowing how to fix it up and beating all yhe bossesbut is is a really cool game but they just need to upated alot more bosses more chalingingbut a great game
76561197972736995,Recommended,211820,9958284,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Vitruvian Stick Figure,"This is amazing. This game encapsulates everything I love about Metroidvanias, Minecraft, and even a little of Skyrim. The generated universe is endless."
76561198113345181,Recommended,211820,14229435,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Emre Dangledick,This is the most beautiful 2-D sandbox game ever!
76561198072563201,Not Recommended,211820,15794367,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Akshka,can't find how to go down on walkways
76561198139258232,Not Recommended,211820,15780307,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,NoMercy,"THIS GAME IS A ♥♥♥♥ING RIP OFF!!! I PUT MY ITEMS IN THE STORAGE CONTAINERS TO TRANSFER THEM BETWEEN CHARACTERS, AND EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING ITEM IS GONE!!! I PUT EVERY SINGLE ♥♥♥♥ING THING I HAD IN THOSE CHESTS, AND NO THEY'VE ♥♥♥♥ING DISSAPEARED!!!"
,Recommended,211820,15520083,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Ananagrams,Landed on first planet and found corn. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,24470796,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,PAINAPPLE,I've waited 3 years for this game to come out.Am not dissapoint.
,Not Recommended,211820,11175951,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Doctor Dick,this game made my friend a bisexual furry with a tentacle fetishand now i hate himi am dead serious
76561198136374559,Recommended,211820,14363053,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Holy Firkin,Awesome Game
,Recommended,211820,15811884,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,dø̷nå̷ldö̷ ̶t̛r̸um͠pé,"I love this game, but it's hard to play when the game lags on my rig like I'm playing on a 10 year old laptop...Gameplay 10/10Optimization 0/10"
,Recommended,211820,24473401,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,NDFP,ooga booga mup do ditta gibs me dat
76561198039939102,Recommended,211820,30519963,Posted: 14 March,all,gav THE killa,"Apparently this game kinda went down the shizzer, but it was a beautiful experience for a long while in high school. Me and close friends loved to explore the planets and fuel our ship, sorta doing quests, sorta killing bosses, but really just having awesome, customizable 2D fun. This game was so much better than Terraria, and it's kinda sad the development took it down the drain.Ah well. Great times were had!"
,Recommended,211820,17757492,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,MrsLazyGeneral,"LOVE LOVE LOVE this game - however, it needs more missions and goals (and maybe a story line to understand the game?)Lots of hidden gems in this game, and there are a ton of different and fun mods out there for it to make it unique.  Got this to play with a group of friends and we spent a lot of time exploring, going through different areas, digging, crafting, and exploring, until we reached end game (no more missions, no more goals, nothing).  We tried a few mods, which kept us going for a while longer, until we hit end game again :)Over all it is a great game to play either solo or with friends."
76561198030836474,Recommended,211820,7995839,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Jibun,Great game minecraft and terraria starting to die out.
76561198073087644,Recommended,211820,8011022,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Digiquill,This game is a god and id Love to see how it turns out!!!!
76561197998724388,Recommended,211820,8011803,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Dr. Wiener Wagon,"Great game, goes deeper than terraria did."
,Recommended,211820,8985934,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Twist,way better than terraria espacially the character design i adore the character design
,Recommended,211820,7955635,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rob,Awesome game. Recomend it to anyone!
76561198075291761,Recommended,211820,7956228,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Claton Heath,Pretty good very stable all it really needs is more to do you can beat it in like a day it is worth 15 dollars for sure. Cant wait for more stuff to do and better servers.
,Recommended,211820,7918895,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,SmartWater,"Great game, money well spent."
76561198040959560,Recommended,211820,7920431,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Expellionas,"Very diverse, very intriquite, very good."
76561198028140842,Recommended,211820,7961372,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jumanji,"Excellent game, even in the Early access stage. Perfect for those who thought Terraria was always missing that little something to bringng closer to a true RPG, with Aliens, an spaceships. Spaceships FTW. Seriously, why don't you already own this game? Shut up and give them your money."
76561198071247852,Recommended,211820,7943399,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,#kony 2012 (hexblade),do your self a favor and buy dis gameeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee. its really fun and its only in beta
,Recommended,211820,7944136,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Telepath Vaginal,Absolutely Fantastic. First day I bought it I stayed up until 7am playing it without even realizing. Its 10:40 am now and im going to play it again.
76561198060695718,Recommended,211820,8285611,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Gummy Frupples,best game ever have to buy please oh please listen to me this game is like terraria but in space the trailler exsplains everything when you go in dont click on the open gl button to start click on launch starbound it will not be laggy if you click launch starbound remember dont chick the launch button that launches the game with open gl buy now so worth 15.00 dollors
,Recommended,211820,8547377,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,BiohaZard429,Pretty good. Just seems like a complete rip-off of Terraria. If you never played Terraria...this is a good one. Or you can just wait for Terraria 2. I mean this is exactly like Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,8550221,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Super,"Starbound. Well what can I say. A game full of adventure that is just waiting for you to jump in and explore. Featuring an infinite number of randomly generated planets, which are themselves filled with many secrets to discover such as catacombs, villages, science labs even airships. The list could go on forever. One of the many beauties of this game is that once I'm done with one planet, I can just move onto the next and so on, with every new planet being a brand new adventure. The game is in early access, but you wouldn't even know it because this game is as playable as the next. I am really looking forward to what else this game has in store for the future.9/10."
,Recommended,211820,8429902,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Danger Mahoney,"Starbound is not without its faults, but it is a nice little game.  If you liked Terraria then this is right up your alley.  Nice progression of technologies, interesting home-building and crafting, and a very nice little aesthetic.  It's definitely one of those ""just one more hour"" games.However, its content is severely limited at the moment, which is understandable since it is in beta.  There is no real difference between planets within the same biome; i.e. one forest planet is pretty much the same as every other forest planet.  Regardless of biome, planets all have pretty much the same subterranean layer.Also, at this point there are effectively only six different enemies - humanoid, robot, charging monster, jumping monster, shooting monster, and bird.  There are a few ""flavor"" enemies like the bouncing poo or wheelchair monkey, but those are rare enough to have no effect on the average variety of challenges in the game.In short, once you have played for around two hours you have exhausted its content.  Again, this thing is in beta, so we can still hope for more variety of gameplay in the future.  Other than its limited offerings, the game itself is extremely fun."
76561198048051405,Recommended,211820,8745130,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Stonejaw McGraw,Fun
,Recommended,211820,8785496,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Vonadi,"""Do you recommend this game?""♥♥♥♥. Yes.It's in BETA stage 1 and i'm finding this game to be an absolutely beautiful art piece. The music is glorious. The gameplay can be tedious, but is always entertaining, it is NOT a ""space copy of Terraria"".It mixes in small amounts of humor within the game, and let me just say you HAVE to read the journals you find. They're done well.Graphics are pixels, but that's the point, along with it being more detailed then Terraria and some other games. Gameplay is awesome, but rage-inducing at first. Just hope you get a good spawn planet.Armor design is awesome, the six (A seventh is coming, possibly more, but I doubt it) species have their own story and lore behind them, and the game is good for what it is.It IS worth every dollar spent, but please remember it is EARLY BETA. The bosses right now are easy and pretty lame, I find a better challenge with the actual hordes of monsters in each planet.But changing topic, one last good thing about the game, I've been playing for hours jumping to hundreds, yes, hundreds of planets and i'm still discovering new random events. (Random events being structures, chests, villages, etc.) It has so many structures and places to visit, along with every planet you join you have to adapt and identify. You see that monster with an♥♥♥♥♥♥for a face? (yes there are some of these) Is it going to make a farting sound, charge you, and shoot lightning? Or is it Docile? What about that weird fairy-bird thing? Will it shoot Air-blood at you? You have to learn the creatures that are randomly generated on the planet, then when you're done mining, leave to find more. Along with a large and growing biome selection, this game is a masterpiece with HUGE potential. I recommend this to everyone and might even consider giving this game a slot in my Top 10 games."
,Recommended,211820,8823505,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ATF_Aoshi Stark //,"If you enjoy open exploration and Minecraftian mechanics then this game is right for you. Everything that was awesome about Terraria has more or less carried over to this new project and has been multiplied 100 times. So fun, so enjoyable, sooo many late nights...Get this game!"
,Recommended,211820,8813835,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,noahthesaint,"Was left for dead after being attacked by a catbird,Ate a few bandages and I was ok.11/10 Would eat again!"
76561198123867671,Recommended,211820,8836258,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Logaton,"Starbound is an exceptional game filled with incredible amounts of detail and challenges! The game consists of hundreds of planets to explore and hundreds more items to acquire or create. The mobs in the game can be challenging opponents to keep the game interesting for those who crave action in games. The game contains many NPCs with different features that fasinates me personally every time. The one thing I must point out about the game is that at some point if you stay on a planet for a certain amount of time without returning to your ship I've experienced meteors falling from the sky and destroying everthing I create if I'm in the vicinity of it or, if hit by one, I'm 1-hit KO'd by a meteor. I found this to be unecessarily cruel due to the many times I've been forced to rebuild my homes! At other times the game is too easy seeing as if you die in the game you lose none of the gear you are holding at the time except for a small percentage of money. Also, being able to teleport back to your ship at all times seems to be to welcoming during challenging battles or when your character is freezing. However, these are but very small issues I personally have with the game and otherwise give it an8 out of 10"
,Recommended,211820,30062533,Posted: 20 February,all,Bottleneck,Hey guys! It's outta Early Access!Now you can stop ♥♥♥♥ing complaining!
,Not Recommended,211820,30049868,Posted: 19 February,all,J_DOGWOOF,It crashed alot for me
,Not Recommended,211820,7917698,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Misiek Koterski,Unfinished game
76561198083017901,Recommended,211820,8001750,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,hobbit,love it! so many things to do! so many planets to explore!
,Recommended,211820,31636846,Posted: 8 May,all,I Need Bepis,It's aight
76561198142533371,Recommended,211820,24507745,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Kekistani Squeaker (im on twitch,"wth this is a new realease? rip me, the squeaker who actually thought this was a fully released game the whole time.Actual review.I bought this a long time ago, trust me, long, I bought it around release man, and man, did I love it. I played lan with siblings, played multiplayer as a pirate being a comeplete jack as- i mean bad asimov who stole peeps crap and stole from their ship. I played single-player, where I mined new minerals, found floran worlds, opressive apes, and random huts with normal peeps in them. I made a huge underground city with people (No, not the new ones u know and loves and get gifts from, the ones where u craft them (not literally, but like made a spawner) and if u bi1ch slap one to get them outa the way the whole place wants u ded. A couple months ago I picked it up agian and saw all the new features like upgradeable ships, competent villagers, that one colloney thing world space place, and so much more. This really is one of the games that got me into sandbox. So I r8 this 8/8 and, in all (AE: impact on life, how i like it, how it affected me, ect) i would r8 9/10, its this good. The only better games are halo CE (The orginal halo game) and comand and conquer. WAIT A SEC, U SAID U WERE A SQUEAKER, BUT U SAYING OLD ASIMOV GAMES!!! Yea, thats cuz I like old things, old music, old games, old people, (aka yer mum) and other stuff."
76561198119615981,Recommended,211820,9460752,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,meebee70,"The game is amazing.  Thats all i need to say but like the game it goes soo much farther, the game could've just stopped at being a terrarria-esque game but it goes on to include space travel!  and even though the game is still being worked on there are very few bugs and none of them broke the game"
76561198132026392,Not Recommended,211820,19554294,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Anonomoosle,"It's a good game, with some good boss battles, but as soon as you finish the final boss (no spoilers), and you get to the fiery planet, it seems like there's nothing to do. There's building, but it's limited compared to other games. A great game, but quick to finish, limited, and in my opinion not worth the money.Thanks,~Anono.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,9975296,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,phukyes,"its a great game havent played in a while iv'e been waiting on a good update, the game is great i highly reccomend it however they dont update this game nearly as often as they should. i would suggest holding onto your money for a bit longer while they get things in order"
,Recommended,211820,31775515,Posted: 15 May,all,LordNopinger_IV,LEVIOSAAAAAAAAAA......
76561198109953878,Recommended,211820,17535779,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,plutoreos,fun I guess
,Recommended,211820,25454675,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,MÆX,This and Terraria are the best in this genre
76561198076510989,Not Recommended,211820,19937880,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,andysrgnt,"Was wanting to play multiplayer with some friends, this would be a great game for that. Unfortunately it's really not possible..."
,Not Recommended,211820,19962065,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DocileCraig,multiplayer feels like a lie when you need to find or pay for servers.
,Recommended,211820,19938595,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ZaptosIntolerant | cat,Multiplayer is eazy and fun to start. There are many cool things to explore!
,Recommended,211820,7947064,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,killbox,afther playing this on release it got some improvements
76561197970884788,Recommended,211820,8537501,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Sir Vesa,"I found a castle, killed everyone inside, and stole their solid gold toilet.10/10"
76561198073447307,Recommended,211820,20164316,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Jerry Ticklepickle,1 word JUST 1 WORD: epic. I give this game a solid 99/10
,Recommended,211820,25504555,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,xtiann9,"Awesome game. Really enjoy the exploration and sense of adventure. I try not to watch online videos of it since I want to discover everything in the game myself, but also always want to watch videos when I'm away from my computer. I never got into Minecraft or Terraria (didn't like the graphics)... but this game is my favourite right now. Just great and the price is right!"
,Recommended,211820,24745650,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,tableflip,best sandbox game ever must trylike to play online its easy to startgreat 10/10
,Recommended,211820,19956739,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Formlessnessence,"I play it because itreminds me of interstellar haha and its sale, Get it,Recommend it."
,Recommended,211820,19958001,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,FirinZ,Such a nice game to play....
76561198064401658,Recommended,211820,19951097,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Sekkonds Matter,Let me play as a 3 eyed alien 10/10
76561198087683226,Recommended,211820,8736491,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,jpybeans66,this game deservs your money even before you know about everyone should buy it for just the experience it delivers be it similar to terraria
,Recommended,211820,9146435,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,˙·٠≾ Ava Taylor ≿٠·˙,I luv it
,Recommended,211820,9155764,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Space Kadet,this is a great game.
,Recommended,211820,8843822,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Storm Pat,I was attacked by a hourd of killer bunnys. 11/10 would bang again.
76561198057694839,Recommended,211820,9404374,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mad Mork,Horse Mask! 10/10
,Recommended,211820,8444574,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,7000 Skeletons,ey b0ss buy dis game pls b0ss pls
,Recommended,211820,8658653,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mr.Big,the most beutifle trailer i saw
76561198110991563,Recommended,211820,21754909,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Boris Kaskapov,"You could think it will be just another sandbox/survival game, but don't be fooled!  I've been trying 2D sandbox games a lot recently and I think so far this is bound to be the best available.  And it's not even finished!  Most sandbox games lack motivation.  Even with survival games, where you have to fight and stay alive, after a while the fun gets lost because of the poimntless state you are in all the time.  not having anything to do is great, but having something to do is also good.This is where this game gets very different.  First, you have quests/missions/etc.  The first steps into the game are a series of tutorial quests that help you figure out what to do and how.  Can't say if there is an actual story since I didn't get to finish the game yet, but there are many RPG elements, NPCs, villages, mines and so on.Great take on the genre, I'd say it's a cross-over between Terraria and Starflight (the old PC/Amiga games).   Great old-school graphics, and action!"
76561198027191973,Recommended,211820,8294242,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Warca,TERARIA WITH A SCIFI TWIST INSTED OF MAGIC! EPIC! one of the best games in a long time!!
76561198341395186,Recommended,211820,31172990,Posted: 16 April,all,chargon,FUN IF YOU like races games
,Recommended,211820,28974238,Posted: 3 January,all,Scrubshark,"At first this game was utter trash. Bland boring, devoid of anything to do.I played it last summer and i really like what they made here i really do.Though it can use some more fine tuning.They turned it around for the most part.Recommended."
,Not Recommended,211820,17462036,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,gaydad,Feels like a grind. Not really fun.
,Recommended,211820,15393995,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,Desiloth,"I would totally reccomend this game to anyone that feels like doing something for the next few days, when I first got the game a friend and I just farmed right through it, 2 days straight almost, so therefore its highly addicting. But the reason I have so many little hours is because the game may seem very big and lots to explore, but in all those planets are all just repeats. Of course you can go for loot but you get the point. Also very gun with mods ;)Personal Rating-8.5/10"
,Recommended,211820,28294480,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,kyrlan|&︎⍓︎❒︎●︎♋,One of the BEST games I ever played. The gameplay is so cool that I played it in 3 days thrue. All in all was it good fun! :D-kyraln
76561198255831790,Recommended,211820,32355177,Posted: 11 June,all,Urbul gro-orkulg,An instant classic.
,Recommended,211820,32317831,Posted: 10 June,all,lemmy,It's No Man's Sky but good and 3D buy this at full price or at more than full price. These developers deserve every penny you own.
76561198176938018,Recommended,211820,15283892,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,HitlerDidNothingWrong,"I love this game, i have been playing starbound since the release date. I currently have 175 hours on this game, i know too much right? However in all honesty i love this game and now that the final release is finally here. Now that i have beaten it i am happy so, happy that this game finally got out of beta, has a good story, and an amazing ending. I even went out of my way to get 3 people i know to buy the game and have been playing it with them every once in a while. So as a final thanks to a game series that has made my time at home not boring at all, i will keep this game in my heart forever."
,Recommended,211820,25527375,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Newkey,12/10 Would pew pew without pants again!
,Recommended,211820,25231870,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,A Half-Eaten Sandwich,"2D No Man's sky, but has a ton more depth"
76561198236294480,Recommended,211820,25876324,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,jklambright74,"This game is great, bosses are great. favorite is bone dragon"
76561198213661059,Not Recommended,211820,29930803,Posted: 14 February,all,syph3r4,"Dude this game is far too hard starting out. I do not know what I am doing and it is unforgiving. I get to a place, die, and all my stuff gets left there. then I have a 70% chance of dying before I can even get to the place I previously died to retrieve my stuff. I understand it shouldn't be a walk through but really. Played for 62 minutes and maybe died 15 times.Really upset with this purchase so far, and not sure if I can see myself investing more time into it considering how frustrating this game is."
,Recommended,211820,26705482,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Tobi,it's ok
,Recommended,211820,21642880,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Lovkiy,"After the 1.3 update, i can't play my game with mods ._.) but i just gonna delete the game and install it again, anyway, keep doing good work! I love this game!"
,Recommended,211820,29795976,Posted: 8 February,all,ⱢƩḮƦƧA ƦƦǙṀƩƩƦḒ,"One of the best games I've played. Good graphics for it's type of game, a great storyline, and the expansiveness is great!"
76561198329896171,Recommended,211820,29877559,Posted: 12 February,all,kailenbrooks,This is the best game in my life! i Love it!!!
76561198048422196,Recommended,211820,28187683,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,zealovault,Cool game man.
,Recommended,211820,27677319,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Guimb,Really nice game. It remembers Terraria but with a espace exploration theme. If you a are a fan of construction games and espace exploration be sure to try it out.
,Recommended,211820,27739193,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SplitSimon,"good game even if it is quite addictive, only trouble is that when  they did a major build release i had to start again"
,Recommended,211820,27263128,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RegnartZ,"It really is an awesome game, a lot of exploration to make, and tons of guns to check out, truly one of my favorite games"
,Recommended,211820,29176484,Posted: 10 January,all,rip indefinately lol,Eh
,Recommended,211820,22327131,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Inhaledmocha,"I can't believe that I haven't ever put a review in for this game! Well I have a history with this game. I bought the game pretty close to when it launched. There was only one planet and the game was justsuper unbalanced. So I gave it a rest and let the game automatically update while it just sat in my library.But one day I decided to give it another shot and I absolutely loved it! It was pretty much the only game I played for a long time. So to keep a long review fairly short I'll say this. This game as it's coming out of early access is worth the money. The game play is fun (and just getting better), the dev team is always there to help and keeps the community updated in what is happening with the game. I've had a great time with this game and I think that a lot of people will too. I can't wait to see it leave early access!"
,Recommended,211820,22329458,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,シュヴィ™,Starbound is easily by far the best of it's kind. Highly recommend it if you like terraria.
76561198054798189,Recommended,211820,22333790,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Solaire Of Astora,Its good game but they could make it more easier to host server like in terraria.
,Recommended,211820,22311888,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,memyselfi31,"Beutiful game, has a lot of potential. I like it the way it is right now in early access, and can't wait to see the full game!"
76561198126650611,Recommended,211820,22314847,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,lemonhandgrenade,good game for people who have played terraria
76561198105038590,Recommended,211820,21933001,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,mad5lasher,A pretty good game a bit akward at the moment with how the menues are set up but not to difficult to over look.
76561198137655140,Recommended,211820,21933869,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Tucker,"Love this game. Great concept, great gameplay love it!!!! 10/10 :)"
,Recommended,211820,21588278,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Nkomi: The Great & Powerful,"At First I Had No Idea What The Controls Were, I Didn`t Know How To KIll Monsters, I Didn`t Know You Could Hurt Npcs And Many Other Things (I Guess?) And I Had Spawned In An Npc Camp =D Cool In My Opinion. Would I Recommend This Game: Yes! And I Mostly Recommend The 4-Pack Just Cause (3) I Rate This Game 9/10. I Removed A Point Cause In My Opinion The Controls Are Confusing =( And This Is One Of The Best Early Access Game In My Opinion So Yeah Annakin130 OUT!"
,Recommended,211820,21719804,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Popcorn,Great game!
,Recommended,211820,21721525,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,evosfgamn xd,"Lacking in content after a couple years of early access, good graphics for what it's going for, amazing soundtrack, great creative potential here."
,Recommended,211820,8374724,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr. R,"This is a highly detailed and massively expansive game that will take you hours just to scratch the surface. It IS Terraria in space, and that is an amazing thing. But, that's just the core concept, honestly it is SO much more than that. There are so many things to just explore and find, that if you love exploring and finding things in games, then this is a game for you.It's hard to believe this is all available for only $15. I don't know how you couldn't purchase this game, unless having fun isn't your type of thing. Okay that was a little harsh, I'm sure there's people out there who aren't a fan of open-world crafting games, and if that's the case, why are you even reading this review?"
,Recommended,211820,21727839,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,DUBLE SEO,I love this game :3
,Recommended,211820,20874690,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Morgasm420,Much better than Terraria. Perfect 10/10. In my opinion at least.
,Recommended,211820,8723365,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Callback Dog,Best game ever
,Recommended,211820,21240628,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Super Soviet Missile Master,"Now, some of my real, genuine, personal friends, who have coincidentally dissapeared, said this game is a terraria ripoff. This game is inspired by Terraria, as Terraria was inspired by Minecraft, which was inspired by Infiniminer, which was inspired by- look, you get the point.Now that's cleared up, and I have hopefully convinced you NOT to ignore this as a ripoff- indeed, as the first Steam game I purchased, (I got steam  for the SOLE purpose of buying this game) this is one I still play and am happy to see progress. Don't tell Chucklefish I said this- I don't want them getting rid of the Early Access sign- but this game could already give you more content and replayability that many of the games that have had a huge fuss over them in the market. Case in point, I left ARK: Survival Evolved, a brand-new,fresh-outta-the-box, USDA-approved time-waster, to play this game. Now, ARK is fine, but this is a STARBOUND review.Gameplay: Well, we've yet to hit the famed/dreaded 1.0 overhaul, though the nightly gives us an idea of what to expect, but Starbound's come a long way- when I started playing, there weren't upgradeable ships, crews, local multiplayer sessions, or teleportation spears.Yes, teleportation spears. And shield-generating/wall-building hammers. And villages you don't have to build. AND Randomly generated monsters. Oh, don't forget the outpost quests. and catching bugs. and playing as different races.I should stop- don't want Terraria to feel jealous.Sorry about all the rambling, I have a nasty habit of doing that.The first thing you do is create a character- there's quite a few races that makes fallout 4's character customsation cry out of jealousy- only because of how simple it is.You pick a race-Novakid: Think walking star people. Correction- Walking star cowboys.Hyotl: Japanese fish people.Floran: Walking plant people. Pretty barbaric, funniest race to play as.Human: Meatbags.Glitch: Walking robot people. They like the middle ages.Apex: MONKEY MEN!!!!!!There- think that's all.Pick one, you start with a damaged ship. After you repair it by mining crystals from near the core of the planet, the story ends. it's not very great yet, but hey- they've spent a ton of time on what they have already- I can't do better, can you?The real fun is exploring- right now I'm building an undersea base. Undersea. with radioactive poison water, and starting a village in a star system named... Kyro Ren.I sense it too.Like terraria, this is a very free game.Unlike terraria, it's a replayable game. For me, at least. I know I'm not the only gamer in the world.Like terraria, this game has a lot of weapons, and villages. But these weapons are much better, and you will find that there's more. No longer shall you be searching for that one special spar that shoots *gasp* water. you'll have found a dozen spears that can do stuff you've never thought of before. Making plasma walls, teleportation, shooting fire, shooting poison, shooting smaller spears. And then there's whatever the mods have made of it, though I don't use them.I would LOVE to add more, but I want to wait and see what the Devs have made of it. This is a grand game with enourmous potential. As long as it does not go the way of the SW Battlefront, this could break a few records.Also, for those of you who think this is a terraria ripoff, I present Terraria: Otherworld. boom."
,Recommended,211820,10322355,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Smashy-Tea,"This game is amazing! You can say this is a rip-off of Terraria (and they said Terraria was a rip-off of Minecraft, YAY HUMANS) but it is so much beter! In Terraria you can go from corner to corner on not even a full planet, in Starbound you go corner to corner of the UNIVERSE. Infinite fun, infinite things to do, and it's not completed yet so much, much more to come. Don't even bother waiting for the full thing to come out, it's already better than a lot of AAA games, which says quite a bit."
76561198135040573,Recommended,211820,15582291,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Lu,"Great game, However still in beta so expect bugs. and I mean. A lot of bugs."
,Recommended,211820,7936467,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Justin,If you enjoyed Terraria you'll enjoy this game. It's pretty much a very large content update to that game and features a lot of the same mechanics.
,Recommended,211820,9672924,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Doodlez,"This game gave me one exact possibility I always wanted — endless travelling through randomly generated worlds. Each planet I board is surprising me — most of them have unqiue pre-designed locations like Apex lab, or pirate ship, or Avian village, or... It's  nice to discover such small presents :)Starboundis very addictive and fun to play, so I definitely recommend this game to anyone!"
76561198028004126,Recommended,211820,24463559,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Meowfurion (Marty),"I wish I could just do a ""thumb sideways.""  It's like Terraria, but less ""Fun"" i guess? And some of it is really silly (the whole penguin stuff........*eyeroll*).  They JUSt added ""magic"" to the game, but getting it is a huge chore (not that I mind doing work mind you).  Some of the crafting is unecessarily convoluted (needing this anvil, then this other anvil, oh and this OTHER anvil, also this table, and this upgraded table, and THAT upgraded anvil). Overall I would rate it a 6 on a 1 to 10 (Terraria is a 9/10)."
,Recommended,211820,8001759,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Kick The Dragon,This game is absolutely phenomenal!  It deserves the soundtrack purchase as well.
,Recommended,211820,23710114,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,miks,Gr8 game...
76561198041261282,Recommended,211820,19995948,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Bunta Fujiwara,"Literally just space terraria with more items and optimizations, if you liked terarria and space you'll like this."
76561198147336044,Recommended,211820,24465841,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,YinDaGr8,"Great game. I love this game for it's originality and it's gigantic and stunning worlds. You can explorer, craft and create usings many different materials, you also can personalize your own ship."
,Recommended,211820,8126064,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Tenqu,Yes
76561198047314351,Not Recommended,211820,17704633,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Puff Puff,"Because for some reason there are a lot of positive reviews, i need to say thatThis game is more than 2 years in Early Access, updates are coming out once per HALF A YEAR or so! This is an iconic example of how devs can abuse this system. Every update means that they can rework some certain mechanics withinn the game, maybe even some new content. God, just get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together people and finish it. You are actually playing BETA version of the game for 2 years!2 Years and i cannot get a refund. By playing this game from time to time i just got bored and stopped, for 2 years you are getting enough of this♥♥♥♥♥♥Do not encourage devs to make 2 years EA games, or you will get more broken games, like Batman and AC!"
76561198159487899,Recommended,211820,24472173,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Caillou,"I have had starbound sense the verry start, and i have loved every second of it"
76561198177768710,Recommended,211820,24472267,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Brooks,It's HELLa fun!
76561197975934466,Recommended,211820,24465875,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,mortran,And now... We play....
76561198370987490,Recommended,211820,32258980,Posted: 7 June,all,AbyYsS_DeMuS,"aye dood so i highly recommend starbound , but trust me , dont put mods . they just screwed my game ..."
,Recommended,211820,17963769,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Meth or Mexico,Even Windows updates more frequently than this game does...... (though it just did)
76561198107465747,Recommended,211820,17946870,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Khy,Best Game EU
76561198090734328,Recommended,211820,18000607,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Hnthavn,"Fatal Exception caught: (DBException) Error, incorrect index block signature........... WHAT...... HOW DO I FIX THIS????"
76561198146186898,Recommended,211820,17451201,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,TheGoldenWhale,its not for every one but i love it too bad i cant play it enymore cus now i have a mac
76561198089114866,Recommended,211820,17634114,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,steggy23,"This is an early access review.Starbound is a game thats starts you out in a wrecked ship in the orbit of an unknown planet. Most of the ships systems are broken, but that can be fixed. You quickly begin exploring on the planet below, trying too find resources and special core shards that you need to repair your ship.The best thing I have noticed in this game is the RNG. The game generates an infinite universe for you to explore, with a handy bookmarking tool so you can return to planets you liked. The monsters are formed from individual base creatures, and colored to match the environment they live in. Then, random limbs and abilities are added, like spider legs, poison breath, or even a multitude of eyes. I have found many a fish-puking armadillo, for example. The weapons that you cna find are also random, so you might get a machine pistol grenade launcher.The audio definitley needs some work. The music is somewhat bland and never matches the environment you are exploring. The sounds that are used are somewhat repetative, and I have noticed that fire makes a peculiar snorting sound when it goes out.Combat is generally somewhat linear with its limited options, but different kinds of weapons tend to make up for that.I have seen many negative reviews remarking on the fact that development has been painfully slow. However, the developers have recently picked up their pace, and are becoming more focused on one feature at a time so that they actually get things done.Overall, I would give this game an early accessrating of:  8/10"
76561198070261223,Recommended,211820,17955721,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,UndertaleWeeaboo,"So, obviously with the release of 1.0 I'm going to be re-writing my review along with everyone else. Enjoy! Or don't. You have free will.With the release of 1.0, as you can read with almost every other review, there's lots of ups and down with the update, and I'm not gonna lie, it's suffered a bit. I still, however, find it an incredibly fun game with less and more than was in the early access game.Pros- More, better looking cosmetic items- No longer needing to follow the main storyline to progress to different planets.- A coherent storyline as opposed to the various odd jobs you'd do around the outpost- More blocks that were previously unobtainable/obtainable through destroying them are now craftable- Crew members- Steam Worshop- Achievements! (If you're into that)- Survival mode (As a roleplayer, I love this!)- Fleshed out objects, art, items, etc.- Bugs are fixed pretty fast- Exploration is still really funCons- Story is rather cliche, not very imaginative- Novakids are pretty much just ""there"". No villages, no missions, no furniture, only some rare colonists if you build your own colony- Ocean worlds are still a ♥♥♥♥♥ to explore- Vehicles are pretty much useless, save for the hoverbike when it comes to underwater exploration, though the strobe light it has is annoying- Progression to the next main storyline mission is incredibly annoying and arduous- Racial weapons are no longer a thing, for some reason- Getting furniture is a pain, as most racial furniture can only be found in villages and not bought- FPS issues- Shared universes (meaning progress you make on one character is shared with another)- Bosses are either no challange at all or ridiculously hard (Looking at you, Big Ape)tl;dr Great game if you're looking for a game to just wander around in, not so much if you're looking for a story heavy game."
,Recommended,211820,17973695,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,catmop852,This game is amazing even tho its only in early access keep it going guys! :D soon when this game is released its gunna be amazing i cant wait for more updates!
,Recommended,211820,17991990,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,KEVIN MEXICAN HEAVEN,u shod get it... have fun.... ya.
76561198195263250,Recommended,211820,17997937,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,DerpyxNarwhal,Starbound is fuun
,Recommended,211820,18008615,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,PotatoBoobie,This game is the best choice for all u guys who like the giant open world game :D
76561198169935483,Recommended,211820,32645036,Posted: 22 June,all,shanered,:)
,Recommended,211820,9778893,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,easy,Soo Good
76561198088714327,Recommended,211820,8440138,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Duckfire,SPAAAAAAAAAAAAACE       [(  O  )]
76561198074160867,Recommended,211820,8827040,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,ryels1983,i played this game till my eyes bled little cubes of rock and sand.i hope for more content in the future.
,Recommended,211820,32779979,Posted: 25 June,all,Dutch,"Newest updates have brought this game full circle into what it was imagined to be, and it is truly the best space game I've played, aside from No Man's Sky."
,Recommended,211820,32720905,Posted: 24 June,all,Prelle,The best game!
,Recommended,211820,8110220,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,I Nurture My Skin,"It's Terraria; IN SPACE! An amazing amount of animals and planets and, everything! This is only beta too! Go grab your wallet and throw your money at these developers!"
76561198137903391,Recommended,211820,28835051,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Ticklebottom,THis Game is a really good game. No problems (at least that i havent seen) in this game.
,Recommended,211820,32413030,Posted: 14 June,all,The Great Autismo,AMAZING.... Just Amazing. Like Terraria and What No Mans Sky was meant to be combined
76561198273690154,Recommended,211820,32413750,Posted: 14 June,all,Ridercus,Very good game
,Recommended,211820,25259905,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Scp-999,Best 2D space games i ever played (sorry if my spelling is bad) 8/10and i love the workshop tham added is batter than going to a weband downloading itcontrol i give a 10/10workshop i give a 7/10i realy Recommend this game if you love playing space games!and i got some idea for the game:creative mode and add it so cant join server and have the stuff you use creative mode to get =D but that just a ideaand love the game!
,Recommended,211820,26023569,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,1969 ford f100,good gaam
,Recommended,211820,26016066,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Jhin,yes and all the people who do not recommend it should stop ♥♥♥♥♥ingrun it down
,Recommended,211820,8742111,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,GBdude,Dis game awesome and it's actually quite different from terraria!
76561198232489732,Recommended,211820,33412914,Posted: 9 July,all,HalfExoticKiwi,"This Is better than No Mans Sky, Terraria, and alot of other games I have played in the past, I highly Recommend this game to anyone who thinks they like terraria or any other 2D sandbox games."
76561197988108741,Recommended,211820,17740254,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,[LL4G]Hydranium,"was one of my favourite games, the frustrating thing with this is that every time i want to play it i have to uninstall and reinstall it several times before it will actually work, when it does load up it is very much enjoyable"
76561198066885867,Recommended,211820,20016064,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Grydden,"500 hours in, running out of stuff to build, help me."
76561198133856713,Recommended,211820,20020195,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Jack,"AMAZING, This game has everything you could want in a sidescroller, crafting, fighting, exploring, and many more. It is open world and there are millions of planets to explore! I would recomend this to anyone who likes!"
,Recommended,211820,8408524,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,HYPERDEATH CUTIE,This game may be in alpha but I love playing it. Fuel is hard to find (in my opinion). The fighting has a large knockback (on some weapons which I find hilarious hefflafpelu). I hope they release the soundtrack because oh my God...(V. Angry Koala)
76561198063195919,Recommended,211820,8558487,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Izarorav,it's Awesome i love traveling trough space and killing most of the inabitants
,Recommended,211820,33569590,Posted: 15 July,all,Rice,"Starbound is a Terraria-like (Yup, just like Metroid-Vania now) Side Scroller RPG Survival Crafting Base Building game. IN SPACE! Seriously, I played Over 100 hours in Terraria and I was told that This was The Next Best thing and it really is like this has become My Favorite game to play. Just recently getting back into it and can't wait for my Next Visit to the Moon.Pick this game up. It will not Dissapoint."
76561198129463272,Recommended,211820,33111121,Posted: 1 July,all,PRO_GrAMmER,Nothing to say.This is a cool game :D
,Recommended,211820,31886935,Posted: 21 May,all,Jeff Kaplan,"One of my favorite games, if not my number one. I've spent ~300 hours playing and have been playing since beta. I've had many adventures from fighting a pirate-penguin to saving the world. The music is amazing and gameplay is great, and has lots of replay value. There are infinite things to do from building a giant house to exploring planets. I'll never forget the memories made playing with my friends.What do you do once you've played through Starbound 20 times? You get mods, of course! Mods cancompletelychamge your experience, from adding races to the stock 7, to adding a completely new UI, new enemies, or even new abilities like rewinding time!This game is an unforgettable experience and I would definitely reccomend it to any gamer, casual or competitive."
,Recommended,211820,24479672,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,H U N T E R,Youll never run out of creative things to discover with this game.
76561198283084681,Recommended,211820,33535299,Posted: 14 July,all,Oppai-Man,Great Game.
,Recommended,211820,24464529,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,JDocky,"The most fun you can have, with your pants on."
76561198159081912,Recommended,211820,24646684,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,jin12369,"-starts game-some kind of holographic orange face tells me to wake up cause Im late to my graduation-ignores him cause I dont care♥♥♥♥♥♥and that's what most people do to alarm clocks, isnt it?-finally gets up, said face tells me I can interact with stuff by pushing E while hovering my mouse over it-utilizes newfound knowledge to get back into bed and sleep some more-gets up after a long nap, tries to see if one can sleep in somebody elses bed-sleeps some more in some random guy's bed next to mine10/10"
,Recommended,211820,14565332,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sad Android,"Great ambience music, Beautiful space sceneary, Great for roleplaying and it allows you to be creative through the universe9.6/10 would space again"
76561197982067351,Not Recommended,211820,9168357,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,DarkiLordito,"Really fun base building with plenty of decoration options, and really boring everything else. Planets are not really varied, you'll probably find the same structures on the same types of planets without much variety. The ''find 5 artifacts of different races'' quests are really, really badly designed. Not all planets have the artifacts, and the ones who do might not have them all. So you can go to three different planets looking for a single artifact. The combat is also incredibly flawed. You don't have a lot of room to avoid damage, and dealing it is mostly holding M1."
,Recommended,211820,24662887,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ScreaminBoBian,Starbound is a great game. It has good quests and fun side quests. The best experience is with a friend and with mods. The came comes with way more stuff with mods included so I highly reccomend that.9/10Amazing ExperienceRecommend to Terraria players and people who love space
76561198137107911,Recommended,211820,20593422,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Dubby98,Star bound is a realy REALY great game to play. Its kinda hard to figure out the server things tho...Hope you guys enjoy the game X3-Dubstep
,Recommended,211820,28297342,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,груша,"Отличная игра, с прекрасной атмосферой, сюжетом, крафтом, мобами, планетами и т.д . Мне, если честено, эта игра нравится больше, чем Terraria. Советую всем!"
,Recommended,211820,8981090,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Booster Rooster,Beaufiful...
76561198202116966,Recommended,211820,28194698,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Jc4502,I love this game so much there is no end to it. you beat the story? go to the modding page. think you have seen it all you havent they are always adding new stuff. i have played this game since the beta and i never got tired of it. i always came back i was estatic when they updated i was so happy when it was finally released a lot of people say its like minecraft and terraria but personally i love it way more and there is just so much more to the game then all the others
76561198312616147,Recommended,211820,28196472,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Oswald3,This game is very good if you enjoy open sandboxes that are not too easy but not too hard either.
76561198276928663,Recommended,211820,33068289,Posted: 30 June,all,TheDankBear,Better Terraria
,Recommended,211820,18228340,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Uncle Lary,"This is an awesome game, WISH there were more bosses :D"
76561198043028011,Recommended,211820,26765321,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,10/10 would buy this again!.. and again!And again!
76561198190139814,Recommended,211820,19375171,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,LordFarquaad,"Great game, wish it would be updated but for early access its good"
76561198084954732,Recommended,211820,24664375,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,heavyhander,"Bought this game last week. I have been following it for years because Terraria was one of my favorite titles.For $15 Starbound delivers. There's a nice single player campaign that gives you reason to hunt and harvest and explore. I found it over all too quickly. By the time I arrived at the last boss, I still had so much to build and do, but I was happy to end it before getting bored.This is Terraria in space. There is more structure and direction, but that's basically the gist of it. Where this game excels greater than Terraria is in travel and exploration. Teleportation becomes available rather early, and it is very fun to explore the universe with your space ship, finding the various treasures on planets across different star systems.So in the end you are left with tons of loot, exploration and weapons!But all is not perfect. Starbound suffers from some weird glitches, especially weird full-screen cursor glitches that really interfere with aiming. In fact, that there is no gampad support for this title has been frustrating. There is also not enough incentive to build structures like a base. You are given an upgradable ship that is really the most practical solution for a base. Unfortunately it's not very interesting, and lacks customization compared to building your own structures.But for 15$ totally worth it, and I can only hope it gets lots of updates!"
76561198126041738,Recommended,211820,18483138,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,foxceast,one of my favorite games. I have would recomend anyone who likes 2d adventure games would like this.
,Recommended,211820,18486196,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Skeletal Shaman,"Early Access 2k15It's like a fantasy version of Terraria, but with it's own identity.It's a fun game that sparks imagination.Despite being early access, there's mods avaliable.There's also a nightly and a stable download for you to play on!8/10"
,Recommended,211820,18487275,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,9|-|057|-|0U|\|D,"An amazing game.  If you haven't played it yet, then you must!!!"
,Recommended,211820,24665210,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,DerRedHead,"It's awesome!Don't try to build a base, you will never be content with your work and thus build bigger, better and even bigger until you die."
76561198083052090,Recommended,211820,18482465,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr Cow,"Fun for about 20hours, worth it."
,Recommended,211820,30674586,Posted: 22 March,all,Multivac,"It's like Terraria but in space, and is fun."
,Recommended,211820,20515771,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,~Kuma~,This game has a very interesting art style 0.o
76561198143073450,Recommended,211820,20515604,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Quantum Nitro,Best. Game. 2017.
76561198160320182,Recommended,211820,24483126,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Violane,Does anybody know how to fix the openGL problem? Or do you need it to play now? Because I don't have it.
76561198079475057,Recommended,211820,8272559,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Luck Bisquick,*Updated review*Wow this game is really moving along. I have enjoyed all the updates they have released so far but they just added colonies and I need to go do that so see you in game (or not)(or yes because this game is ducking amazing and if you think its not 1v1 me cod rust/quickscopes only newb)
,Recommended,211820,28437703,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,NINJA OF THE TUNA!,good game really like
,Recommended,211820,9208155,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,IIIStrife,"Starbound is a game that, even in it's current alpha/beta state, far surpasses any game of similar genre and viewpoint/angle/perspective.When starting off you get this cool Omni-tool called the matter manipulator. It is basically a multi-tool in the pure essence of what the best end-game tool should be for virtually ALL games. Sadly this tool sucks, but you need it to place items of any kind, even blocks.There's tons of enemies, there's bosses, other NPCs and with multiplayer, there's other people too. You can kill any of them and friend only the NPCs and Players ofcourse.This game is pretty big if you don't leave the planet, which is usualy of a medium to small size. But leaving the planet, you have a variable number of planets in the same solar system. Getting out of hte solar system, you get to what could be called the Galaxy Map. This map is practically infinite. Then there's even other Sectors, which scale in difficulty, but also in the adundance of ores, enemies and rare items.You can craft armor, use it as an item or a vanity item, there's items you can buy or craft just for show. The world is basically yours for the altering, but if you wish to control it, like in other games, you must basically work at it.The soundtrack is rather nice and i find the entire thing loops.There is a Night/Day cycle."
76561198310217972,Recommended,211820,24852724,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,sebahob,super fun to play with friends
76561198243619672,Recommended,211820,28766648,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,E-bar,AWESOMELY AMAZING GMAE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,211820,24802721,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cool Guy,10/10 - You can throw gnomes.  Enough said.
76561198067624143,Recommended,211820,28054730,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tony the Prawn,Is good
,Recommended,211820,26828125,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BFrobber but scary or sometin,"Outstanding soundtrack, good graphics, endless space to explore. Starbound is a really casual game and a good one to play with friends."
,Recommended,211820,16933434,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Simon,With a nearly infinite amount of stuff to build on and the huge community (Plus the ctrls) Itsa great game and u should get it!
,Recommended,211820,24600060,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,][/\/\0D][ Maguro,"Main quest short and repetitive; side-quests repetitive and dull; Boss fights simple after learning their patterns of attack, but interesting on a few selections - spike ball wins against all! Slow to start; difficult without prior knowledge.Those were the downfalls I encountered with the game.Unique weapons and abilities; m. manipulator useful for anything creative; ship customization limited by expansion, but molds to your imagination; ally AI is impressive when harmful liquids aren't present; codex saves space; techs are intuitive and useful - limited customization, but varied slots allow different combinations; EPP is amazing when fully upgraded; massive galaxy design means no two worlds are alike; challenge rooms are great for gathering extra weapons and tools.Those where what I had fun with, in spite of those downfalls.So if you're interested in just the exploration of the game itself, you can easily ignore the main story AFTER the first required mission deployment, and not miss much after getting the best gear and weapons available. If you enjoy voxel-based games such as Terraria, Edge of Space, or others, this is worth $15."
,Not Recommended,211820,30088554,Posted: 21 February,all,Cheshire,"Honestly this is really not my taste , to slow and sluggisch."
76561198137309785,Recommended,211820,33621426,Posted: 17 July,all,YAMMI☯KAT,👍
76561198072813807,Not Recommended,211820,28851833,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,[COG] Pvt. Conner Callahan,"Don't install mods. I tried and the game crashes no matter what i do. Disable the steam overlay, restart my computer, verify my game cache, uninstall and reinstall, uninstall, restart computer, and reinstall, restart, nothing works. Unless I get help, this review will stay as a negative review."
,Recommended,211820,8490472,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Dirgaby,"This really is a VERY amazing game! I've played it so long already and it just never gets old. This is going to be a great game when it's completed! It already amazing, I can't even imagine how it could be improved! It has an incredible soundtrack, lots of amazing mechanics (for example, the temperature bar) and the planet exploration is AMAZING! The feeling of reaching a new planet is so cool, where you don't know anything about what's there, and anything can happen. I definitely recommend this epic game!"
,Recommended,211820,7937123,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,beebo,Starbound > Terraria > Minecraft
,Recommended,211820,9233550,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Bobo,"If you want the Terraria formula in space, then this is your game. The game is very much in an early state, but is very playable. Most features are in the game, but are no were close to finished. This does not subtract  from the enjoyment of the game, but it hinders some progression."
76561198006697486,Recommended,211820,14258404,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,john_d_hague,"Post Patch Review:Ok the new patch has been out a good few days now and like many of you I had been waiting and waiting for it to hit stable.So my thoughts are umm no please stop sending me deep underground getting core fragments, ore being miles below ground and sigh more digging quests before I get anywhere. Its moved more towards Terrarias underground gameplay rather than away from it. I wanted to explore planets and sure they added new biospheres and weather but in order to prgress you spend all your time digging deep underground (which looks the same on every planet) to get materials. At least before I could get a load of coal on a planet surface and instantly jump from planet to planet looking for ones with towns or temples to attack/plunder. Now I have to spend the first 3-4 hours on one planet mining my way to the core and then another 6 hours in a tiny star system looking for some other crystals and oil.Also anyone else find the combat worse? Things just run through me and surely I should be able to fight with a one hand weapon and shield at same time....I'll keep messing with Starbound but it has sort of lost a bit of its sandbox universe fun at the moment and only gained a very dull still basic quest system. I'd still recommend it with a warning that you have to spend 10hours on each new character to get to the fun sandbox part of the game."
76561198032006515,Recommended,211820,14314340,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Lone Wolph,"Awesome game. Addictive. I wasn't big on Terraria or Minecraft, but I really like this one."
76561198101413688,Recommended,211820,16743205,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Bombax13,It has it's faults but overall it's fun
,Recommended,211820,9438384,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Dead Esc,Thisss game isss all about ssstabbing. Exploring ssspace.
,Recommended,211820,7999785,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Caydln,"So guess what finally worked, and guess what amazingly fun?...Starbound...duh!"
76561198105224632,Not Recommended,211820,28013074,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Shadi,"Would love to reccomend this game but it ♥♥♥♥ed my save after it randomly crashed. Many people encountered the same issues and it's pretty much unfixable, otherwise its terraria x10. What No Man's Sky shoulda been."
,Recommended,211820,8087414,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Clephiro,This game is just amazing. Completely and totally amazing.
76561197986239463,Recommended,211820,33700023,Posted: 21 July,all,FOXX若い☹狐,Everything you wanted in an open-space sci-fi game. With a plethera of mods to complete the experience.
76561198318642996,Recommended,211820,33700228,Posted: 21 July,all,Death2,I LIKE DIS GAME
,Recommended,211820,9126644,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Wulfie,BEST GAME EVAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198101240560,Recommended,211820,33495878,Posted: 12 July,all,chatteZ.EXE,a really nice game to just waste time on when there's no wifi
76561198137225181,Recommended,211820,33525068,Posted: 13 July,all,PyrotechnicParakeet,How do I type a review?
,Recommended,211820,25082053,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,WolfStar,"Now that Starbound is released I've played through it again and it's worth the price it's selling for.  It's not a great game, but it's worth the money.  The game doesn't really seem to excel in any one area.  I like the hunger thing and growing food, but food doesn't stack, making it a pain to be a farmer.  The buffs from food don't last long, so they're easily ignored.  I only ever went to my home base to make food and to craft things.  Beyond that it served no purpose and we had chests randomly strewn about on the surface of the planet.  You can buy a colony deed to bring an NPC to your base, like a guard...which is utterly pointless as there's nothing to guard against.  Combat is extremely simplistic, as is healing.  The bosses are interesting, but short, and the simple combat (player side) kinda ruins the affair).  The procedural generation of planets turns the whole game into a very lifeless affair.  Even the different settlements end up feeling soulless because you'll encounter a whole lot of them, which starts to turn the game from feeling alive into the player recognizing the patterns of the algorithm.All in all, the game made me appreciate Terraria and other adventure games that don't rely as much on procedural generation.  The game doesn't impart a sense of exploration as there's never really any danger.  I died once in my entire playthrough.  Nor are there cool things to find.  You can find more settlements or dungeons, filled with a few hostile people, and you mindlessly loot all the chests and boxes therein.  Exploration needs not only a sense of purpose but also for the place being explored to instill a sense of wonder.  Hiking the Rocky Mountains in Arizona leaves you breathless with the sights.  Exploring any city in Morrowind is a chance to uncover the deep complexities of the culture within and the interactions amongst the local residents.  Exploring a new planet in Starbound consists of one of two things:1. For the first half, you warp in, dig and mine, warp out.2. For the second half, you warp in, run endlessly across the surface until you find the settlement type you need, scan things that are green until a bar fills up, warp up.It's more akin to knocking things off a checklist.For all my complaints, however, it's only $15, and for that, it's worth experiencing.  Love it or hate it, the devs still tried to do something different and I felt my time was worth spent expericing it once.  I won't be playing Starbound again, as it made me yearn for the permanence of my base in Terraria where the NPCs actually do something and the combat is fun."
,Recommended,211820,25074353,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Wex (Rony),"Brilliant and well worth the wait, im just beggining to explore the complete universe of starbound and its really overwhelming already. awesome purchase for just 15 that will result in about 150+ hours if not more"
,Recommended,211820,25081879,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Shregma力,make it longer and harder
,Recommended,211820,25082152,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,oggeymoggel,"This game is an apex, a pinnacle in current exploration simulation. It has a crafting and mining system; survival, hunter-gatherer, agrarian and aggressive aspects; slightly more than two dimensions; crop cultivation; cultural appropriation; blatant plants vs fish racism; technology and upgrades; a story mode that is far from bad or boring; just loads and loads of content. The combat is good, and difficulty is scalable.Be careful not to fall in to a death spiral, pack a lunch at the least, and always bring your light sources with you."
76561198102090778,Recommended,211820,25082252,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,LastDragon,"Great game, incredible amounts of fun10/10"
,Recommended,211820,25073088,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Tam,this game is so big i doubt anyone can fully finish the game and find every recourse to find and everything to build.this game has almost infinite planets kinda like no man's sky.the game has a few bugs here and there but other than that the game is really good.the game is so exciting that i take breaks just so i can get excited to play more.there are some weird fps drops and i hate that if you join someone the saves belong to him so unless you are playing with him (you joined him) the saves wont go to you so you wont be able to go to places that you have been with your freind such asan outpost or the starter planet or even a flag (something you use to teleport to a planet).i really dont want to spoil more but you really should get the game!10 times more exciting to play with a freind or 2 (max 4 i think)
76561198061832286,Recommended,211820,8985105,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Noxen,Diz geme iz very gud
76561198051236773,Recommended,211820,17741456,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,-[FF]- no ways,this game reminds me of terraria but harder
76561198024621742,Recommended,211820,17741504,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,goldfang,its pretty good game you guys. except i dont know when to start a new game cuz most big♥♥♥♥♥updates cause your character to get deleted
76561198022897570,Recommended,211820,17741582,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,stancho,"game is good, too bad its in early access for such a long time... hope they will finish it."
76561198259942187,Recommended,211820,20574523,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Waterotter205,The best game ever!!! so interesting and complex the game play is absolutely wonderful!!! :D
76561198001346271,Recommended,211820,25396940,"Posted: 7 September, 2016",all,Snarkles,"An incredible procedurally generated universe to explore and craft in that does not feel procedural even 20 hours in. This game was obviously made with lots of love and attention to detail. I could sink years into it.If you're into Terraria/Minecraft but always wish it had a bit more story, structure, and a sci-fi theme, this is now your game. Hands down.Some gripes:- Inventory management and UI is clunky, very mouse-heavy game- The game is technically demanding (at least for me), you will want to see if your rig can handle it- Combat can feel clunky as a result of this (ie, switching to healing items, then switching back)- Movement controls for special abilities (ie, double-tap to dash) are very clunky, took about 20 tries to beat the dash tutorial mission- No controller support- Single-player can lag a bit due to the inheirit multiplayer support of the engine- Early game tutorial is lacking. There are lots of concepts and details that could be better explained. When you get really into it you'll be reading up on the wiki"
,Recommended,211820,29773589,Posted: 7 February,all,AlmostKritical,"Great game, it plays smoothly and it's story is rich with lore."
,Recommended,211820,33167329,Posted: 2 July,all,Roose 🅱,terraria better
76561197971748887,Recommended,211820,7987727,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Ty_The_Tiler,"If Terraria was awesome on one planet, imagine what it's like with a galaxy full of them. So don't fall in love with your first home planet though, the stars await."
76561198193690741,Recommended,211820,29152544,Posted: 9 January,all,Umaru Chan,"First i must say. This game is perfect and, this game one of my favorite.I just play in this game, reach many thinks, build perfect base, and in one perfect day all what i reach has been destroed!my general save just mised...developers... if you reading this please in new update add cloud saves. not just for me, for everyone."
,Recommended,211820,32692813,Posted: 23 June,all,Sr. White,"very good, a lot of posibilities"
76561198057201151,Recommended,211820,32687730,Posted: 23 June,all,Crimson,"i luv it a lot, has a bunch of space. its pretty cool."
76561198147862820,Recommended,211820,32692766,Posted: 23 June,all,Flylikeapear SuperiorServers.co,"So i purchased starbound WAYYY back, before it really exploded on youtube. I played the game when the OG mechs were in the game and i have loved this beautiful game for years, along with seing it grow. I can only say this about a few games, but i really feel like a part of this game. I have played with mods, without them. Messed about in admin creating planet sized colonies and defeated certain tentacle monsters of the same proportion in singleplayer. I have had dozens of hours of fun with my friends in multiplayer, leveling up my pets (when that was a thing) and fighting over hats, raiding dungeons and completing challenge rooms. Starbound is a game you REALLY have to play, one i would strongly reccomend, if you have friends to play with or not. Casuals and Vets alike can enjoy Starbound and i salute it for its advanced simplicity.For you skrubs that really need a defining rating for this simplistic masterpiecei would be lying to myself if i didnt say 11/10."
76561198159427058,Recommended,211820,34744973,Posted: 4 September,all,lukajc029,Awesome.
,Recommended,211820,17746773,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Knight890,"Let me keep this short and sweet, Starbound is a solid sci-fi twist on the sandbox/survival genre. Out of all of the games in early access, this game feels the most complete"
76561198148514790,Recommended,211820,24480152,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,3D 2D,This game is amazing as you can see i have had it for a while. there used to be this annoying thing called servers but now you can just join your friends game whenever you want its truly the best game.
,Recommended,211820,7928845,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,hyeLite,"amazingly fun, endless stuff and its still very early beta.."
,Not Recommended,211820,26349315,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Squirmy,"If you didn't like Terraria, you probably won't like this game either. I bought this game because of rave reviews, but I never liked Terraria -- and the same problems I had with that game apply here. If you do like Terraria, you'll probably like this one!"
,Recommended,211820,7926762,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,murdamurdakillkill,"This game is endless and enjoying.Once you launch it, it will be hard not to play it again."
,Recommended,211820,8076318,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,pineapple,I decided to give this another shot on the 1.0 update and I have to say... IM F*UCKING HOOKED! I CAN'T STOP!! Before when I last played this game it was really mine and build a house and just go to other planets.. But correct me if I'm wrong there's an actual story and some quests now! To be honest it made the game A LOT better in my opinion because I love going through these dungeons in story quests and fighting these pretty d'amn cool bosses also TO GET REVENGE ON A GOD D*AMN HENTAI SQUID F*UCK YEAH MAN.
,Recommended,211820,8489305,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Pitpat,7/10
,Recommended,211820,8610186,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Dayv,"This game is awesome. If there were no glitch, i would say that this game is excellent. Probably the best in its genre."
76561198090562019,Recommended,211820,8929883,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,kylenichols1234,"This is a really fantastic game. It has a sense of adventure and majesty pretty unparrelled. It is still in development, but is already great. Now, the understanding is that updates are not coming, but they are! If you visit their webpage, they realease daily blogs, and have nightly updates you can opt into. They are unstable though...BUT if you are willing to wait, update 2.0 is scheduled soon!I swear, it is worth every penny."
,Recommended,211820,9292720,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,flyingpig906  | bye :),SIMPLY THE BEST!BETTER THAN ALLL THE REST!! <3
76561198080480274,Recommended,211820,9332895,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Kitty,"This is a great game if you are a terraria lover. It is a 2d game that allows for a vast amount of advancement and exploration, for the Indiana Jones gamers out there. There are six races to choose from, mining, customizations, crafting like no other. This game is awesome, everyone should play it!"
,Recommended,211820,12596724,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Twistˆ-ˆ,nice game funto play : )
76561198025471097,Recommended,211820,13539336,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Lance,I have put over 170 hrs into this game . . .       I find it to be an amazing side scroling game and easy to pick up and just go. the artwork is very nostalgic and the ability to add mods to change the game in any way i want is a big plus.The only downside is on some systems ive played it on it is a little to memory intensive causing small lag spikes. Newer machines should not be affected. If they could optimise the coding or add more graphic/memory options / sliders to allow the game to be run perfectly on older machines this game would be perfect.I would recomend this game for anyone who wants to enjoy living on thier own world or distroying others. There is a large range of things to keep you busy and thats just in singleplayer. Playing multiplayer is a blast as well.Addition.... The game could use a bookmark world option. having just one home world and having to record cords to all your other worlds is unpleasant but acceptable.
76561198026315663,Recommended,211820,13615549,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,^.^,This game can be both good and bad this is because it can get quite tedius and annoying at time and can also get quite challenging.
,Recommended,211820,13619341,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,RAWRsoft,"I love to build things, explore and almost anything that's set in space. Starbound combines those three loves in a 2d platformer experience. I found myself lost for hours (60+) exploring new worlds by myself or with friends. Since the game is still under development it does get a bit repetative at times but it's constantly being updated. So you can easily pick it up again.You should check it out if you like Terraria or Minecraft."
,Recommended,211820,14103889,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,.tv/sofasseagull,"i Enjoy this quite a bit. i just wish you would bring back the workshop. content is VERY limited, and ive not seen much updated quest wise ever. please add the steam work shop back for this  :D"
,Recommended,211820,14107385,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Cow Man Callum,"It is 2D.It involves monsters & exploration.It has random weapons and building.It has crafting of items.That does NOT make it Terraria in space!It is unique in all of its own ways.Races, Worlds, interplanetary travel, Musical instruments and more.It has an amazing soundtrack.You can make a band.It has multiplayer that is easily better than Terraria.The only reason I am relating it back to Terraira is because people just call it a clone, A Terraria in space. It is most certainly not.Enough rant...Cool features: Monsters evolve... They get bigger and stronger on planets you have been on for a long time. Very slowly though.Make music... Find instruments and play a variety of songs. You can also get your own from .abc files. Find them on the internet.Randomly Generated worlds... Random... Sometimes other species have cities or colonies on planets...Bad things: Multiplayer can be annoying... You have to find the IP and Port on the internet. However you can pvp people but not those in your group. Just enter they're characters name. Tons of fun with a skype call.Pretty much it.BTW IT HAZ BOSSES. No spoilers from me..."
76561198073667027,Recommended,211820,14226724,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Spiffy,this is a fun game although it is early access so it still has a lot of problems the first I would mention is the lack of content in the game although with the new update they just pushed out that added a lot but  it still feels like it needs more and the beginning of the game is really slow another thing is that it has major performance issues I don't have any where close to the best computer out there but it is still powerful enough I should get a constant 60 fps yet I still have drops to 20 so if you have a really low end pc chances are you won't be able to run this game now with all these problems I have mentioned I would reccomend this game to anyone who is a fan of the sandbox genre as it is still a very fun game
76561197988235735,Recommended,211820,14243815,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,thrallking,"Hell yeah. Lots to do, plenty to see, fun to play.  What other reason is there to buy a game? The updates, though infrequent lately, are full of new content and dramatically change the game, making it even more fun. I have never regretted purchasing this game and suggest you do so also; you won't regret it. If you are into that there is a massive and active modding community with even more changes and challenges, addressing the few issues the publishersw haven't got around to yet. Definitely worth my money."
76561198033006763,Recommended,211820,14245126,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Tarynyel,"Being a fan of Terraria I started this Game.And it was great.Impressions so far:Easy to learn, hard to Master....hopefuly like most of the Games of this Genre should be.After the last big Update yesterdy many big differences were done.Characters are gone, but as I knew this qould happen it's ok.Missions, or Storyline as such is now much better.You know what to do.You need some time to fulfill the Tasks, but it's possible at all the Time so far.PERHAPS some people won't like the fact, that you HAVE to follow the Storyline, to get able to visit other planets.There is nothing like a Free-Mode so far.One thing I personally DON'T like is the fact that you don't have a Map or Mini-Map to get around.Things to improve..perhaps ;) :Add some kind of Map to the Game.Add some Markers to the Galaxy-Map, so you can give visited Planets markers or Signs on whatever...Treasures....Dungeons...Increase the Durability of Pickaxes an Drills.....they deplete damn fast. Normally i need about 2 Pickaxes to get to the core, sinde they are no longer repairable... PLUS you can't simply stack them...Things that got better:I think it's way better now, that they have removed the Hunger from the Game and instead put a Buff-System on.Also it's good they put in some more Hunting Bows, so youcan go Huntingeven on High-Tier-Planets.The Social Hub. Great way to implement Quests.Well, that's it for now.This was my first Review ever, and I will try to do better in the Future ;)Update 1:Instanced Dungeons are damn annoying so far....Running around with Steel Armor....Best Weapon of Choice is the Compund Bow, as all the Mobs inside the Mining Base have some kind of Ranged Attack.I tried the dungeon 2 times so far....both times killed by the BossI have 3 Techs equipped...Compound Bow...Steel Armor...and I am dead within Seconds after Phase 2 starts....It's not like you just run to the boss again or get respawned before the Boss fight....You have to do the COMPLETE Dungeon again with ALL Mobs and the Boss of course...That really sucks....there's no other description for it.It's okay if the Boss needs some Learning and Understanding.....But BEING FORCED to do the COMPLETE Dungeon again EVERY single time is Annoying as it could be."
76561198129008119,Recommended,211820,14254303,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,a wizard,"I HIGHLY recomend this game, it's fun and great. i also like the pixel look and also there is A neeeww update it just might be a better ''Welcoming'' hand to new player's!!"
,Recommended,211820,14311682,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Adriian911,"Its a great game, Finally they are updating the game, it has a lot  of new stuff and i love it, there is alot that they need to work out like pets, but still is fun to play."
,Recommended,211820,14336705,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,KitsuneXero,"Before I get started, know this is my OWN PERSONAL PREFERENCE. If I was asked what game you should buy, I would suggest this one. With over 400 hours on this game, most of which I have spent playing in the first year or two when it came out, I have had plenty of fun playing along side friends and my own girlfriend.Now, this being said... A word of caution. There are a lot of negitives with this game, but again this is MY THOUGHTS. Before you think I am hopping one way or the other, I will say this... Updates are slow. Now I know next to nothing about coding or generation, so I can not speak on what the developers are doing. I will say, in their own defense, that they are like us. Humans.Now, why do I recomend this game? Simple. For a Early Access Game it is in rather good shape. There are no ""Micro-transactions"" at all, anywhere in the game. You can do basically anything you think will be fun. Want to build a huge house on a planet all your own? You can. Want to slaughter innocent people across galaxies? You can do that too.With all this being said, I- PERSONALLY- would recomend this game over several of the big AAA games out there.Why would I do that?The big thing for me, No Micro-Transactions. You put the money down now, get to play a game that is getting updated- albet slowly updated- and can have fun your way- Alone or with friends and family.TL; DRPros:-Works on Windows and Mac iOS-Plenty of activities to do-NO MICRO TRANSACTIONSCons:-Slow Updates-Can get stale if played for too long in one sitting"
76561198125956091,Recommended,211820,11783917,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,wrathious.j,"The game is great. So far i have played 3 hrs of it and its w real good game ,(kinda like terraria). most people that buy this game got it cause they like terraria. most people dont recomend the game cause its in beta. and that means that if you buy it now then it might not be worth the money later. thats why i dont recomend the game cause its in beta. but i dont hate the game. its a great game like i said befor. and the money isnt worth it for were the game is in development, if its in beta then it shouldnt be $14.99 . i dont like theprice.Now lets talk about the gamplay. the gameplay is verry nice, but i dont like the AI on this game ,*example* the AI will get stuck instead of going arround whatever is in its way. it kinda ruins the momentom in the fight. NOTE This is a highly survival based game. witch means your not gonna make many awesome city's/houses. your gonna live in a ship and do most of your stuff there. but whos stoping you from making an awesome house? Make sure befor you buy the game that it is sandbox but its based on survival most the time. THIS ISNT MINECRAFT! its alot harder to craft some things. pixles are needed to do some stuff. and dieing isnt a good idea like in terraria. apon dieing you lose pixles ,(witch are verry importent). an example of when you will use pixles is when you make pikaxes on the *ANVIL*. those need pixles to be crafted. i like the idea of pixles but they went averbord with that idea. Pixles arnt hard to find in caves at all but you need alot of them. so what im saying is... 300 pixles isnt too much but its decent. i like the gameplay of the game. the music is verry good. all the sound is good. and i like the attack annimatoins they put on the AI. Instead of tuching you and then you take some dmg, they have an annimatoins for there attacks and names for there attacks. NOTE this game is difficult, *EXAMPLE* if you go to the wrong place at the wrong time you will die fast and that wont be good, that saying theres alot to do in this game. dungons and all that good stuff (bosses), you get the picture. the game is hard but it takes up alot of time and has verry smooth gameplay. Its good for any lets plays that people do. Gameplay isnt an issue for me. i like chalenging games like this and its verry fast pace at some points in the game. There are different difficultys on sertan planets. The planet you start out at is a threate lvl 1. so if you want a harder planet or somthing more chalenging, then get your fule and go to another one. i love this type of gameplay but most pweople dont so dont take my opinion for it.ANIMATOIN / GRAPHICSthe annimatoin/s are 2-D. but the dessign is verry good compared to terraria. in terraria i get confused with whats a block and whats not. when i see somthing sidways idk what the heck it is cause i looks too plain and i cant see it. Whats good about this game is that i can see what im mining and looking at. As far as that go's , that means they put less time into there blocks and annimatoins with makes them stand out a bit more. but like i said this is a 2-D GAME. dont expaect the best graphics XD.SUM.i like the gamepay and difficulty on this games but the pixles are a problem. (the pixles is why people hate this game XD) not saying i dont like that idea its just a little overbord.so for people that think terraria is too easy then get this game for a chalenge.graphics are nice for a 2-D game (better than terraria). oh yeah and i forgot the mining part of this. its harder to find some things but i like the 3 by 3 mining with the pikaxe. i would recomend the game if it werent in beta (not saying its a bad game im just saying the game will change alot and may not be worth the money right now.) love the game so far and thats it, hope this review helped you decied wether or not you may or may not like the game. :D"
,Recommended,211820,13528794,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,thatonen3rdity,"A little buggy, but all in all a good game. Fullscreen wont work with a 1280/720 monitor though. Please fix!"
,Recommended,211820,13624653,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,DraconicSpeaker,"This is truely amazing! Starbound is what you get when you take space and Terraria and put them together. The game is rather fun and the character creator is pretty good. Other races you can use is a nice touch to it too! And there's a lot of wep's, tools and other stuff to use! Over all if you like Terraria your gonna love this."
,Recommended,211820,14089481,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Garik,"Wait to buy until the newest patch (Upbeat giraffe) is finished. Right now, the base game is shockingly dull in comparison.If you've got a buddy to play with/don't mind checking out public servers i'd say go for it, though be ready for everything you have stolen the instant you let someone else onto your ship, thieving S.O.Bs.Seriously, Upbeat Giraffe, wait until it's done. if you take nothing else from this piece, wait until jan/feb of 2015 before buying (at least, that's the time period they set for the patch, who knows.)"
76561198170542817,Recommended,211820,14101072,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,happysammy,"2D + Everyone kills you + trees tranformed into logs + easily seen ores + jumping with your arms in the air + Background wall + annoying stairs controls = Terraria, and Starbound has all the ingrediants to make Terraria... but with space.."
76561198072248052,Recommended,211820,14103945,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mr. Scott,"Still in beta, dont try multiplayer or it crashes but amazing game! I really enjoy playing it. Its sandbox/space exploration hit a perfect mix as find things that differ from planets, cant WAIT for the complete version!"
,Recommended,211820,14228150,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Roboraptor,love it
76561198007360897,Recommended,211820,14231593,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Cpt. Scruffy Beard,AMAZING
76561198052772548,Recommended,211820,25678320,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Fritz,"This game is really good.  Better than Minecraft in some ways.  It may look like Terraria, but it plays so differently with so many more options.  Thanks Chucklefish."
,Recommended,211820,25817284,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,mudkipc14,"Starbound, a 2-D Minecraft in space. Its really fun either when your alone exploring the depths of space or with your friends playing Undertale/MLP music. Its a pretty good sandbox and I sorta like the story too. Each race has their own style of equipment that they can make. Humans can make si-fi gear while Florians can make tribal gear and so on. Theirs just a few thing that I have problems with. The lag is really bad. At first I thought it was the laptop I was using, (Which is a peice of crap that I had to get repaired 3 times.) but come to find out the game is always a bit laggy even if you have the newest gaming pc, but it still helps to have a better pc to play it so the lag isn't that bad. Another thing is that the last two levels in the campaing (Note either a spoiler or a helper, you chose) your pelted down enemy after enemy while fighting the bosses. It's nothing that big of a deal but its a real pet peive of mine when im fighting over 50 people by myself, you would think that ""oh wait I can recuit people to help me fight"" well the compainions in this game have the smarts of an infant, and starbound isn't the only game guilty on this, Fallouts companions are just as bad, and Kotor (Knights of the old Republic), its just common in games to have dumb allies. The third thing are the profiles. Im not sure if it was the results of the mods I installed or the game updating but when I got my laptop back it couldn't reach my files so I had to start over again, the worst part was I finally found one of the most powerfull swords of the game the astralsabru and now I have to find it again. Now that all of the bad stuff is out of the way lets get to what makes the game so great.Like I said before, I like on how every race gets their own style of geat, especially the Novakids, mostly because instead of melee weapons they can make ranged weapons, also the ship you own varies on which race you pick. If you pick Avian you get a temple ship, if you pick Novakid you get a Locomotive ship. I also like that if your playing on casual food still has a purpose. The mods are also a cool thing, like to say you hate having a EPP on your back all the time but if you remove it you would have to put it back on later, well their's a mod that allows you to use a bare back item in your cosmetic box on your back. You wish that you could play songs form MLP, Undertale, Gravity Fall, and Cave Story in the game? Well their are a lot of music mods. Do you want a Wise cracking Avian A.I. instead of the base one? Well then try the A.V.I.A.N mod. If anything I would recommend this game to anyone who seeks a good time. Either playing with friends, farming, fighting monsters, exploring space, or doing the main quest. Fun time will be had."
,Recommended,211820,25884468,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,SepZap,"Wow... This game. Where do I start?Before reading this review, delete all former thoughts on the game. Stop comparing it and most important of all, don't have biased opinion or negative thoughts beforehand. You ready? Here we go.Starbound is a game where you explore procedurally generated planets, with the same assets in some of them, but always in a different fashion. The galaxy is infinite and it will take an eternity to explore all of it. Mostly because it's infinite. The weapons are well thought trough and so are the enemies, the species and the NPC's. And even though the story starts off whacky and weird, it all comes around in the end even including an Alphabet for the ancient language in the game which is not constantly spoken and has to be searched for to be able to find it.The game is so full of stuff to do that I myself haven't finished it yet. It's so full of stuff to do!Wanna blow up a planet? Go for it!Wanna own your own farm and purchase the most legendary items in the game? JUST DO IT!Wanna fight armies of Humanoid monkeys, fish, flowers and stars? ♥♥♥♥ YEAH!And even more. I can't even come close to explaining how awesome this game is! If something becomes too hard or tricky, just use a wiki. It's full of stuff that can help you!The coummunity is also one of the best in the world with more mods then you can shake your money at!I can't do the game enough justice.JUST BUY IT ALREADY DAMMIT!"
,Recommended,211820,26134225,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Clever Rat,"Such a great game. If you're looking for a sandbox Terraria with so much more to do, this is your game."
76561198021235835,Recommended,211820,27535777,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Ricky,Best space terraria stardew valley simulator. Also you can play bandit radio with saxophone without pants while eating human eyes as an space bird. Good game 5/5.
76561197967155301,Recommended,211820,27514922,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Lord of Holes,"It's a fun 2D creative builder game.  It focuses pretty heavily on the creative side of the genre.   As such combat and weapons aren't as fleshed out as similar games like terraria.  But the building aspects of the game are extremely good.  It's really easy to build a good looking structure very quickly in Starbound.   As well as farming and the colony system where you can add NPCs to your villages that will provide you with missions and simply liven up the place.There are a few things that will wrinkle purist's noses.  Such as that you can't progress technology wise until you do some of the story missions.   Varying venders don't unlock until after a specific mission.   However most of these missions aren't particularly difficult.  Except maybe the last one.  However with a friend or two even that isn't too difficult.Overall,  really like this game.  It's not 100% what I'd prefer to dig into... but it certainly scratches an itch and it gets a new update every few months or so to keep things interesting. Worth checking out."
,Recommended,211820,25572614,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jiro the Machine,I enjoyed it more than Terraria.
,Recommended,211820,26617462,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,[SAMPLETEXT],Space terraria. And thats pretty good.
76561198143981867,Recommended,211820,27524136,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MoonLight,"This game provides a solid campaign to play through and I really enjoyed it; however, I don't feel that the gameplay outside of trying to complete the campaign is very fun. Once you beat the campaign you've seen everything interesting in the game universe and really the only thing to try to do is to build a town or increase the size of your ship. Still a solid amount of gameplay for what it costs and I was happy with the game. 8/10"
76561198112213357,Recommended,211820,25116610,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Aidan_bb,An extremely fun game that you should totally get. I have put many hours into and Im still am finding new things.
,Recommended,211820,25884671,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Izalith,Might be in 2D but offer lot more content and a better gameplay than the No man's lie.Btw there is multiplayer on this one.
76561198041386660,Recommended,211820,25516436,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Natsuki Subaru,"Hardly got past the first planet on any playthrough and I can say this game is brilliant. It gets better with every iteration, and the full launch looks to have created a perfect game for Terraria-esque lovers like me.Looking forward to playing this game for even longer!"
,Recommended,211820,25550012,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,ObjMan,"Starbound was often dismissed as a Terraria clone while it was still in Beta. For the most part, this was true when comparing the amount of content Starbound had to Terraria, which had released its 1.2 update. Before Starbound left Early Access, the last time I had played was before the Furious Koala build, which ended the need for character wipes. Having my progress constantly reset tired me out, even if doing so was to be expected for a game in Early Access. However, as I result I just became more immersed in Terraria's stable gameplay and 1.2 content.Now that Starbound released, I did come back to it to see all of the content I had ignored. I was immediately satisfied by the loading time that was much shorter than the Early Access build I last played. I already am a very patient gamer, but this loading time set my expectations for content very low.The now universal story line seemed a bit generic compared to the different racial storylines that could have happened. The story quests have to be the one of the weakest parts of Starbound right now since they all follow the same quest category. Having the player scan different racial objects may increase some understanding of the lore for each race, but some players don't care about game aspects like lore or even quests. I mostly ignored the story after the Hyotl artifact quest to focus on exploration.Exploring planets for loot, digging through caverns to gather materials, making farms, crafting better armor and food, and finding cool instruments are what made the game enjoyable for me. Even if the gameplay is tedious, I had a considerable amount of fun doing what I wanted to do. At least, until I had crafted the last tier of armor, EPP, weapons, tools, and healing items. The sense of progression that I made for myself was ended ubruptly by the fact that I ran out of things to do. The only things left now are to finish the story and maybe try out the colony quest system. There are now also fishing and pet collecting, but I don't think that less-complex side content that forces players to settle down should ever become the main appeal of a game ultimately about exploring the universe."
,Recommended,211820,25727225,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,ReaVir,"Starting out is a little rocky and as of the current version there are pacing issues (ship upgrades are way expensive, I had the resources to build teir 3 armor before tier 1 and 2, that sort of thing).Boss fights are satisfying and creatively made.  The ""mission"" levels (where you can't mine blocks) are well put together throughout.I would like to see more content added to the underground of worlds; as of now it consists of dotted structures and portals to pocket dimensions with fossils, loot and enemies throughout.Overall the game is wonderful and I expect to put a lot more time into it."
,Recommended,211820,22305638,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,D4RKN355,"Great game. Very similar in style to terraria, but (in my opinion) a longer playability and better combat. So far there's quite a bit of content and a story, albeit not the best one as of right now. Its got its fair share of bugs, but those will hopefully be taken out prior to the full release. Overall, its my favorite open world sandbox game and I would recommend it to anyone."
76561198096364265,Recommended,211820,25099094,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,𝑪𝒂𝒓𝒕𝒊𝒏𝒐,Like terraria but in space
,Recommended,211820,25718855,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Savage Salvador,Terraria in an infinite universe with fewer bosses and crafting recipes but has very interesting alien generation. The only thing I can't stand is the tediousness of inventory emptying or storing9.5/10
,Recommended,211820,25730160,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,J-Stereo,"A very good game well worth what I paid for it.Can't wait to see some expansions or DLC packs that expand the content, so my friends would keep playing it and enjoying the buildings I make.Pros:the main story quest line is entertaining and kept me engaged until the finish,the dropped staff weapons can have secondary support abilities, so I can play the game as a support class :),the unique legendaries that can drop are all fun and do interesting things that make them worth trying for,the wide variety of character customization, and the fact I can even dye most any of it to my favorite colors,and the flags that act as teleport beacons, so saving planets to live on or manage is far easier than bookmarking.Cons:starting a new character with friends shows the completed content if I am the host, and spoils their experience,the colonist/crew AI is bad and they stand around at doors or facing walls alot,the crew that you can have follow you stand in lava or damaging terrain and frankly don't do anything to help you,and the craftable weapon/armor variety is nothing compared to what the game had in versions previous to launch,the furniture vendor's selection is cool, but way too unavailable to use regularly like I would want to."
76561198147407417,Recommended,211820,27522126,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Vixen's Dog,"Starbound... Hmm... I would say this is just like Terraria, But I would say it's better. Reasons is better content, graphics, and lots more. There's so much to do in here, Such as fish, fight, PVE, Quest, Side Quest, and so much more. I would get this game if you love exploring and free roaming and also finding loot."
,Recommended,211820,28849770,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Vgwizardx,"I like this a little more than Terraria. I like that there are quest and you can go to a new world without starting a new game. It also has multiple end games, such as exploring, being a landlord and more. A very good buy I would recommand this to anyome that likes Minecraft and Terraria and even those that like good adventure games."
,Recommended,211820,14253057,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,rich chigga,"HUGE amount of potential, and it's already an absolute tonne of fun to play."
,Recommended,211820,14253503,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Survivor816,i beat a cyborg to death with snowballs then i took of my pants and tebaged the cyborg110/10
76561198060655413,Recommended,211820,14254692,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Deathboy:,LOVE IT
,Recommended,211820,14254964,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,Whiskey,I love this game.  It's fun to play with a group of people
,Recommended,211820,14255084,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Doctor Deranged (NTLF),"I play this game alot and honestly with the new update available and working, I just love this game.I play it with friends or just enjoy it on my own, The races have such intense backstories its just asking you to roleplay.As for the fighting, Its my favourite parts the weapons are so personalized from Massive swords to single handguns,And no one can say no to sword fighting an alien."
76561198044048706,Recommended,211820,14256233,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Nocolourtv,"This NEW update has brought a breath of fresh air to this game! The simple aspect of new content, revised combat, and the  addition of so many little community mods (such as the 360 degree aiming) has taken the game to another level, higher than the esteem that it held at launch. Grinding to new materials and getting those perfect weapons and playstyles you prefer still take time, but it only makes the story of YOUR adventure more rewarding"
76561197998414225,Recommended,211820,14257954,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Etherdrone,"Was walking around the dephts of speic mining blocks and having a jolly good time.Then some clown asks me to go down a mineshaft and kill Cthulhu with my sword.Space Cthulhu, with a sword. I think I really like this game."
,Recommended,211820,14258228,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Mr-LoCa,minecraft vs aliensnice game but you'l get bored quickly.6/10 one more block... one more block
,Recommended,211820,14307279,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Menthos,"This is probably one of the most complete and feature rich entries into the building / open world genre. That said, let's get down to business:ProsA plethora of items to craftSince the last update it offers a good storylineA multitude of different worlds to exploreA lot of different Weapon(types)Did I mention the ridiculous huge crafting system?Space shipsPenguinsThe whole setting is amazing for this kind of game, as it provides you unlimited amount of worlds to exploreGreat NPCs to interact with. Some of them have amazingly funny things to sayCollectiblesVanity clothing (if one is into that)ConsSometimes the game lets you alone a little bit too muchFirst missions are very, very hardThe game needs some optimization as it starts to stutter when there are many NPCs/Monsters on the screenConclusionThis is definitely one of the best builder / survival rpgs I've played in a very long time. I would absolutely recommend this game to everyone I know!"
,Recommended,211820,14307487,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Commisar Letlev,"Drawing inspiration from a number of games, Starbound strives to surpass them and it probably will.Great game even in early acces, I'm really excited to see the final version."
,Recommended,211820,14309942,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,FinnianTheShark,"This game was so ambitious when it first showed up, now its secretly has been building even when they hype died down. and now its gotten so much better not to mention the hype this will bring for others! i love this game and recommend it for so many people. ITS NOT LIKE TERRARIA. its a beautiful game so far and i cant wait to see how much more is made!"
76561198134114179,Recommended,211820,14311380,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[T.H.M.]Enderborn50,"I absolutely love this game!!!! Do you like terraria, minecraft, and space? Well if you do this is the game for you. There are many differenet monster types even if they all mostly do the same thing. There is a infinite universe and now with the most recent stable update there is way more you can do, there are 100's and 100's of new things to craft and get. There are legendary items that act completely differently from anything else in the game. There are warp gates and cities and castles and villages and traders and even giant trees with people living in them. There are a few different types of systems you can travel to, eccentric stars, fiery stars, ice stars, radioactive stars (I do not recommend this, too much acid rain), and gentle stars. There are 7 different races, each with their own unique space ship which you can now upgrade to Tier 8 which makes it HUGE!!!!!! Each different race of npc's all feel unique and florans, leaf people if you want to know what they are the cutest in the game, by that I mean some of the stuff they say to you is just awesome! The races are Avian, Floran, Apex, Human, Novakid, Hyotil or something like that and glitch. Each race is completely unique and Novakid is by far my favorite. Anyways, even though there is much more to talk about I don't want to drag on any longer, my final rating for this is a 9.5/10"
76561198126071676,Recommended,211820,14324401,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Dead Plays Games,so i had played  alot of starbound when it was just released and i liked it despite the fact that there really wasnt that much to do. so now after waiting nearly a year for this update im happy to say im not dissapointed this feels like a game that im familier with but at the same its all a bit new im loving the quest based progression and the fact that i can get on and do some space adventuring with my bro and buddys completes it for me. now obviously i know that there is still much to do i just hope we dont have to wait another year for the next update and that it does not break the game and saves when it does come i for one am awaiting the next one with eager fingers until then peace out peoples.
,Recommended,211820,14330722,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,TheSnowGolem45,This is an amazing game! I would recomend this game to any Minecraft or Terraria fans.
,Recommended,211820,14332113,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Harv,"This game has a TON of bugs and glitches. Actual amount of gameplay time has been maybe 10 minutes (I idled for 50), and I've already found a glitch with keybinding. My Show Inventory key SHOULD be bound, in theory, to my 'x' key. Instead, it stil only opens with the default 'I"" key even though ""I"" Isn't bound to anything.Even though it has its buigs and glitches after 2 whole years of development, it's still a decent game. However, it definitely needs a lot more closer attention to bugs and more bug fixes immediately.\The controls themselves aren't bad, but rebinding isn't a bad idea.Gameplay is fairly obvious; it's an open world in which you do <insert action here>. Essentially it's 2d minecraft in space with OPTIONAL missions. This game doesn't force you to do anything. Even when you start it up, the game doesn't tell you to reboot the ship's AI; it just says to press E on the yellow thing in the ship.Graphics are about as good as they possibly could be on a 2d game. You really shouldn't be expecting realistic graphics in 2 dimensional space."
,Recommended,211820,14334158,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,D4Dementia,"I love this game. It just has a great feel to it. While Terraria has many things that make it equally awesome, Starbound keeps me wanting more. The various planets, random encounters, and the customizable ships are a great canvas.I am sorely tempted to build whole worlds to custom in a final version, but honestly hope it never runs out of additive content updates."
76561198035358099,Recommended,211820,14334517,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Captain Daddy,"The music is beautiful, the planets are inspiring, and the caves are crawling. Though it's only in its early stages of beta, the game is well developed and structured. There are a lot of similarities to Minecraft, and even more to Terraria, but there are so many concepts and mechanics that make this an extraordinary game. It's also really open - ended, yet there is a mission line you can follow. 10/10 would wipe all memories of ever playing the game just to experience playing it again"
76561197995171991,Recommended,211820,14336954,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Minus,"Looking at how many hours I've put into this, it's kind of unbelievable! I started playing way back and have had several characters deleted over time, but each time I start again the experience has been different. The updates they keep making are HUGE! The game was very fun before, but it's game mechanics have changed totally. It feels less like Terraria with different graphics, thanks to the very versatile worlds with differing gravities and weather. And the amount of items that are simply furniture or themed decorations easily goes into the 1000s! Despite it's future setting making a castle in this game is easier and nicer looking than one in Terraria.It is deeply enjoyable finding that perfect planet, and building something incredible on it. And since character deletions are no longer a thing in the latest version, you're safe to start making these epic buildings. But the other items you need, the workbenches and such are also fantastic! Everything is nicely organised and it makes it clear what you need to do next. There were a few times I thought I'd ""won"" the game, but it just keeps going! I expect future updates will extend it's playtime even further!Multiplayer and single player are both equally fun. Having that second person there to hold the torch and light the way really changes the tone, makes it feel less terrifying when you suddenly fall into a dark abyss. Although I like that feel, this is a game where you really want others to be there to show off your creations to. Or have them fall for a trap you've set up using wiring. It's really quite hard to say much about multiplayer because it's practically identicle to the single player experience... just with more people. They were right to perfect the singleplayer mode so well.The only issue I see at the moment is the addition of letting you spawn NPCs, but without giving them much purpose. I managed to get a single shopkeeper NPC, but most are uncontrollable and do nothing, just being in the way. This is no doubt temporary though and NPCs are simply the last thing to be worked on. On that note, I keep forgetting this is still BETA. It feels too full with content!Get this game whilst it's still got it's BETA price! It feels finished as it is, with probably only a few tweaks to add. Or knowing these developers, they might just add another something huge in. Either way, it's already one of the funnest games on steam of this genre, and is very close to leaving BETA."
76561198152105158,Recommended,211820,14338329,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,The Red Gamer,"NOTE: This is an updated version of my previous review.-PROS--Good soundtrack. It's not the best I've heard, but it is still good.-Interesting Combat. Blocking with two-handed swords, dual-wielding, and plenty of guns.-Planet types. Unlike Minecraft and Terraria, Starbound has over a dozen biomes and mini-biomes.-Races. The game currently has seven playable races, and may add more.-Mods. Starbound has a lot of good mods, adding things like new races, planets, tech, armor, and items.-Crafting. Yes, every survival game ever has crafting, but you can craft a lot more items in this game than most others. And you don't even need a crafting guide.-CONS--Updates. Generally, Starbound updates are few and far between.-Survival. Recently, hunger and temperature were removed from the game, taking some of the survival aspect with it.-Bosses. The first boss, the living Erchius Crystal, is incredibly hard to beat, even with high-level gear.-WHAT I RATE STARBOUND-All things considered, I would rate this a 8.5/10."
,Not Recommended,211820,14360674,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,peepgame,"Holy ♥♥♥♥, this♥♥♥♥♥♥sucks!"
76561197981683817,Recommended,211820,19466557,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Yoshi,"greate game, very similar to Terraria. But them agaom you got a lot of different items, monsters, minerals and locations to play on. Overall the combat animations kinda wierd. at least in terraria it was better combat mechanics. Updates come not to ofthen, and the game has been in beta for 3 years. hope it will soon progress further.Grete music, good queests and the varities of living things. Just need more contetnt, because in the beginning you think that this game is HUGE, but you are wrong. Maybe a better storyline perhaps."
76561198128168507,Recommended,211820,9483547,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Baba Ganoush?,AwesomeThe new Terraria
76561198074864547,Recommended,211820,27434761,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Black Capped Chickadee,Really fishing?! come on get more creative than this. Stop copying terraria!
76561198006685637,Recommended,211820,25434666,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,-=SMT=- like a boss,screwy and a tosser and hard and good for mulityplayer
76561198043516885,Recommended,211820,7979700,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,*Borichiny*,This game is addictive there is so much to see if u like crafting and digging thats ur game.
,Recommended,211820,7979862,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jimmy G Unit,Get it!!! Now!!!
76561197974821588,Recommended,211820,7979682,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,WhenCowsAttack,Take Terraria and add hundres of additional planets to explore. Each one with its own ecosystem and inhabitants. This truly is a massive game!
,Recommended,211820,7980032,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,GRIMDARK,"If you liked terraria, you'll like this."
,Recommended,211820,8317556,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jack,Ok yea. This is awesome. Terraria with extra coolness and longer... well who needs replayability when the game doesn't end
,Recommended,211820,28623335,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,chsck83,I've spent 65 hours on this and still have no idea what I'm doing.  Awesome!
,Recommended,211820,8316750,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Zyous,"All in all a great game, a must have for any player. It is a great step-up from terraria and offers more items, armor, weapons, etc. If you play terraria and/minecraft and/or any other games like them, this is in my opinion my favorite of all of them. Even without mods (even though it has a considrable amount) is a great game."
,Recommended,211820,9140099,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Foresh,"Starbound is an exelent 2D sandbox-explorer-style game. It shares some traits with terraria but apart from that it is a very divrse game. The setting is this: your player leaves their homeworld for some reason, and tries to build a living off the stars. Although many good things are already in this game, it still needs work. But that's good, becasue that means this game will be better and better as time goes on! One interesting thing about the game is that all the planets are individual from another planet, they will have different trees, different dirt, different monsters, everything in the game feels new and refreshing, whereas in terraria you only got one world (although terraria has improved a steady amount). The mining is consistend, you're always looking for coal (the most important mineral in the game) and the mineral of which tier you are at. Each tier unlocks new sets of weapons, armor, tools, and other goodies (including the ability to go to harder regions of the galaxy). At the moment, this is a great game, and with everything planned for it, it may get a ""best of 2014"" award. Just maybe."
76561198119585970,Recommended,211820,33790808,Posted: 25 July,all,VoltCow,Shift+Tab isnt working for me. I need help.
76561198090585415,Recommended,211820,33554863,Posted: 15 July,all,Ranuko,"This game is fun, especially if you have friends to play it with."
,Recommended,211820,31181218,Posted: 16 April,all,<αψπρπ> βουνδξναπαλμ (BGRL9),"Let me just outright say it, Starbound is godlike and anything trying to copy it is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it is the best game I have played in years, and many others fail to overpower its greatness, creativity, and idea"
,Recommended,211820,16945296,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Mr. Apoka,Amazing! The only problem I found is that after you began to play u can't stop.
76561197967244904,Recommended,211820,7936258,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,breakpoint,"Ohhhh, I've been screaming for this one.  If you're a Terraria fan who's been waiting and waiting and WAITING to see if ""Starbound"" was going to help you get your Terraria fix -IN SPACE!-, let me assure you, it's all been worth it.This is definitely, far and away, the best usage I've seen yet of the Early Access Game program: they are using it as a TUNING phase, more than a DEBUGGING phase.  Starbound is in a far better state, TODAY, than most released games I've played this year.You should know that the *launcher* is a little cranky at the moment, but once the game starts, you're good to go.  Press every key on the keyboard at least once to see what happens because the tutorial is a very short drop-kick but there is some in-game help.Oh-- and yes, you can and should make a pickaxe.Have a blast!"
,Not Recommended,211820,33882031,Posted: 29 July,all,Hime the Witch,"I loved this game to bits, until it came time to try out multiplayer. I couldn't join my friend. I couldn't even join my own bloody server. It would give errors, sure, but googling those came up with NOTHING that helped. I might edit this if Chucklefish fixes the MP errors in the future, but as is, I can only recommend the single player experience."
,Recommended,211820,21038852,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Playerjj430,Amazing
,Recommended,211820,22468207,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dihay,"Is a good game, Has a terraria feel, But this actually has a story"
,Recommended,211820,15553073,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,thedigi321,"very good game and you will not be disappointed by the quests, some are a little diffcult at least from my playing of the game my first character i could not find core fragments. i just gave up until yesterday when i started a new character found what i needed to fix the thrusters and i was able to go to an outpost. there was an arcade cabinet in game although that might have been a mod. love the game would recommend a million times over"
76561198082470291,Recommended,211820,15567456,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,freemanelshark,This game is really time consuming. I love it!
76561198136990396,Recommended,211820,15572038,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Aquilathestone,"Great, 2d game, reminiscient of terrarria, but  in space, with ducks and gorilla's. Lots of fun to wonder the galaxy."
76561198066979009,Recommended,211820,30941320,Posted: 4 April,all,Baloney Man,Amazing game! 10/10 would buy a penguin slave again
,Recommended,211820,30955946,Posted: 4 April,all,sammyboy,This game is hhhhhhhhhhhhhuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuuugggggggggggggggggeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
,Recommended,211820,30946371,Posted: 4 April,all,sunshine the werewolf,I've been playing this since around the time it was released early access and I still love it
,Recommended,211820,33656762,Posted: 19 July,all,Benny,StaerBund|explore|create|fight|
76561198254696051,Recommended,211820,32345341,Posted: 11 June,all,The Dark Lord Sauron,"One of the best games I have, I recently got it, and other than Undertale, it's my most played game. 19/10"
,Recommended,211820,30961965,Posted: 5 April,all,Casaray230,Really fun game if your into the whole 2d sand box.Also theres a banana hat 10/10
76561198199648789,Recommended,211820,33655721,Posted: 19 July,all,smokey_71247,cool lol
76561198013724249,Recommended,211820,32346608,Posted: 11 June,all,mouse do mickey,"Very deep in plot, interesting and funny sidequests, and enjoyable desregard the plot line, beautiful animation e rich dialogues.It would be a masterpiece if the difficult system worked a little different, it uses death as a penalty making it difficult, I believe the game itself should create its difficulty and not rely on a penalty like losing your items qhen you die.Other than that, perfect."
76561197969095869,Recommended,211820,33658953,Posted: 19 July,all,Gniwii,A side scrolling voxel game with elements of base building its alot fun.
,Recommended,211820,31228855,Posted: 18 April,all,Chicken 9000,"Love this game, cant wait to see what updates bring!"
76561198125249675,Recommended,211820,32344741,Posted: 11 June,all,Darth Durza,Pretty cool game! pretty much like Terraria and astroneer in one game.
76561198136970206,Recommended,211820,33663772,Posted: 19 July,all,ShockurasEnder,10/10.
,Recommended,211820,8002143,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Blindfire,"Starbound. Ever wanted to play Terraria but not wanting to being confined in your one world? Ever wanted to play as something other than Humans? Ever wanted to tame a creature and use it in battle? Ever wanted to ride vehicles for travelling those long distances? Im recommending this game not for what it has now, but what it will have in the future. It has amazing potential to become one impressive and fascinating game. 10/10."
76561198059949617,Recommended,211820,15564615,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,xNEOxSpyglass,Amazing If you love Terraria your going to cream your pants when you play this!!!
76561198207143465,Recommended,211820,22017240,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,[Bernard] ಠ_ಠ CSGOFade.Net,best GME EVREZ THANKS YOUZ FOR THIS GAMEZ
76561198197267819,Recommended,211820,33689912,Posted: 20 July,all,CyberNoah,I really love this game. I was so addicted i got 79 hour on it within 6 days. lol. But i really do love this game a recommend this to other people and also im really hoping for a sequel that would be great if their was :D i would love it so yeah i give this game a 10/10
76561198105213014,Recommended,211820,32031890,Posted: 28 May,all,Telekinetic_sloth,I havent play to much of the game but... 10/10 space birds i love it.
76561198034916917,Not Recommended,211820,11735764,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Immaletyoufinish,Nope
,Recommended,211820,24594835,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,arsontf,Um. There is a bug the game crashes when i exit a tech station. Is anyone having this bug as well? Anyways other than that IT IS AMAZINNGGNNGNGNGNGNGNGNG
,Recommended,211820,24594012,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,GamingHT,"Don't buy this game....if you don't know how to have fun. This game is the best. Think of the hype terraria had when it came out, times that by 100000000 and you have starbounds amazingness."
76561198119494150,Recommended,211820,29770469,Posted: 7 February,all,NANO,"This game is ""ooo that looks cute"" *turns into huge♥♥♥♥♥moster* ""aaaaaaaaaaahhhhhhhhhhhh"""
,Recommended,211820,33788078,Posted: 25 July,all,Erequitiki,"Starbound.An Indie style sandbox game that features space exploration and procedural generation.Holy crap I love this game.This game is a fantastic execution of ""I could follow the storyline, or just do whatever on some random planet.""Starbound is a  Terraria like adventure game with a fantastic story, several races to choose from, complete Steam workshop treatment, and so much more. You can really just get a sense of how much ""stuff"" there is to see in a simple game when you're able to travel the stars. You can choose to set up wherever you want; on your personal spaceship, a planet with enough space to build a mansion, etc. Gameplay can get frustrating if scavenging for ores deep underground only to die on the way up, or be bombarded by generic mobs at night, or if you've died to a boss over and over not understanding how to counterplay, but for the most part I see Starbound as a fun, laid-back, casual experience. The soundtrack is gorgeous as well and I personally listen to the tracks in my own time as they're incredibly relaxing.If you choose to follow the story-line, you will be thrown on a course of a decently interesting scavenger hunt that tells you to essentially understand the different races. This can get redundant but there is a great feeling of achievement when you finally found the randomly specific artifact you're to look for. No matter how you play this game, it's going to be fun.Overall I really enjoy Starbound for the experience it is and the creativity it inspires through it's space exploration. If you like Terraria but are tired of the hard grinds or just want something new, Starbound is most definetly a great experience. 9/10 would reccomend."
,Recommended,211820,9575921,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Chiken_Nougat,yes
,Recommended,211820,24477822,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Grieselbert,best game ever
76561198119556966,Recommended,211820,29635653,Posted: 1 February,all,Uffyday,"Starbound, more like GOODbound amirite?!?"
,Recommended,211820,28871173,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,E.Z.,Really good 10/10I like everything this game has to offerYes if you agree with me :steamhappy:
76561198090699513,Recommended,211820,28874003,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,notakirakaito,"Everything that is supposed to be in No Man's Sky, but in 2D."
76561198331580446,Recommended,211820,28086191,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,RingOfFire╾━╤デ╦︻,Really great game i am going to spend a lot of time playing it so a highly recomend it
76561198048054884,Recommended,211820,28870023,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Tchesco,"The game is pretty great. Awesome worlds, great exploration and upgrading systems, lovely music... But the combat falls a bit short, wich makes a bad selling point.I'd still recomend it, it's not like they won't update the combat to a better performance. Or even if you don't need the combat... whatever, it's worth it."
,Recommended,211820,28871804,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Koala Weapon,I very love this game.It so fun.
,Recommended,211820,28869419,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mus,I can tell you that its a mix of terria in space and Skyrim if skyrim was 2d and pixilated (also in space)
76561198024362541,Recommended,211820,24477614,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,BlueMooCOW1225,Mining and s#:+ It's all good.
76561198301004412,Recommended,211820,28236283,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Rafaman,"The grapics are super nice and beautiful. It's realy pen world and has great storylineanyway,I just found tons of free Steam Wallet Codes at{LINK REMOVED}http://steamkeygiveaway.com/You can choose any game you want for free!"
,Recommended,211820,7993292,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,BladeofII,"This game is AWESOME!  Get it, it's only $15 bucks!"
,Recommended,211820,8290621,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,esampson24,"Since it's now out of Early Access, I feel like it's time I updated this review. The game is a lot more polished than it was in EA and is a lot more unique and less like a Terraria reskin. This game has so much potential and it will only get better overtime due to the new mod support via steam workshop.8/10"
76561198057866537,Recommended,211820,28845909,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Me,NPCs attack you for Raining fire burning their houses down.10/10 - would go die again.
,Recommended,211820,25223123,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,The Hero,So this game is like Terraria but like more to it but different ya know so likethis♥♥♥♥♥♥go hard
,Recommended,211820,18325699,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,vender machine,I recommed this game because its a very fun game the only problem is when your computer chrashed it deletes my teleportes and one time it sayed reboot and i didnt know what to do i clicked it and it restarted my questes and my space ship was back to the beginning if the delvopors can hear me plz get rid of thouse big bugs.
76561198111762108,Recommended,211820,24486032,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,The True Crime Boss Man,"This is a great game, and i reccomend it to all players who are fans of Terraria. The only problem is that it seems old computer players can't get in to the game! Please Fix Devs!"
76561198034027641,Recommended,211820,13806492,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Hyperborean Hero !,not to bad once they *FINALY UPDATED IT*
,Recommended,211820,31961754,Posted: 25 May,all,Fluff | GamersUN,"SPOILERS AHEAD. YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED.Starbound is an AMAZING game, fun to play by yourself or with friends. Personally, I think that the game is really fun up to the end of the game where you kill the ruin. The boss fight is really easy, and when you finish it all you have left are these crappy gateways? I think that starbound should expand the storyline more, add dlc, or add some other element to make it more fun to free roam. Because of these reasons, I would rate starbound 4 out of 5 stars."
76561198047314422,Recommended,211820,22539992,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Moartrum,Found a gun shot a carrot 10/10
,Recommended,211820,22626100,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,StormWolf,"An amazing 2d game like terraria,  but space and aliens and stuff"
,Recommended,211820,22628703,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Cotton91,"Tony sucks at this game, He thinks hes the best but he actually sucks."
,Recommended,211820,20987619,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Solar Ace,"Great Game.Sorta like Terraria.In the future.With more lasers.And spaceships.And space.And more things if you include the tens of millions of randomly and procedurely generated weapons, worlds, and animals."
,Recommended,211820,21037204,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,smiley meow cat,This is one of my favorite games there is plenty of things to explore and create in this univerese and after youve done all of that theres even more things to explore from the mod community
,Recommended,211820,22525648,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Yobi,Amazing Pixel gameplay! All of the companys games are awesome but this one takes the cake!
,Recommended,211820,22640541,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Ryu,Played it and soon realized that its everything ive ever wanted in a game.
76561198171296774,Recommended,211820,20835734,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,FLOOF Rj,ITS AMAZING
76561198139296605,Recommended,211820,33668446,Posted: 20 July,all,Kulλx n' Goblins,Starbound > Terraria
76561198091743666,Recommended,211820,24449755,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Frost,the game is just amazing
76561198262051881,Recommended,211820,24449862,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,ianbigdog11,I love space and science fiction and I also love sandbox games. Starbound is the perfect combo!
,Recommended,211820,25514548,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,ColdEyesFour,There is a pig on my ship.....
,Recommended,211820,29832657,Posted: 10 February,all,nothappy,it's ok
,Recommended,211820,24594171,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,AshenEmbers,"Considering that I've been a fan of this game back in the early days of Koala,and the fact I've been playing all the way through the years until the 1.0 release?(Please note I did not participate in the Unstable Nightly updates, therefore my experience with Starbound was purely from the base game and what it offered.)I cannot give this game more enough of a recommendation.-Lore and story is rich and expansive, provides a lot of opportunities for spin-off stories, fan-art, fan-fiction, etc. Using the bases of the game you can always find ways to create a new story with every character in every situation.-Now that I got to experience the combat properly, I love it all the more. It's fluid, it's fun, creative. Every weapon offers a different way to approach situations for combat, and some even offer a fun style of playing too. Which, in the role of Terraria offers 'builds' and team-strategy. Ranged weapons are always fun to experiement with, and the variety of 'Unique' Weapons on offer within the game also give expansive approaches to fighting.- Speaking of Terraria, if you loved building in that game, you'll love Starbound all the more. The fact you're able to create practically any and all styles of buildings, homes, bases, etc, practically gives you endless ways to build upon planets and moons. Added ontop of that with the variety of planets too, it just adds to the best building experience I've ever had. With both Terraria, Minecraft and even Roblox being good building games, Starbound will forever remain my top favourite for building.Should you get this game? Absolutely. Even if it's just to see what the hype is about, I promise you there's something for everyone. As long as you love Space, building, and exploration. Starbound is honestly the best game for you.Only complaint? Novakids. We need more of them freely roaming within space, as either Lone Hunters or funny NPCs."
76561198273189699,Recommended,211820,24594264,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Chiiwo,"It's a pretty good game. Still a work in progress, it just recently exited the beta stage. It now has a story that you must play along with in order to progress. I'll let you play it and figure out the story, it's pretty dramatic. You must explore the universe to progress, but before you explore the universe you have to do a few things in your starting solar system to repair your ship. It's a very fascinating story, and even if it's a good game right now, you have to remind yourself that it's not even close to being finished, which means that this game can somehow get even more amazing! Pretty hard to believe, but it's true. This game is reccomended by many, though bad to others. I don't see how this game could ever be bad. I am one of those people that highly reccomend this game, so playing it is a pretty good idea. Thanks!"
,Not Recommended,211820,24594423,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Nickebbeka,"I have every requirement to play this game yet it alwasys crashes after the chuckle fish logo, i played this 36 hours and i now have to find a new game. I have been able to play and now it just crashes and i cant recover anything i made if i do reset the game. I would give this game 5 stars but with this i dont recommend it."
76561198088437847,Recommended,211820,29865065,Posted: 11 February,all,Spooky Alen,Bought this game a while ago and decide to play it this morning. Just Checked the time and its 9pm
,Recommended,211820,26592277,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,mlane218,>tries to get Starbound: Unstable working>deletes character and universe data for Starbound: Unstable>the game deletes everything in the regular Starbound as well0/10 for making both versions share data for some reason(game is actually gud buy it already)
76561197993864830,Recommended,211820,7979935,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,OuicheLorraine,"It's like mincraft had a baby with metal slug.-destroy things-build stuff-loot-craft-the floor is lavaPlus, monkeys with shotgun wearing lab coats."
,Recommended,211820,15560893,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Turdle,"If you like Terraria, you'll love Starbound because it's ten times better and a hundred times bigger! And it's in mother ♥♥♥♥in' space! With like... aliens and♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198127651141,Recommended,211820,15567448,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,mezjr2112,it is a good game for terraria lovers and all people that like 2d games
,Recommended,211820,13686807,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Jesus is my Nigga,"awesome, I like to you, Indiaaaanaa Jones."
,Recommended,211820,13690284,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Eugene Zeta,"This Game I think is like a combination of Terraria and space. I would recommend this game beacuse it has alot of stuff to make you want to explore the planet that you land on and more. I can't wait for the next great update. :Dif you knew what is around you, then you must have alot of time on your hands-lionessroars11"
,Recommended,211820,13693799,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Slayus,As someone who never really had interest in these types of games I was plesently suprised with how much I enjoy this game. I played Minecraft and hated it. I tried Terraria and wasn't impressed. So to say the least I was very sceptical.After a LOT of recommondations from my viewers (I stream @twitch.tv/slayus)I gave in and got it.I've only scratched the surface of this game & I just can't get enough! I've even hosted a server for my viewers & I to play on.Do youself a favor and give this game a shot. It's worth supporting these great developers!
,Recommended,211820,13768304,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Brentius Caeterson,I poked a wooden spike and died.9/10
,Recommended,211820,14275175,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Lacirev,Spent 2 hours looking for ironFound a chest with 10 iron ore in it10/10
76561198109375597,Recommended,211820,14279704,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Takeo,this game is so much fun
,Recommended,211820,14287677,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Baguette,Awesome Game!!
,Recommended,211820,14292434,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Valence Eos,yes
,Recommended,211820,14292848,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,WinTheInternet,If you like side-scroller space adventures then this is the game for YOU! I wish I could thumbs up this game 10 more times.
76561197995265673,Recommended,211820,14298108,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Mandy Manure,Dont know yet
,Recommended,211820,14299172,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,El Azz0,"Love this game, offers such a relaxing experience. It's a very good game to unwind to."
,Recommended,211820,14423337,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zanathal,This game is freaking Amazing! :)
76561198175112818,Recommended,211820,14425430,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Howlin' Wolf,This game is awesome
76561198050162710,Recommended,211820,14427384,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Madpack,I would reccomend that you buy this game
76561198039880241,Recommended,211820,14300897,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Blade993,"Its good to see that they still do care, good to see some life back in to this cool game"
76561198066621462,Recommended,211820,14301600,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Moist Nugget,Great game to play if your alone or you can play with freinds
,Recommended,211820,14306483,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,☢Major Tom☢ ᶠᵘᶜᵏᵧₒᵤ,yes
76561198044102082,Recommended,211820,14413040,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,@Monotone_Ryouta,Great game lots of time spent makeing towns and discovering new planets.
76561198126694913,Recommended,211820,14426207,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,flaky,Awesome
,Recommended,211820,14287809,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Deevs,I did nothing but play this game or sleep for about 27 hours. A+.
76561198002767649,Recommended,211820,14275892,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Rastus Oxide (Sam),"I let my 6 year old daughter play while I went to the gents, when I came back she'd slaughtered an entire avian village. 10/10."
,Recommended,211820,14287689,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,BvsicDvniɘl,definetly worth the money great game 10/10
,Recommended,211820,14293579,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Symprox,"Nice Game, i could play it the whole day!!! I play Minecraft and Terraria since a year and this is like a fusion of Terraria and AWESOME!!!!"
76561198065630353,Recommended,211820,14413469,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Javalefralop,"When I first got this game, I was a steampunk ape warrior in space - got a home planet, cool armor, fought against avian pirates, discovered a bunch of Humans prisioners of plants, a Mayan-like temple, and many more things. Oh and had banana bread for days.Then the new update came outNow I am an artificial Cowboy in space. Found an abandoned mine within the first hour, and have a bad♥♥♥♥♥revolver. What's not to like."
76561198002492029,Recommended,211820,14414269,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Zero,"I have to say starbound is a fun game. I have about 57.8 hours put into it. So it says on steam anyway. I was a bit skeptical with this game at first. I got the game way back before the big update and for months or  a year? I don't know it flet like a year lol. The developers talked about what there doing, what they are working on how the work is going on the BIG update.Really in my mind I was like ""oh just get the dam update out already!"" and I felt that I was being cheated out of my money I payed for this game. But all that skepticism was gone after they came out with the Big update. I have to say good work to the developers. Now mind you starbound is not all ""omg this is revolutionary game"" But there is no fault in buying starbound. For a game like this...I say I give it a 7/10. It's not crazy out of this world but it's still a good game."
76561198044664132,Recommended,211820,14282655,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Demur,10/10Would kill quasimodo ape again.
,Recommended,211820,8506151,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Soret,"I hope it will get jammed up with a lot of features, because right now it feels kinda empty."
,Recommended,211820,8907562,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Blue Jean V. Debs,"TL;DR: I love this game, but I think your investment will be rewarded more when the game gets a full release rather than buying it now and getting burnt out.First off, I'll begin by saying that I am not often compelled to write reviews for games, particularly for unfinished ones, and though my playtime may not be as high as others, I have reached the endgame ores and crafted the most powerful items and armor (though I haven't searched the universe for the most powerful random weapons), so I think I am qualified to give my opinion.I'm not going to go into detail about how this game works, because most of the people reading this will already be well informed from the massive amount of publicity this game has received. I will say that I absolutely love this game. Unfortunately, though I strongly recommend users buy this when it gets a full release, I don't think I can recommend that you buy this game right now, and here is why.When you first begin the game, you will notice a handy journal with the slightly deceptive/probably foreshadowing label of ""Quests"". As many of you know, the developers of this game are interested into integrating quests into the game that can be gained from NPC's (as far as I gathrer) along with (also an assumption) different quests and story arcs for different races. This is all very interesting and exciting until you realize that after the first boss of the game (essentially there as the end of the tutorial) you will never get a quest again, right now. The rest of the game is spent in a subtly formulaic pattern of ""gather ore, craft better gear, go to next tier, get better ore, craft better tier (albeit with very easily exploitable boss fights in between). The first boss of the game is no doubt the most dangerous. Again, this seems like a complaint, and in a way it is, but I view it more as an expectation of the future. This will get filled in later.Eventually you will fight the last (fourth) boss. After this, you unlock the final sector and the game becomes extremely easy. This is because there are no more bosses to fight to gather tech upgrades and you can simply craft only enough bars for the next upgrade in single trips to different planets. I completed the items for the last 60% of ores I hadn't discovered in about three hours. This has to do with the fact that the high level ores spawn far too frequently (IMO) right now and getting to the next ore is extremely easy (only forty bars per upgrade after Sector X). Again, I understand this is a placeholder for future content and depth, however, right now the game is purely exploration, mining, and making an awesome character. If you are like me, this is still an awesome turn on, as I love exploration and the combat feels fair and balanced, even surpassing its oft compared to ""twin brother"", Terraria, in my opinion.So why in the world shouldn't you buy this game? Well, unless you are interested in supporting the developers like I was, you will get burnt out, and I don't want that. This game has fantastic potential and I lot of love behind it, but trust me, no matter how much you love digging and crafting, it will get old, and when you finish the final tier of ores there is a certain emptiness left as you realize all that is left is to start a new playthrough and do the same thing again. There aren't enough variety in dungeons yet (there will be, I'm sure), there aren't any quests, and the back half of the game is lacking in depth right now. The promise still stands that all of this will be added later, but if you aren't sure about this one, I would strongly recommend waiting for a release or buying it and playing it in small bursts. I don't want anyone to be burnt out on this game before all the content is released for it (notice the 20,000 in game right now at the moment) because I feel like it has so much more to offer.Great combat. Gigantic universe. Awesome sense of exploration (this is the first game to give me a crisis of identity when I didn't feel like I was affected the universe because of how big it is. That is amazing). Great soundtrack. If you aren't sure, though, wait it out or don't just blow through it and you will be in for a big treat when the release date comes."
,Not Recommended,211820,12285547,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,AGayMergirl,Just don't. Seriously.
76561198128414555,Recommended,211820,18957150,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,NHmann,"amazing game, colony update is great!"
76561198079843806,Recommended,211820,18945665,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Nysn,"Currently, I love the game! It has a fun Terraria feel, while still being unique. Instead of the magic with guns feel Terraria gave me, this gives off a true sci-fi feeling. Some people don't reccomend it due to how small it is or how the end game gets boring, THIS IS BETA, there are only two more updates until final release, and those three updates will improve on the game in a major way, also, no more character swipes! :D. Every planet is different, one might be frozen to the core, while another could have giant, man-eating frogs. The character creation, while not like mass effect, gives you a choice from one of seven species, you can costomize hair, skin color, their personality (posture|) and more. It has a small, kind of hidden story, but for the most part is a sandbox game in the cosmos. Some people will say ""If I want to go into space, why not space engineers or something like that?"" Well, In starbound there is a huge amount of planets, tons of alien monstrosities, and a lot of Terraria like fighting. It's mining is done well, You can mine anything with your matter manipulator and upgrade it to make it stronger as the planets get harsher. It's leveling is done well too. If I don't have the right armor, an enemie just one teir above mine could one shot me almost instantly. So if you like indie games and you want a true, side-scrolling sci-fi game, check it out! Hey, If you don't like it, you can always get a refund!"
,Recommended,211820,18962391,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,DilltheLegend,This far by one of the best games I have ever played I truly recommend this game I like terraria and Minecraft but this is way better than the the both of them. You can upgrade your ship explore A HUGE UNIVERSE AND EVERYTHING. Idk but this game has quests in it as well which I really like about it I do wish that there would be some more bosses to fight but that is the only think I think can be improved THIS GAME IS AMAZING!
,Recommended,211820,29799011,Posted: 9 February,all,[C.S.E.] Necronomicon,"dont let all that ""hurr durr this is nowhere as good as terraria"" jerks hold you off this game. i personally like this even better than terraria. to get one thing clear: the only thing these two games have in common are building and crafting. while terraria kinda focuses on basebuilding, starbound focuses on quests and story progression, but that doesnt mean that there is no need for basebuilding. you need crafting stations for better gear to explore higher leveled planets but its up to you if you build a base in some place you like or if you just keep upgrading your spaceship and make it your base. the story is a bit cheesy but i like the dungeons pretty much. ive been playing this game since its early alpha when it was released on steam and i instantly fell in love with it, also as an audio engineer i appreaciate the soundtrack."
76561198198821674,Recommended,211820,29802401,Posted: 9 February,all,cykablyat,very nice game it is very enjoying to play with friends but here is a little bug i am not sure happeneds on every one or not or just to my gpu : so my is i5+gtx960m 4gb once i do 60 fps i have some thing is called diagonal screen tear ..... but its not a big deal for me because i can enjoy game at 30 fps very well :D but still if this can be fixed will be great :D
,Recommended,211820,25054788,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Nooðles,is good:)
,Recommended,211820,13965756,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,WamJam,You can be a sentient fuedal robot that flys around the universe in a castle with a pet pig.
76561198135505383,Recommended,211820,18948174,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,echo,"If you want a sandbox game with a bit of story this game might be worth the money. Also, even If your PC doesnt have the best specs you could still hav a perfect experience, its 2D tho so if you want a 3D sandbox you should buy Minecraft or something... Overall I rate this game 8.5\10"
,Recommended,211820,8670391,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mod_Complex,The Dark Souls of Terraria. Good stuff.
76561198072293028,Recommended,211820,7955222,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AtsuiPanda,Been having lots of fun with this game! cant wait to see where else it goes in the many more updates coming up (:
,Recommended,211820,11096702,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,applebaps,"I have to change my tune on this one.  The most recent update they released added so much new, good stuff, that it's like a completely different game.  One that's far more interesting than what was there before.  The added quest hub area feels bustling and is a nice change of pace from planetary exploration.  Combat feels MUCH better now.  Harvesting goes much more quickly, and the manipulator is actually upgradeable now.  I'm not sure if it's actually this way, but it feels like the interesting procedurally generated places show up more often, as well.Starbound has actually become pretty fun, and is approaching being a good, complete video game.  What the hell?Complaints: certain areas of the game seem ridiculously laggy now, such as the outpost and the first mission to repair your FTL drive.  Since that mission also includes a fairly difficult boss, it's pretty stupid when the game locks in your inputs for a few seconds and gets you killed due to lag."
76561198178292453,Recommended,211820,18259660,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Unknighted64,Great game cool weapones powerful bosses
,Not Recommended,211820,29574038,Posted: 29 January,all,Bakey1anny,"I liked the game, but it lags horribly and and my current state won't even load.Ya know adding some damn settings could help but in it's current state just buy terraria insted."
76561198216313705,Recommended,211820,24559591,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,watch501,great game
76561198075378232,Recommended,211820,24557395,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Skittles,This is a amazing Game But a bit grindey at the begining But over all a really fun game if you like sandbox exploring games
,Recommended,211820,23085527,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ain322,"I've played this game more than a year ago, I really loved it, then decided to check it out again recently after a year of hiatus. The first impression was positive like the AI of the ship, the outpost and the quests, but the positive feeling faded away quite quickly as I started to be become aware of what has been remove/changed that I loved about starbound.Just some of the issues I had coming back to this game:As the hunger has been removed the cooking has become totally pointless, I know it gives a boost but it is not worth it as you will become a Rambo quite fastAs cooking is pointless farming went down the drains along with it, the only reason could be selling the yield as some of the fruits bring fair amount of pixelsPixels are more or less worthless. Of course there is that sailing ship that costs 25K, but after you buy that (and figure out that it's more convenient hopping across the ocean than using it) there is nothing to spend it onThe vendors do not have much to offer, either it is totally uninteresting or you can get it fast by running across planets sucking up everything on the surface like a vacuum cleanerThe matter manipulator has been buffed so much that in it's highest level you can partially disassemble houses by accident.Don't worry about resources, in the beginning it is hard to gather what is needed but then you just hopp down to a planet dig for 10 minutes and die of rare-metal overdoseTo be positive a bit I liked the different toxic planets and such with their bizarre atmosphere, but they do not really add value as it is not worth exploring them and feel empty (also with fair amount of villages that you see one and you've seen them all). The quests are niceTo be more constractive, here are some thoughts that I think the game would benefit fromIt would be nice if there were a couple of more armor and weapons tier which could only be bought from vendors for a nice amount of pixels (let's say 150K for a helmet)The above tier would be used to go to planets that would be deadly otherwiseThe missions are nice but would be more replayable if the threat level was adjusted to current armor tier level, as going back later it is just pigeon shootingAdd steam achivements, they extend the gameplay a lot. Like who wouldn't want to eat 10 chilies while standing in lavaI do not recommend the game in it's current state and the only reason I marked it as recommended is because I do not want to see this game die as there is a good reason why I have starbound as my profile background and would really like to see it worth playing again in the future"
,Recommended,211820,24472717,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ƶelus⚡,"Starbound is a very great game if you are more of a sandbox, survivalist, and an adventurer yourself... I am sure that most of you will like this game especially if you like terraria."
,Recommended,211820,9802802,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,nice guy =D,Fun with friends!Not so much singleplayer...
76561198026539571,Recommended,211820,25586812,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Spanks Masterson,"Many moons ago I wrote a scathing negative review for this game due to varying reasons that the developers have more than compensated for. If you liked Terraria or Minecraft, then you will love this game. It's easily as much fun as both--and while similar--is different enough that it has its own vibe. I can't say much more than has already been said ad infinitum by others, such I'll just summarize with: 10/10. This is a no-brainer purchase. JUST. DO IT."
76561198044478919,Recommended,211820,8440975,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hawke,"Seems good so far, i look twards playing it for some time."
,Recommended,211820,8485327,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,here comes the trump,You legit can make poo in this game-20/10
,Recommended,211820,19641661,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,GmasterJoe,BUY THIS GAME if you want to just play single player.DONT BUY THIS GAME if you wanna play with your friends.BUY THIS GAME if you like to join online russian servers.DONT BUY THIS GAME get raging erections from lag.
76561198307161752,Recommended,211820,28717770,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Potato csgo500,Great game buy now!
76561198006713923,Recommended,211820,18037188,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,PlunderJack///HooT,"Befor 1.0: a nice game! hope for even more content!!After: 1.0 awesome game but performance is just oke.. and I want F**** SPACE!!STATIONS!! and some SpaceFights!! Like a real Pirate would have Arrrrr !!After 1.2 Great the performance is way better it makes even more fun then ever and YOU NEED THOSE GREAT MODS FOR THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!! FU, so good :)"
,Recommended,211820,28594620,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Grawne,"Good thing mods are here to add more contents. Overall, galaxy-scale Terraria, which makes it enjoyable with a friend or some people, bit boring alone though."
,Recommended,211820,32820632,Posted: 26 June,all,JinXButcher,cool and good
,Recommended,211820,24491577,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,✪ ШüԼԲ,"Yeah, buy it."
,Recommended,211820,24949243,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Chertle,"I have owned this game since 2014, I have always loved playing it, I watched it grow, I love the intricate storyline and the beautiful details and graphics, I have no complaints and I honestly think you will love Starbound as well.10/10"
,Recommended,211820,24949364,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,venetiancoin,"Great survival 2D sandbox platform game like Terraria in the universe. Well balanced, funny, and it takes you fast in the action. Multiplayer takes fun to highest levels. Reccomended."
76561198215346008,Not Recommended,211820,24938661,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Thomas the Dank Engine,"Barely works and devs push it out with a 1.0 update that has made almost every players framerate abyssmal... Unplayable and makes me sad I invested into this game. If i could still refund i would, 1/10 great concept, horrible devs."
76561198150088041,Recommended,211820,25002558,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,RadioactiveToss,An all around amazing game!
,Recommended,211820,24424815,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Banshieki,"Great Game, have not played for a bit, but the new updates look awesome. So glad it made it thru to the end!!!! July 22nd here I come :)"
76561198238215192,Recommended,211820,24669542,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Dr.Lex,"when click on ""activate -- the Ancient Gate Console"" to teleport, Mac OS X will shut down the game"
,Recommended,211820,34003350,Posted: 3 August,all,Pepe on Speed,better than teraria
,Not Recommended,211820,34036639,Posted: 5 August,all,RapidDecompression,"The game seems solid, but its interface is just an unwieldy mess of options."
76561198114560558,Recommended,211820,8844570,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,123,Terraria But BETTER !!!!
,Not Recommended,211820,14385912,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[Nomad] Fixo,This Game ! oh this game !BUG !that what it is !I've been forced to reinstale it twice ! and lost all my save !114 hours ! and what ? BUGI can't play it anymore okay ?so NO i don't recommend this at all !BUTthe game could be a great game without those BUG ...FOR SODOMAZOCHIST
76561198146278825,Recommended,211820,32025149,Posted: 28 May,all,TheAssassinator,Worth the money so far!
76561198072035000,Recommended,211820,32027152,Posted: 28 May,all,the cosplay nugget,love this game
76561198093341540,Recommended,211820,8654192,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Shadowstep,i like the game but it dose crash a bit so dont get it if you dont want a game thats kinda bugy
76561198041624317,Recommended,211820,8713228,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,SluperThePotato,Fun take on 2d classics. terria with spaceships :D
76561198048531962,Recommended,211820,32185245,Posted: 4 June,all,Fletcher,The Game a bit unoptimized. But apart from that the game is fun to play overall. :D
,Recommended,211820,16158673,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Pope the am I,"I love this game to death. The game starts you off on the same planet ( I may be wrong) so for instance, if ou built a base on that planet before, it will still be there. Although this does not contain a randomly generated world, the world itself is massive and I keep finding new things. Although the types of biomes are limited which kinda makes every planet feel the same, but there are tons of unique animals and weapons. The story is meh, not good, not bad just in between. Now about the armor, the armor has three branches, Heavy, medium, and light. All of the armor classes come with unique weapons like guns and swords or war hammers and bows. Overall, I think this is a great game and I recommend anyone to get it. 9.4/10"
76561198196420311,Recommended,211820,25539431,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Count Fapula,"Things Starbound does better then No Man's sky-- Better biomes and settlements- Large variety of weapons- Armor customization- Working Multiplayer- Pets- Workshop- Better crafting system- Not lie about whats in the gameThings No man's Sky does better then Starbound-- Learning an alien languageFor a game with 4x the content then No Man's Sky for 4x less the price, get this."
,Recommended,211820,32660415,Posted: 22 June,all,Arcelite,"Starbound ends up being honestly better then Terraria and Minecraft because of mods and constant improvement over the years.Who would've thought.I gave this game a huge negative since the release because of the entire asset removal thing.It ends up being pretty decent in the end after 1.3.Basically to sum it up.The good:- Pretty decent crafting tree.- Food isn't too annoying of a system.- Mech system is interesting but the space station system no longer requires you to make a farm on your ship.- Easy to follow story that doesn't really pinch you since you can just admin items if you don't feel like doing the clues.- Mod community is probably better then even Terraria or Minecraft combined. Probably had one of the best modding experiences, and I hope to god some of the mods come back in 1.3. Looking at you, Megaman Maverick Hunter mod. Mods make this game so damn good. And I hope Chucklefish embraces it.The bad:- Combat needs a revamp. Skill System, improved monsters, deadlier bosses, everything.- Side note: Magic needs a rehaul. The fact that we can only use 2 spells on a staff is dumb.- Crew is still dumb as hell. They'd probably die of jumping into things more often then lemmings. (Thankfully, Earth's Finest mod fixes that, though not completely).- Tenant system still not good. Needs rework.- Story is still meh. The fact that the entire earth government is in shambles just because earth blew up while there's millions of human colonies is goddamn silly.- Few glitches out there still overall. Along with it crashes.tl;dr: The game's decent, but it needs to be harder and move away from the right-click and left-click thing. There's so many keys on the board that's free. Use them.Want the game to be decent to good? Download the Frackin' Universe mod. Nothin' else needed tbh."
,Recommended,211820,8254480,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Misha,"This game is beautifully made. even though it's in Early Access, it is SO MUCH FUN TO PLAY! would recommend. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,23282391,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Macbook Garze,"This game is in early access, but holy biscuits on a pan in my oven it's well done. I would honestly be okay if this was all that the game was, but I'm exited for the full release. 1/0"
76561198071548325,Recommended,211820,8048072,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Effix6,"Starbound is like Terraria in space. Oh, and it's 200% better! You play as an outcast and have to craft to survive. The nice part is that in this game going below 20 blocks is almost completely unnecissary. You can gather all of your resources just by exploring. Not only that, but it's awesome BEFORE IT'S OFFICIAL RELEASE! Sure, Terraria might have a smaller pricetag, but Starbound is worth the extra money."
,Recommended,211820,8005632,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Johnny,"When people say ""this game is like Terraria"", they are not too incorrect. What one must realize is, Terraria has become a name of its own. Terraria was and still IS EPIC. And it is the foundation for excellent ideas and creations. Starbound is exactly that. An excellent creation BORN out of ""Terraria"", so to speak. And the more you play it, the more you realize: it really isnt that much like Terraria. It is so much more!  In Starbound hides literally an entire universe to be discovered. It is really cool to see new planets and animals and monsters and populations on the different planets. Considering it is still in ""early access"" phase, all that is left for me to say is: i cant wait to see this game evolve as i explore its many different worlds !"
76561198187113021,Recommended,211820,24557318,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,thekittyking,This game is great but takes alot of work to get eveything.If your like me and dowload mods that make the game easier dowload Fracture world that mod evens out the other mods.Ps get the CSGO guns mod they are really detailed!
,Not Recommended,211820,24569589,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Vap0rwave,"Game is not bad, loot system needs to be fixed, same with movement system. I recommend playing single player because of the loot system right now."
76561198195080702,Recommended,211820,26482615,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,( ◡́.◡̀) Rose (^◡^ )🎃,So much content i get dizy i like how they put so much storyline and exploring in it
,Recommended,211820,29167773,Posted: 10 January,all,Spooky grandson,"Its really good, it has hours of fun and never gets old. The ending just kicks you in the balls, its SO BAD! I racked up over 40 hours on 1 playthrough, and I was honestly expecting if not a really amazing item, a good, deep ending but no, you just explode."
76561198065272179,Recommended,211820,10345135,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,GAABBE,"Oh my god this last update made Starbound feel like a whole new game. The intro was a beautiful addition. Bravo guys, keep this♥♥♥♥♥♥up! <3"
76561198006609117,Recommended,211820,29977962,Posted: 16 February,all,YoukaiRed,"The stars are so bound, it's great. I've never playted a game with stars more bound than this."
76561198106821564,Recommended,211820,29986401,Posted: 17 February,all,Nanor4,"it's SO COOL 8999/9000 :D, it's just so cool that you can fly a spaceship/home to different planets! really good job!"
76561198089647984,Recommended,211820,24514228,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Mystical,Really addicting game i cant stop playing it =D
76561197995212192,Recommended,211820,24508542,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Nethys,"I first bought this game when it had just started its early access.Played it a few hours, got bored and forgot about it for a while.I'd pop in once a year for an hour or two and get bored.However now that it has released I gave it a real chance and I am impressed.The team stood by this game and improved it continually.Combat is fun, graphics are nice and there's a lot of content.If you like terraria then you will like this game."
,Recommended,211820,24514223,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Hedgehog,Great game Always somthing to do
76561198055962942,Recommended,211820,8592750,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Let Me Die,It is an awesome game :D
76561198217064420,Recommended,211820,29977706,Posted: 16 February,all,Mayasvi,it's fantastic!
76561198074399335,Recommended,211820,18259080,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,versaceboi_,All I can do is think about exploring and looting.-While I eat my delicious Cherrios.-While I'm at school.-While I'm at work (not anymore).-While I sleep softly in my bed.-While my friends hate me for taking all the loot.-While I write this review.This game has changed me. Send help.-10/10 would think about exploring and looting again.
76561198120423008,Recommended,211820,9679438,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,motoender707,great game like minecraft but better and unlimeted worlds with unlimeted monsters
,Recommended,211820,7960481,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,GaruuSpike,"Starbound is an experience. It's not just about the good controls and tight-feedback-loop gameplay, oh no. The whimsical music, fitting weather, streamlined art style and satisfying sound effects all add to the atmosphere, and the result is breathtaking. Sometimes it's not just about the gameplay; it's about the package the gameplay comes in.  There's a lot to explore in Starbound, and the way that everything just clicks makes for an extremely good and polished game. It's still in beta as of this review, but it's promising to be one of the best games of this decade.If you like Terraria, you'll like this. Don't think it's more of the same, though. Starbound is an entirely different experience."
,Recommended,211820,31010111,Posted: 7 April,all,Christopher Ka-Cungus,OH HEEUL YEAH!!!!I love building!I love combat!I love exploring!I LOVE SPACE!I LOVE STARBOUND!!!I have no life.
,Recommended,211820,33986656,Posted: 2 August,all,[HC] RainbowQuantum,-> some light-year's of space travel and character re makes[the game is now out of early access]-> some intense grinding montage-> completed the game-> adds steam workshop mods-> a billion of character customizations later-> a new dawn appears-> gets killed by arailgunbest sandbox Sci-Fi game out therewould grind for that tooperfect armoragain
,Recommended,211820,27956729,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,B Mitch,"This is my game of the year for 2016Starting a starbound game is a gateawau to hours of experiences- Fighting through a dungeon- Defeating a super hard boss- Collecting creatures and Battling them ( pokemon )- Building a resturant to showcase your cooking skills- Building a museum to showcase statues, artwork and dinosaur bones- Building a town for a bunch of colonists- Building a farm and a barn for animals- Collecting every piece of armour- Exploring every different planet- Maxing out your ship- recruiting penguins to fight for you- messing around with your friends- replaying missions to collect every piece of the unique outfitthere is so much stuff in this game to do and i only listed a few things and some stuff you can buildI love this game and i hope it does well in the future"
,Not Recommended,211820,34067616,Posted: 6 August,all,Nothing2cHere (trading),i loved the idea of this game and followed it for 2 years prior to its launch on the steam store page but it may just be me but starbound simply doesnt run very well at all.
,Recommended,211820,16555157,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Tallheart,Finally released!
76561197975667776,Recommended,211820,8045960,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Kessen,Amazing game that is ten times better than terraria
,Recommended,211820,25022034,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Bricky5,"This Is A Great Game. Story Was Short, But It's Still AWESOME. Sure, It May Crash On Multiplayer, (Mainly When I Enter The Outpost) But Single Player Never Crashes."
,Recommended,211820,8519650,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,the voice of freedom,BEAUTIFULat first its like o'crap o'crap o'crap o'crapbut then its like die die dieand then its like pretty goodand then 200 hours later its beautiful
76561198112792224,Recommended,211820,24509671,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Seppo Taalasmaa,Very fun and alot of mods and its sandbox building is fun and this is not like terraria
76561198112181959,Recommended,211820,24568334,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,CarthBlaze,"500 hundred hours later I can say this game is amazing. The beta was great, the full release was well worth it imo. The modding support is fantastic too."
76561198070679149,Recommended,211820,9031417,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Dat Boi,Great game it's like a mix of terraria and star trek i love it! :)
,Recommended,211820,9945936,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Asa,"Even though it's an Early Access game, it's probably the best sandbox survival game I have ever played. The game is a HUGE step up from Terraria, which I only found to be somewhat okay when playing with friends. Even when I'm playing alone, I have a ton of fun exploring each planet, gathering resources, battling creatures, and overall surviving.The game starts with a few selectable races. Each race has their own characteristics and backstory (some of which still needs to be added), but aren't wildly different in playstyle. Right now, the only difference I've noticed between races is who can eat what type of food. As the game gets updated, I'm sure the differences will be more fleshed out.The main goal of the game is simply to survive. You start out in a stranded ship on an unknown planet, and all you can do is gather resources to survive. It's very similar to Terraria, but with a few key differences. For starters, you now have a hunger meter. Oddly enough, the game has been very generous with dropping enough meat from dead animals to keep your character alive (at least from what I've played). The game also introduces a temperature meter, which is mananageable depending on the planet you're on. Once you've got the resources ready, you can power back up your ship and explore the entire galaxy. The number of planets is huge, and the planets themselves are quite vast in themselves, and offer a ton of variety from planet to planet. One planet could be a dense jungle, where as another could be covered in ice and a lot of snowstorms.Unlike Terraria, there is no real definite goal to the game. In Terraria, it felt as if you had to build up to fight these giant bosses, and the game is pretty much over once you've defeated the last boss that you could possibly fight. In Starbound, it encourages more exploration than any other game I've played. I could spend countless hours exploring each planet, and I would only get so far. The focus on exploration increases the longetivity, and adds to the game.However, the game isn't without its faults. Since it's an Early Access game, some features are missing, such as backstory for some of the races, and the questline clearly isn't finished. The UI is also a bit annoying to use, as bringing up the inventory screen can easily get in the way of whatever action it is you're doing. The game's pacing also can be pretty slow at first.Nevertheless, I love this game to pieces, and I can't wait to see what the developers do with this. Highly recommended purchase, even in its current state."
,Recommended,211820,9048736,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Ace Darkmoon,great though it needs more Improvement maybe be able to see underwear when choosing its color? :3
,Recommended,211820,20687639,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Cerux Dentaros,"This game is very similar to terraria but this seems to, in my opinion, be better than terraria and terraria is a finished game! The monster combat system is better, you get far warning when a monster is attacking, and the weapons are a lot better than terraria's in both look and style. Keep it up, Chucklefish!"
,Recommended,211820,20606949,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Plasmon,MAKE ME THINK OF MY CHILD HOOD just play the freaking game XD
76561197962145255,Recommended,211820,24778366,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,HatCat,"Sooooo good to play the full game, can play för 10hours straight :D"
,Recommended,211820,24654438,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Andr3w246,"Starbound is a great game with a great community, but it hurts to see everyone pan this game in the review section.It is a fun game with promise, is highly customisable, and has a almost non-cancerous and helpful community. It has fully working, moddable multiplayer and a complete story to it. The planets are challanging, but fun to explore and walk around. You can make your own colonies, houses, whatever you dream of. There are quests you can do for people in YOUR OWN colony, and if you do enough, they will actually join your ship crew! This just launched from early access (as of review writing), so i was expecting some bugs, you guys should of too.But they removed cool stuff and stuff is broken!Okay then, if you want stuff back, just get a mod and report any bugs, the will still update and work on the game for pretty long i've heard.I shoudn't need a mod!Well, some stuff was either removed becuase of problems or it wasn't/ dIdn't fit into the game style. Getting a mod is stupidly easy, even if you don't want to use the steam workshop. Making a item yourself is easy as well, all you need is MS paint and notepad (I don't know the linux alternatives, sorry :P).I shoudn't need a mod to fix a bug!Calm down! It LITERALLY JUST released from early access! Like i said, they plan to work on the game for a long while.Why should i belive YOU?You don't have to. There are (as of writing this review) tens of thousands of players playing the game, and the negative reviews are way in the minority of people playing (currently 89% [very positive] approval raiting on steam).So, who are you going to believe, the 89% who are playing the game and like it or the 11% who are complaining about stuff that can be adder or fixed with a couple of clicks?TL*DR: This game is great, don't listen to all the haters who are complaining about a game that just launched from early access."
,Recommended,211820,24654454,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,kuhliloach,"Starbound 1.0 is a solid game I found very fun but left me hoping for a lot more. There are some spoilers ahead so please be alerted.I had just emerged from a very intense couple of weeks of Terraria when Starbound 1.0 came out. In all fairness the well stewed Terraria is a tough act to follow. Competing with Minecraft on a sandbox-level: even tougher.Starbound seems to have amazing sandbox potential that seems a bit dulled by some of the decisions that went into the 1.0 release. All traditional gaming conventions such as combat, leveling, loot, mobs, and bosses, felt poorly implemented in Starbound to the point where I would have preferred most of them not to exist at all. By adding these traditional gaming elements, including dialogue boxes and a story line, the sandbox itself was made utterly tiny and almost childish. A space game with this many planets should not be coming across as miniscule. Visiting new planets in Starbound becomes blatantly predictable even though certain elements have been genereated procedurally.Starbound does certain things extremely well. Audio and artistic value are excellent. The music is excellent and does not suffer the repetition-problem that seemed to quickly arise in Terraria's great but limited music score. I am somewhat attached to the (human) character I created in Starbound. Cute AF, and they've given some facial expressions that are controlled by the arrow keys.The building side-of-things seems completely phenominal. I made some basic electronics but clearly there is a deep world of crafting to explore. This would be far more attractive if the product took itself a bit more seriously. Starbound somehow comes across as very ""cutesy"" in areas where Terraria is truly terrifying. How is it that Terraria with its more-finite world still seems so much bigger?I wrote this review because I feel Starbound has an incredible future ahead of it. I'd like to see the product be far more difficult. Limitless teleporting to other players, while convenient, is immersion-breaking. It makes the ship itself seem almost meaningless. The hosting of the game itself turned into a problem; what we need is for the worlds to be hosted on beefy servers so they can be persistent. Everyone was connecting to my game, so when I was not online my friends could not access their works made in my world. The planets could use a serious increase in size. In Starbound you can completely run around a planet in a short amount of time. I'd prefer planets to be so large that it would be impossible to run totally around one. In contrast my Expert mode character in Terraria, Bob, can barely leave the house without running into serious challenges. Just getting to the ocean is an adventure.To wrap this up I'd say go ahead and play this game. Expert gamers can wrap up the story stuff in well under 100 hours. Sandboxers have a ton of content to enjoy. More amateur gamers seeking a slower experience with great art and music should be perfectly aligned with this 1.0 release. Overall a big thumbs up and a lot of fun."
76561198272337863,Recommended,211820,20687260,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,gaby turbo20000,good game
,Recommended,211820,20359774,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Prolix,"ik ik its early access, still, maybe forever. Ive played through multiple times as many updates wipe character data. Fun game to play with friends. This game makes major updates so the game may become something different than what I am reviewing."
,Recommended,211820,20361140,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Dalton,"Solid game, looking forward to release!"
76561198050709771,Recommended,211820,29367195,Posted: 19 January,all,qwixilver,This is the holy grail of RPG gaming in happy marriage to epic sandbox exploration! - stop reading my review and buy the game already!
,Recommended,211820,7974212,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dannyboi12233,50hours. 3 days. Need I say more?
,Recommended,211820,7976692,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ChewyPudding,"If you liked Terraria. You'll love this game. It's like super space terraria, what's not to love?"
,Recommended,211820,8676864,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,I NoWay I,"I had much higher hopes for this game when I bought it a while back. Don't get me wrong its really fun, but I've been waiting for updates for a while, and would like to see more roll out. That being said I don't play on the test servers where the newer things are, but its been ages since I've seen anything new come out. I hope when it does roll out, a bunch of things come out all at once.If you like Minecraft, or terraria You'll have a lot of enjoyment from this. Even more so if you like space. Just wish the game had a roadmap of updates rolling out.Going to keep my rating 10/10 because its still fun just wish more would be added."
,Recommended,211820,7974196,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Little Blue People,"Had it for 3 days, i have 23 hours played, enough said."
,Recommended,211820,13684560,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Killhappy,The first time I've ever felt compelled to write a review on here. I have been hugely addicted to this game. Playing the unstable build has been so much fun. Great game 9/10.
,Recommended,211820,13700195,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Something,Lots of fun
,Recommended,211820,13760995,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,[LoS] Kenta,"Over 800 hours playing. This is one of the greatest game i have ever play, i can fly and discover the whole univer without getting bored. Sure sometime they're the same, but remember, you can add some mods if you're bored, and stop cheating then slow down, you have tons of thing to find. I say this game worth the price, they need more time to update as the world for you to discover is almost infinity. You should check out they website to see more update, don't say they're lazy, you ARE. Go check some update, mods, it will be fun. Go now, your ship wont fill up by itself."
,Recommended,211820,13696835,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,backyardmethlab,"sO cOOL I caN LiTTERALLY LIVE oUT mY wEIRD fURRY FETISH wITHOUT m,Y sTRICT cHRISTIAN PARENts eVER FINDING oUTTHANKS cHUCKLEFISH!!!!!!!!!11/10*YIFF YIFF*"
76561198046757550,Recommended,211820,13726741,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Magical_Pony_Warrior,"Amazing game, it's not like Minecraft or Terraria, as it is not a crafting, but rather an exploration game. Now go, and get those penguins you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!"
,Recommended,211820,13732061,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HomeKitty2,"A bit laggy on my computer, even on lowest settings (then again I use a shared family computer)Awesome game"
,Recommended,211820,13733913,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,~Yuki~,"I cant even begin to describe how amazing, interesting, and well done this game is.Fantastic job to the creator(s)!"
,Recommended,211820,17884443,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Zefer1123,fun
76561198194517185,Recommended,211820,17893688,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Jons_,This game is just awesome keep up the good work!
,Recommended,211820,17883978,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ziocons always win [gamershots],I've got like six monkey's living in my ship. 10/10
76561198071911920,Recommended,211820,24483575,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,zombie.kid,i bought this game for pc .1 to suport this game besuse i like it 2 becuse i had a pc that could play it but i donnt any more so my question is now that you have full release will you come to console?
,Recommended,211820,34026226,Posted: 4 August,all,Sidekick23,"This game has brought me many hours of bliss, away from what I would prefer not to think about. I play with some of my friends and have a good time. Also the races are all done amazingly, though my favorite is Avian. That's probably because out of the four animals groups birds are my favourite. I like the ""star"" theme and the main storyline is done incredibly, though I wish there was an actual boss for the humans (Trump?!?!?!?) instead of Esther giving you the final artifact. Overall this game deserves all the 5 stars that I give it."
,Recommended,211820,19489756,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Badddger,"It took me forever to make my way around to games like this and I am glad I finally tried this one out! This is a childhood gaming dream come true! Don't be put off by anything you see or may think about this game, it is AMAZING! Perfect for grinding away time or flipping sleep schedules!"
76561198071597875,Recommended,211820,34195142,Posted: 12 August,all,Castilho,That's game is amazing. It's worth what I payed for play that.
,Recommended,211820,25883423,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Beesh,this game really shows a way huger setting then terraria and is definitely  worth your $15. since it just got out of beta it has some faults but beside that is is an amazing game
76561198013388993,Not Recommended,211820,25289529,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,General Zod,"8 hours of a fairly bland, uninvolving game. Weirdly, I enjoyed Terraria but this didn't grab me at all."
,Recommended,211820,30182417,Posted: 25 February,all,MIKE,goodest
,Recommended,211820,34149748,Posted: 10 August,all,Bob Ross,The No Man's Sky we wanted.
76561198080273123,Recommended,211820,10004286,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,ogdentron,Its lke minecraft but betterWith player input being listened too opposed to being shoved into a pile of letters to burn like so many other games seeking player inputI definatly recoment his game for anyone who has considered getting minecraft and then though MEH!! such as myself XD
76561198062815636,Recommended,211820,9995467,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Kevanoovitch,I love the game it is great. But I get so annoyed on everybody who is saying it's terraria it's NOT. Starbound is like Terraria but achieved all that Terratia didn't. And the game has lot to offer and it's easy to learn with a little help from the internet. And you nerver get board. But still there is some things that they could add and fix but it's only a beta.A great plus is that Starbound has some great mods aswell!7 penguins out of 10
,Recommended,211820,10002315,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,spongebob lets play,"Best game ever! Nothing wrong for me, even with the Beta, I haven't had glitches so yay! :) Awesome when release comes out!!! :)"
,Recommended,211820,10011682,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Silent Night,"So much fun, A really expansive game with much to do and explore, even though you won't have many quests to do now, its still a game with much exploration and discovery, a must get if you like games like terraria."
76561198083027292,Recommended,211820,10013409,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,SLAM,A must have.
76561198103540114,Recommended,211820,10033074,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,faggotron [VAC],love it. its fun better dan terraria
,Recommended,211820,10012549,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Cactus Bill,"Very great game eventhough Early Beta Access, a little bit clunky but It's beta so you get the picture. Really depicts a Nomadic life in outerspace, surrounded by vast techonology and aliens. Whether you like to settle down on a planet and make it your own or even be a true nomadic space adventurer is really up to you. This game has a lot of pottential because of the Terraria and Minecraft-esque feel to it. However having the feel to actually build in the game has never occured to me since I have been so pre-occupied with adventuring planet to planet getting higher in threat level (yes you don't really settle down on 1 world only) and all the boss fights. Although clunky, the crafting system is perfection and the devs are almost working 24/7 to add new content to the game. But the real question is, what do we do when we are done with the entire game? Do we just keep exploring eventhough we have all the game content? Perhaps we build to our hearts content? That is really up to the devs.+ An Indie game with an awesome concept.+ Creative devs that present that in the game.+ Planetary exploration+ Upcomming unique battle system.+ Extremely High potential game+ A lot of things to keep you occupied.+ An entirely different feel eventhough Terraria / Minecraft-esque- No real end-game ""activities""- No feeling to start building or settling down.- Not really much of a Spelunking game.- Beaming down to planet and getting to that village you found may be a hassle.- Dev's could improve the game more by getting ideas the player'sTL:DRAll in all it's a great game with great potential, and an awesome new concept . Really sets the bar up high for other indie titles."
76561198067215830,Recommended,211820,10022429,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Peregri,Starbound is a good sandbox/exploration game with a relatively lackluster plot.
76561198053211604,Recommended,211820,10008932,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Toxic,this game is worth playing. Even though its only in beta right now.
76561198146213196,Recommended,211820,24654440,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Terdirk12,"fun game storyline isn,t the best but the game itself could be fun with a friend or alone or with mods"
,Recommended,211820,27872233,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Zagh McSpooks,"Just 5 more minutes, mom."
,Recommended,211820,32260696,Posted: 7 June,all,QuinterX,Absolutly insane and great game! Highlt recommended.
,Not Recommended,211820,25971735,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,(づ$෴෴෴෴෴$)づ,i have been waiting for this game for 5 years and it came out i was so happy i was one of the few to get it firsti have played it for copule hours with a friend and it was fun for sometime but then when we got to the final bosswe taut that this is just a boss.We killd it and credits started to appear me and my friend where like WHAT!! thats the end?just 2 kinds of quests wow all that hype for a couple of boring quest 5 years in development and thats iti don't recommend this game at all sure you can build colonies but why for a farm for a great looking house for a few petswhy?And the rest of  the game was looking for ores and other stuff it.From hype to regret of money and boringnes stillthe team put effort to it but 5 years for that pffff. Idont recommend this game at all.And the mods just crash and ruin your game
76561198197755001,Recommended,211820,20365433,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Tiffany,"Good game, the butter to syrup ratio is off a bit however."
76561198210784267,Recommended,211820,20607184,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,derp,I HAD AN AWWWWEEEESOOOMEEE time bating the game until.... some guide gave me the /admin command and ahem /spawnitem command 2 even though i cheated i still LOVED the eperince
,Recommended,211820,20609328,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,a sack of lubricated hammers,"Every time I sit down to try Starbound again (generally after some major patch or update), I have a lot of fun with it.I'm pretty sure that at the end of the day, that's all that really matters."
76561198254902179,Recommended,211820,20687646,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,jv.canutosanchez,this game is fun i know its like terrira but still fun you can youer specis
76561198082894825,Recommended,211820,15678974,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DeTarie,Well what can I say about the game that hasn't been said before? nothing reallyBut if you are still on the fence about this game.....just look at the play times for those that own it. That should tell you what they think of it. Not sure how you give a bad review for a $20 game you have put 100's of hours into. Previously there wasn't a lot of comminucation from the Devs. Now you hear something almost daily. Things at first were a bit slow with updates and have recently really picked up...steam. Come on you know you want to.....Do it....come on Do It..Do It Now.
76561198078373506,Recommended,211820,15691385,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,An1M3_Sh1TpOstEr,"Absolutely great game , really love the updates . keep making them!"
,Recommended,211820,15718093,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,parayeet-----hellcase.com,good good its very good
76561198079965938,Recommended,211820,24471746,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,The guy in your closet,"The game is good but has flaws.- When you make a new character and go to the planet you were on before. The stuff you built is still there. So I wanted to go to a Glitch castle without the stuff I made inside and it was still there (Glitch castles are premade and massive, one of the biggests structures in the game)- Sometimes the game can glitch, rarely does though, like being stuck in the ground.Other than that a few other things not worth brining up it's good."
76561198262247878,Recommended,211820,25991251,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,SonOfEnder42,sorta like terraria if you like that then play this!
76561198231097136,Recommended,211820,25991977,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,The Scotsman,"I never played the game in early access, but I hear it was alot better then. Yes, the game is bland. But it does do a good job of keeping you from being productive in real life.  I would only reccomend purchasing it if it is ever on sale for 50% off or more. On a final note, if a mob is looks like an eldritch horror, it probably has the personality of puppy. If its cute and adorable, it will probably take out half your health just from physical contact6/10"
,Recommended,211820,25993379,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,123Nick,"well, its most certainly not the worst game ever- far from it, so its good enough IMO to be recommended.i have low standards when it comes to recommending things."
76561198037080732,Recommended,211820,15661614,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Gentleman,"Okay, this game is amazing, terraria style but cooler (I love terraria tho)"
76561198032017147,Recommended,211820,32446811,Posted: 15 June,all,Spartan II 777,I like game.
76561198149564710,Recommended,211820,28614446,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,iggy12345,"10/10This game is pretty damn good, but it needs morecowbell."
76561198120325494,Recommended,211820,25792276,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,chadtheturtle,"amazing game, had to reset my character several times because of updates and still have mods from the old forums. this game is NOT a terraria rip-off and is a must play"
,Recommended,211820,25809395,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,SpookyTree,"I believe this game is amazing. I didnt play the alpha and i dont know what is different, but I love this game. My friend recommended me and one of my other friends this game and i dont regret it. But the difference is the friend that recommended me the game played the alpha and I think its hilarious to hear him yell and rage because the monster he could one shot in the alpha now one shots him.9.5/10 would go to radioactive planet and get one shotted by bird again"
76561198233799624,Recommended,211820,25878441,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,PandaBro,Terraria in space. 10/10 Boom done.
76561198245288272,Recommended,211820,25037944,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,NitoTheFunkadelicBoner,Better Terraria and Minecraft
,Recommended,211820,18665376,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,nickysoldier,"I mainly play this game on the unstable version (Which I think i played for 35+ hours now) by my self, I haven't played with mods either.I'll get straight to the point and say what I like about the game.- It has Penguins- Mac support- Mod support- A good amount of weapons- The quests are fun- There are randomly generated villages- This game is randomly generated- It has tons of small things to do- It comes with a unstable version to try out updates before they come out in the stable version- Tons of clothes and armor- Tons of stuff to decorate your house, ship, colony, etc.- The music isn't dark and creepy when your in a mine (yaaay)- Merchants and lively villages- A big outpost area- So far 7 races- A lot of hair styles for every race- The coffee quest got removed ( not that I hated it a lot or anything )Edit: Starbound is no longer in early access and it still holds up pretty well, I haven't gotten around to finishing it but it is an enjoyable experience. There isn't much I hate about the game, although I wish the first few boss fights were a bit more intresting. I have also messed around with mods and I can say the support is pretty great. If you enjoy terraria and wanted more ""variety"" I would recommend this game. If you don't enjoy mining this game probably isn't for you, however if you mess around with mods or commands you can avoid the mining part."
,Recommended,211820,18588496,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Gavin The Master,SO.................MUCH............................EXPLORATION.......................................HELP.................................PLZ haha got u....................................................................................well you are bad with fun and games if you think this game isn't fun.................you disagree?huh?.....huh?...................................................thatswhat i thought.
,Recommended,211820,19045951,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Emma,"Hoo boy, this game is a doozie.And not in a bad way. Here' I'll explain.First of all, what is (in my own words) Starbound? Starbound is an indie 2D block based survival/sandbox indie game that takes place across a wide universe. AKA Terraria in space.This game takes place across an entire universe. First of all, that's insane. Each update of Starbound has a preset randomly generated Universe, unique to every OS. That is also insane. This means players can share coordinates to rare weapons or cool looking natural formations. I myself used a forum thread about coordinates to find myself a legendary weapon. I thought that was amazing, because no other game has something like this.Another great thing about this game is the ever growing story/adventures you can have. The main building-location-thingy of the NPCs, the Outpost, has players completing loads of quests in order to unlock ship upgrades, advance in the crafting mechanics, and get different weapons. Along that, certain planets can generate bases, both neutral and hostile. Neutral bases include NPCs that can sell you items specific to that location's race (For example, an Avian base will have NPCs that sell you Avian furniture, weapons, and armour). Or, a base can be hostile, in which case you will either have to solve a puzzle or kill the inhabitants until you find a core of sorts, after which you can destroy to gain access to destroying the base, letting you take it's furniture for your own uses.Of course, there's just good ol fashioned exploring. Starbound has plenty of planets to explore, ravage, and build upon.Long story short, if you like games about building anything anywhere, infinite worlds, many adventures, and pixel aliens, this is the game for you."
76561198148076450,Recommended,211820,19070210,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,PopGolden emerald.gg,YAS THIS GAME IS A MUST HAVE FOR ANYBODY HOURS HOURS AND HOURS OF GAMPLAY YAAAAAAAAAAS....yeah its cool...
76561198206424145,Recommended,211820,19112392,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Zazu,"This game is very enjoyable. I am a very big fan of Terraria. When a friend told me about this game, I thought I'd give it a shot. The game is ideal for people who like exploring. The only complaint that I really have about the game is that it still lacks content. There is much to explore, but not that much else. There are a few missions and a few different teirs of gear. After only maybe 10 hours, I was pretty much done with the game. However, I look forward to future updats and I believe it is worth the price of $15."
,Recommended,211820,19119962,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Eredan Crow,This game is still in early access yet it offers so much to play with and conjoining with the fact of mods it gives you hours upon hours to play this game and even without mods you can become addicted to this awesome game
,Recommended,211820,19121225,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,The Dinkster,I cant say much but it is a lot better than Terraria and plzzz make a workshop thing or achievements for mac... if its not on mac thanks for still making this game there is tooo much to do last time thaaaaaanks o yeah like the questing system
,Recommended,211820,19122785,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Snek,"I love the game as it is. However, I think that it was much better a year and a half ago. I think they should re-impliment the tiered planet system within the different subsections instead of having them be ""risky"" or ""moderate."" I also think that they should add the jelly boss, dragon boss, and robot boss in to the game again. Maybe they can have the robot boss before the mech battle so it integrates more easily into the story. I think they should multiply the level of enemy and player health to a higher rate. It is just more satisfying to see five thousand damage being done to a high level enemy then one hundred."
,Recommended,211820,19040179,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Bobbi Deniro,"I'm loving it, quite a few things to do, building structures is pretty easy. Can't wait till finished product."
76561198165846617,Recommended,211820,19042279,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Edgar Allan Potato,"If you like terraria you will enjoy this game, nice soundtrack, cool gameplay, not a whole lot do to, but remember it is a early access game."
,Recommended,211820,19043276,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ultra,"I really enjoy this game. I really really enjoy this game. I think this is one of the better early access games, although I thought that Chucklefish abandoned it a while back but now this is a really good game. I love the art style with backgrounds that are amazing. I like the gameplay. I really enjoy the music alot. 9/10"
76561197991334626,Recommended,211820,19108019,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,ʕっ•ᴥ•ʔっ,I have been nothing but impressed with this game. I'm actually surpirsed to still see this in early access considering how much has been added to the game and how massive it is. This is a very fun game to play and explore solo or multiplayer. Once you get into the mods it gets incredibly stupid fun. (Long range mining laser anyone?)
76561198086418143,Recommended,211820,19109529,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Sarthos_Jacruga,"This game is finally out, and it is amazing.Almost every aspect of the game has been improved upon; Survival is back with hunger bar; many new crafting options; another huge combat update; pets are back and incredible;In short, this game is amazing. Sure, it's been a long time coming, but that's just a testament to the Devs behind the game for not shunning and scrapping this game for a new one as so many others have, as well as assuring you they will not be finished once the game is labeled as 'Released'.You should get it. Multiplayer is streamlined; No port forwarding. A little laggy at times, but i'm sure they will polish it up at some point. Until then, plenty of content to tide you over in a solo adventure."
,Recommended,211820,19139043,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,spooks,First of all. the one hour thing isnt true. Ive killed every boss and completed 2 races with out wifi which causes steam to not track your playtime if you didnt know. Ive probaly played about 30 considering how it was addicting for me when it first came out.Starbound is a sandbox game where you dont have to worry about destroying a planet because there are plenty. It starts off very slow and is reccomended to use cheats to actually see the game. Other than that I have no more complaints.It gets fairly difficult to craft endgame armor becuase of the clever limitations of what you can and can't do before and after killing each boss. You can see a very apparent change in how gameplay can be done as you progress and it gets to the point you dont care and just have to work on destroying a planet. It is a very fun game regarding how difficult it is to start off and how difficult it is to get like 600 of the rarest material in the game just so you can get decent armor.I would spend my money on it even though it is still in early access and has been for the past 10 years.
,Recommended,211820,18656917,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Silent1,"9/10Great game, if you liked Terraria and always wanted to have almost infinite worlds to explore this is the game to play.The vast array of biomes, weapons, planet sizes, creatures, minerals, tools and the amount of items you can mine to create your own base on your home planet or even just to decorate your space ship.It is definately a game to pickup if you are a fan of the genre."
,Recommended,211820,19052573,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Akisimaru,"I loved Starbound,but this game sometimes freezes for around 1-5 secounds (when I am fighting it is good,because i can attack enemies and i don't lose health :3),is it a auto-save or the game is glitched? (and i am not the only one that have this problem)"
76561198159875227,Recommended,211820,19102011,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Nickynui,"I love this game, and i can not wait for it to be finished. my favorite part is building colonies."
76561198132776150,Recommended,211820,19137142,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,NathanXD,"Is an extremely fun game, and if you like Terraria you will like this!"
,Recommended,211820,18625489,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,gary600,"I know that people have been saying that the older versions of this game were better, but if you startnow, it will still blow your pants off. The story and missions are awesome (especially if you have a friend to play with) and when you first get to the Outpost after fixing your ship, you will totally agree with me that this gameis awesome."
76561198110557313,Recommended,211820,19099785,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,MerpTheAwesome,Best. Game. Ever.
,Recommended,211820,28703546,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,surrsurus,im really glad no mans sky finally added multiplayer 9/10
76561198164378208,Recommended,211820,26482568,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Austiin,Decent
,Recommended,211820,26482983,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Deadliar,"Let me tell you folks a story of majesty and awe itself.I once went on an roleplaying server with utmost intention of trolling my freaking♥♥♥♥♥off the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ian scrub-rubbers that inhabited it.A few days in, one of the scrub-rubbers attempted to ERP with me.I was playing as a robot.+1"
,Recommended,211820,26485320,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,PrinceBreezy,"A day in Starbound:Made a new character last night and played through the intro, made my way to a space Outpost, and acquired some quests on a friends server. When I logged back in this morning, I found myself on a beautiful forest planet filled with wild life. My current quest was to acquire 10 Copper ore for a scientist on the outpost so he can give me a ""tech"" to augment my physical abilities. I hadn't walked a minute before I stumpled upon ""the house"". It was a massive mansion fashioned in Fuedal-era Japan design. I walked inside to find many caligraphy paintings, a few book shelves, and even fewer lighting fixtures. That's when the ghosts came. I destroyed them one by one, exploring deeper into the mansion as I did, looting along the way. I even managed to save the life of a merchant who was trapped inside and sold me some armor for cheap. Once the place was clear I dubbed this amazing structure my new base of operations. I starting mining nearby and soon acquired the 10 copper ore necesary.Time to the complete the quest right? Wrong!!I had forgotten to save the teleport spot for the space Outpost into my ship. I searched through my ships navigation program, only to find the nearest gateway to the Outpost was in a completely different solar system. And the only way to get there was by fueling the FTL drive of the ship. And the only way to do that was to go to a moon with no atmosphere to acquire fuel. and the only way to survive that, is by creating an EPP, a deviced used to help you breath in situations without oxygen. I went over to the anvil I had created within the walls of my haunted Japanese mansion and was pleasantly surprised: I had almost everything necesary to create an EPP, except glass. Which of course comes from sand. And I happen to be parked on a planet right next to a desert planet. Huzzah!I flew on over to my neighboring sphere and prepared to port down to the surface. But wait! I had learned through trial and error at this point, that you can never be too careful. I took my lazer-pistol out and prepared for what awaited me below. I zapped myself down and what do you know: I spawn between two fire-breathing birds in the middle of a desert-bandit camp site. I'm outnumbered and out gunned, and I end up falling down a deep cavern and almost die. But thanks to some quick thinking, I zap back up to the ship, moments before my persuers could land on me and destroy me on impact. I took a deep breath as I recovered health on the safety of my craft. I zapped back down to the camp site to find the bandits still stuck underground! VICTORY!! I collected the sand necesary, snagged some nifty weapons from their loot boxes, and flew myself back to my haunted samurai abode.I built the epp. I can breath in space. Time to hit the moon.This part should be easy. Nothing can live on a planet without an atmosphere and i just have to dig on this low gravity moon and get fuel from underground. As I start mining fuel however, the AI of my ship shows signs of entities closing in, attracted to the power of the fuel source I am collecting. Thats when the moon phantoms attacked. Giant purple blobs with arms that kill you swiftly just by touching you. None of my weapons work on them and they fly straight through solid objects. I got just enough fuel before one of the life suckers got me.I couldn't believe it. Just enough fuel for a round trip to the gateway and back. I sent my ship into Light-speed travel and set up a tent in my ship to recover health during the trip. I like to think of it as casual cryo-sleep. I activated the gateway. Completed the quest. Acquired the tech. Went back to my haunted japanese home with my butler-merchant and sipped margharitas.10/10  lived a better story than most episodes of star trek for a side-quest. Have fun guys :)"
76561198011763377,Recommended,211820,24145906,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Pyramid Head,"This is a Sci-Fi exploration game. It has a great atmosphere, and is highly immersive."
,Recommended,211820,8069914,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Daft Monk,"Good god, buy this game. I can not even begin to tell you how satifying and deep it is. Minecraft and Terraria can't even compare to what this game has the strongest. Atmosphere. When you first start your world, you feel isolated, alone, and quite vunerable, but then you come across the local aliens and grow in power. Sure this game might borrow a lot from others, but it excells far beyond its predessors. Also there is multiplayer to increase replay value, and even a large set of character creation tools. Did I mention it's only in beta too? Yeah, the only way from, here is up."
76561198089841883,Recommended,211820,32326371,Posted: 10 June,all,嗨浣熊,Couldn't even open the game. Refunded it. Looks like fun though so I'll give it a thumbs up..
,Recommended,211820,34136202,Posted: 9 August,all,✦ MKBadDill ✦,9/10
,Not Recommended,211820,17884448,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sarson,Make the ♥♥♥♥ing difficulty spike lowered like holy♥♥♥♥♥♥the first boss does too much damage and is really difficult to dodge.
,Recommended,211820,17885814,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Mange,i miss being able to make peanut butter from various advanced metals
76561198181508834,Recommended,211820,18298533,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Dopelix,Sci-fi terraria m8.Its all ogre now.Translation:why have u not got this game yet m8.
,Recommended,211820,20013744,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,moon2SMUG,10/10
76561198083833788,Recommended,211820,18285082,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,TDAWGx42,"10/10 would IGN again8/8 gr8 m8 y tha h8""Game Of The Year"" - Gabe Newell, Mike Harrington""i made that up"" - /\Fun game"
76561198363448392,Recommended,211820,30285891,Posted: 2 March,all,bdigney,"This game is amazing i would recomend it to anyone who likes space, side scroling games and adventure it was TOTTALY worth the money I used to pay for it."
,Recommended,211820,34214809,Posted: 13 August,all,ElCapitan,Fun game when it works. Buggy as hell. Crash after crash.
,Recommended,211820,16155333,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,kriD,Starbound is a great game to play for lovers of adventure and sandbox games. Explore the galaxy with a friend for more fun. This game has a sense of humor and a lot of content; a huge amount of content for an early access title. Easily worth at least $40 to me.
76561198039397094,Recommended,211820,8825819,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,TheLegend27,It is an amazing game it is like other games but it is different as well i wasnt a huge fan of terraria but this game is amazing though whatch out for building houses on public servers as there maybe griefers but if you build it on a random world people probbably wont find it but if you havent get this game it is worth 12/10
76561198159576433,Recommended,211820,28783077,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Amades,"Great game! Very creative, a great conscept, new planets, you can do ANYTHING you want here (For the most part).Although, there are some things that COULD make it betterHere they are!-Maybe a Class System, kind of like Clash Of Clans where you can team up with other players!-Some way to meet more players-Making servers easier to get to-A vs system-A few more upgrades to the Matter ManipulatorOther than these few things, this game is great! Please add these, it would make the game GREAT, or at least I think so!"
76561198157813138,Recommended,211820,16236650,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,CSGOLIKE.EXCHANGE CS.MONEY,this game is so awesome if you don't buy it you will always regret it !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!AWESOME!!!!!!
76561198189031349,Recommended,211820,34278429,Posted: 16 August,all,Kawful72,i loved this game but for some reason i cant play it anymore
76561198353898330,Recommended,211820,34282188,Posted: 16 August,all,Chink from the Ricefields,God has given us the holy grail of gaming
76561198025552000,Recommended,211820,28699688,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Black people > Dirty Indians,amazing game!
76561198026192567,Not Recommended,211820,15959329,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Smooth like Sandpaper,Starbound used to be an enjoyable sandbox game. then new updates came in such as the erchius horror and made it an irritable and repetitive dungeon game. Now I absolutely regret buying the game after 2 days spent trying to beat a pointlessly simple and nearly unbeatable boss
76561198334491205,Recommended,211820,34314787,Posted: 17 August,all,BooperDooper,Best game ever
,Recommended,211820,27577978,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Walt,cool cause it's in space so...
76561198055621814,Recommended,211820,34299167,Posted: 16 August,all,Klagent,im stuck help me
76561198322407673,Recommended,211820,30620135,Posted: 19 March,all,Momiji Inubashiri,"Vedy vedy gut gam, eenjoi it vedy mucchh."
76561198082337182,Recommended,211820,10072014,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Mister L,"This game is amazing, trully worth buying!"
76561198008430041,Recommended,211820,28570649,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Gene0083,"Great game with a world of things to craft, explore, fight and what not."
76561198272003316,Recommended,211820,28570953,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Isaac60,"This game made collecting ore fun by having so much more than just ore below the ground / sea of every single planet you come across (aside from barren expanses and moons) there are ruins, homes, portals to strange dungeons, secret rooms with loot and stealable decorations its alot more than just mining and this is only one aspect of this game (allthough its a fairly big aspect) there is so much to do in this game.I absoloutly love this game but thats my opinion it does have alot of problems that need to be sorted out but ive never really cared about them.By the way if you do decide to buy and play through the game download the Frackin'Universe mod which gives you even alot more to do."
76561198257100373,Recommended,211820,34515785,Posted: 26 August,all,epicali,This game is awesome for people who like Terraria and sci fi elements. only thing is its kind of hard at the begining.
76561198336221662,Recommended,211820,34519736,Posted: 26 August,all,(NULL),"This game is absolutely amazing, the story is a little so-so but everything else is fantastic."
76561198115134082,Recommended,211820,28963674,Posted: 2 January,all,Austrian Leninist,"Starbound is a terraria-styled game that lets you travel through space and explore planets with different bioms. Although the gamplay is pretty repetitive it's very interesting in the beginning, but there is this decreasing curve of interest you see in many games. Once you put some time into it you'll see it's often the same, but you'll still remember it as a good experience, because it was up until the point it got boring. Check it out for a few hours of good time, I'd advise you to play with a friend."
,Recommended,211820,24419070,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Choppywee,"This game is amazing, and somewhat shocked. I played way more than steam is showing because most of the time I play directly from the directory which I guess doesn't clock my time spent in this game. But anyways back on track:Graphics: The environment is soothing and pleasant. They have created a world that I enjoy being in.Music: The music is amazing and somewhat reminds me of Morrowind. Not sure why but its peaceful and makes me think.Combat: Melee fighting is a little clunky, Other than that its not terrible.Crafting: quite a bit of stuff to craft, way more than you would expect.Building: Pretty fun but most of the time feels pointless to build on a world. I feel like they should add like mining systems like facotorio. Idk something to give it a purpose to be building. Yes I know its fun to do so just because you can but still. Mothership idea that you got back to an expand further and further with no limitations.Quest system: its actually kind of nice but the rewards are fairly useless.I feel giving an actual leveling system would fix this.More random thoughts:Its really quite cool how you can travel to an infinite number of planets, and just keep exploring. However it seems like some of the planets are uneventful and feel pointless to explore. The enemies are different yes but the combat doesnt vary in any way.I feel like some kind of xp/ leveling system regardless if it plays a role would add a layer of purpose. And give it an even more addicting feel to the game.Feels like something is missing though, either way still its a great game and I had more fun in this than I did playing terraria."
,Recommended,211820,34534742,Posted: 27 August,all,Cromdia,Good game!
,Recommended,211820,25049732,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,LizardGaming13,Its out! ive been waiting for this... soo. yay.
76561198412743198,Recommended,211820,34436018,Posted: 23 August,all,TheGamerGuy,fdjh
76561198122736066,Recommended,211820,8842615,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,GODS! I HATE GAULS!,EPICOSSITY
,Recommended,211820,34545597,Posted: 27 August,all,Pingu,NooNOOT Noot noooot Nooonot NOOOT Nooot. (Noot noot not)
,Recommended,211820,24465864,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Emperor Of Sand,I Have Had The Game For Quite A While Now The Best Way Too Get OP things Is To Go On A Community Server but that may ruin the game for you considering you can get everything in the game on a custom server
76561198169498070,Not Recommended,211820,31261336,Posted: 20 April,all,Lickmedry,"This is a really good game, but it still has its issues with performance. One thing I don't like about this game is that the main mission takes about 2 hours to complete but is kind of boring, the only thing fun about the main mission is the bosses, but honestly, you're better off using commands and just skipping the main mission, but the rest of the game is really repetitive and it get's boring over time. The older version was better for its exploration and letting you get right into the game and letting you build."
,Recommended,211820,28590528,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,I'M SOMETHING BUT IDK WHAT,i think that this game is amazing because you can explore an endless amount of planets with there own unque craetures
76561198118854015,Recommended,211820,34544802,Posted: 27 August,all,Flare The Fox,"This game is BIG! So much to do, so much too see! And all I do is RP! XDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD(How many people actually got this game and found themselves doing that? :P)"
,Recommended,211820,34593972,Posted: 29 August,all,Warhol.SS,very adequate
,Recommended,211820,32275165,Posted: 8 June,all,Your boi Daryll,"So a game that was already released, and one of the best games I'[ve ever played, came out with even more content today. This game is cheap AF for what it offers. Better than any $60 titles I've ever bought. Thank you chuckle fish for letting my life be that much better."
,Recommended,211820,29708622,Posted: 4 February,all,Jamez.EXE,terreria in space what is there not to like 9/10
76561198232842288,Recommended,211820,30345354,Posted: 5 March,all,Your Old Friend Blankness,"This game sucks when you fall to your death alot, I uninstalled!!!"
76561198087866284,Recommended,211820,10942383,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,lucatiel,I love this game. Its like a dystopian Terraria. IT HAS SPACESHIPS! What more could you want? Loads of planets to explore providing months or even years of fun. It can be a bit tough at the start but after a few days you get better gear and you're free to do what you want.
76561198127243221,Recommended,211820,10953490,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ItalianHobo,great gameBUY IT MOFO
,Recommended,211820,10958943,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Coin,"Despite wearing the early access label, Starbound has already exceeded my expectations and then some. It has the kind of scope and long term vision that will keep me coming back for more."
76561198138936843,Recommended,211820,10959589,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Curbstop,I love the game but maby you could add a way to erase your guys because it erases my guys because I there is no space
,Recommended,211820,10979520,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Lithium the Flux,"overall a very fun game.  if you liked terraria, you'll probably like starbound.  my biggest complaint is the level based system for each sector.  ever time you beat a boss and advance to a new sector you are pretty much forced to use the new teir of armour and weapons in the new worlds or die.  other than that, i have no major issues with it.  the ability to customize your ship would be nice, but i can get along without it."
,Recommended,211820,10871863,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Patriotic Hank Hill,Great game! 9/10
,Recommended,211820,10881617,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,ITzDATboi,Game is Good
,Recommended,211820,10905194,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,onyon,died to a walking♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10
76561198061437204,Recommended,211820,10919256,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Scylaxius,"Amazing Terraria-like builder. If you like minecraft, Terraria, and space exploration, seriously, get this."
76561198122686498,Recommended,211820,10959582,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Guardian,"My last review was a bit outdated, so heres an updated verion. Starbound is in no way a bad game, just a bit neglected by the creators. What I mean is the game has been in Early Access for a couple years now, and im starting to think we will never get a full release of the game. Due to this fact I have decided to take my intrests ""Elsywyr"", A.K.A. Smite, Terarria, Star Wars: The Old Republic, ect.So simply put, I would deffinatly recommend this game to someone who loves repetivness and whom has alot of patience to deal with the early access bugs. If your not that person I suggest taking your intrests ""Elswyer""... Did it again."
76561198045728898,Recommended,211820,10863521,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Lordadds,a must for anyone who loves sidescrollers
,Recommended,211820,10870944,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Kl0e,"This game can be very addicting. I've played it almost non stop since I bought it. It reminds me of Terreria and minecraft, but it's different in the fact that it's about player progression and not just building things. You work on upgrading your character and tools, not just building a huge castle. The multiplayer is interesting. lots of public servers being hosted. Have to watch out for people stealing your stuff if you join a party though. I give this game 4 out of 5 stars. Very enjoyable."
76561198091282031,Recommended,211820,10871259,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,wildsonny,Awsome
,Recommended,211820,10875846,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Keep me high,"""In Starbound, you take on the role of a character who’s just fled from their home planet, only to crash-land on another. From there you’ll embark on a quest to survive, discover, explore and fight your way across an infinite universe."" - 7/10Genre: Fantasy"
,Recommended,211820,10913008,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DadjobTheKnobSlobber,Great game in it's growing stages; definitely will keep playing and exploring the cosmos!
,Recommended,211820,10924144,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Taylor Swift,"Starbound is a game of universal exploration where you explore planets and adventure into space. The music in this game is phenonimal (especially the title screen music). The purpose of the game is to survive in a hostile world and craft, build, and adventure with the materials you find on a planet. I find the concept quite addicting as it aims towards a more sandbox style of gameplay. When you first start you are given quests that guide you toward the basics of Starbound's survival mechanics and teaches you how to play the game. However after the very beginning of gameplay you are on your own which can be somewhat trouble some as you have no idea what you are doing. All in all, this game is amazing."
76561198040857664,Recommended,211820,10942916,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CaptainStadt,"Fantasticly addictive game.  It has so much to explore, there's never a moment where there isn't something new to find on some distant world."
76561198136188413,Recommended,211820,10955604,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,John Wilkes BOOM,"super fun, a little weird but ou will get over it, hell, on the first planet you get to kill an entire prison off, the writing in it is shpooky, but oh well, just get it."
,Recommended,211820,10972552,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mango,"I have to say, I didn't think I would like this game, mainly because I didn't really like Terraria. But once I bought this and played, I was addicted! I love the pixel art style, it gives the game a good fell. The creativity and community is amazing. All good things from me about this game. I am on the edge of my seat for the next update. I just wish that I could get on a good multiplayer server, those are kind of hard for me to find. Overall, this game is fantastic! I recommend buying it!"
,Recommended,211820,11050733,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Fractal.Fires,"awesome game, simple to play, complex to delve into, bursting and enthusiastic community, pretty liberating to play. 7.9/10.didnt like the lack of ability to upgrade the ship however. Meh."
,Recommended,211820,10953793,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DeadAsh745,"Must of us heard Terraria get flack for being a 2D minecraft. Those of us that tried it, loved it. Starbound takes this a step further. You have a ship and can visit many different planets and systems (seemingly infinite). You can even set down in an astroid field and you have an oxygen tank. Prepare to meet, trade, and defend yourself from many different races. Starbound is the game that every game in its genre should be and it's still growing. It's well worth the investment."
76561198042325998,Recommended,211820,10960970,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Critell,Tentacle planets....need I say more?
76561198095423589,Recommended,211820,10881646,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Makso,"This game.........is unique. It can be seen as a combination of so many great feature- a crafting and survival based system, a storyline and quests, and simple yet elegant graphics. Its Terraria in space with aliens. Its Minecraft with a story. Modding is fun as well, I'm glad the developers enabled that. Although, re-downloading the game after crashing it when i install two clashing mods is annoying. Besides that, My only other disspointment with this game is the complexity of setting up the multiplayer. I completely failed setting up Hamachi, and after countless youtube tutorials I managed to establish port forwarding. You can't really hear my aggrevation because the result was fantastic and I immediately forgot the excrutiating process I underwent.All that aside, I strongly urge anyone who liked Minecraft or Terraria to get this game."
,Recommended,211820,10883584,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Deathspire,Very open and diverse world full of interesting monsters and landscapes. Huge complex crafting system makes for nearly endless entertainment.
,Recommended,211820,10915010,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Plebníček,No comment...  GREAT GAME!!! BUY IT NOW!!! RAISE YOUR CREDIT CARD AND PLAY!!!
,Recommended,211820,10955480,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,"NWG_CptStealth ""The Old Guard""",I LOVE THIS GAME. YOU WILL TOO. BUT MY CAPS LOCK IS STUCK SO YOU MIGHT NOT TAKE THIS SERIOUSLY
,Recommended,211820,10963669,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,_Yoshi,"So much fun, but you must play with friends for it to be awesome."
,Recommended,211820,10877178,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Theoreticalogic,buy it now
,Recommended,211820,10936420,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Deffy,"Starbound is a sidescrolling exploring platformer, and a lot of fun.Starbound builds on concepts from Terraria, and it does it in a good way. It takes something that was already fun, exploring a wast world and brings it to a new level with inter galactical travel. Wast amounts of worlds to explore and visit, different environments that requires you to do more.You will reach the end game pretty quickly, we're talking 8-10 hours. Which kinda makes the game short, but you can always do more stuff. Play on servers with friends, explore together and build awesome basses and mod your ships.It's a fun experience and for a cheap buck it's worth it, just be sure to bring some friends a long to make the experience way better."
,Recommended,211820,10941740,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Pimparoo,"Starbound is an amazing game about traveling through stars and different planets, achieving and progressing, i find it fun to search for specific items and such while traveling through different sectors filled with fun. Definitely a game way more fun with friends."
76561198058056154,Recommended,211820,10964559,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,HallowedBiscuit,"i like this very much, its entertaining and funny, i an amazed by ever new thing i find. 10/10"
,Recommended,211820,8565397,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,~  冬の夜 ~,gg bruh
76561198165483233,Recommended,211820,32734403,Posted: 24 June,all,bmoga149,It is cool
76561198084753438,Recommended,211820,32730130,Posted: 24 June,all,God,Lmao i love it <3 10/10
76561198134172456,Recommended,211820,32731441,Posted: 24 June,all,Razersharrpe,Very fun game
,Recommended,211820,32299791,Posted: 9 June,all,Suriyawong,Many hours of fun. Constant progression by dev team. gud game
76561198049692343,Recommended,211820,32732810,Posted: 24 June,all,Begunister,"Terraria ♥♥♥♥s a spaceman. Really well executed game, really fun. I enjoyed it, yeah"
,Recommended,211820,32728407,Posted: 24 June,all,Bartys,So far amazing game :) Everything No man sky couldnt be :)
76561198027585396,Recommended,211820,10320241,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ajay Ghale,You should buy it
76561198081259911,Not Recommended,211820,25932592,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,driven,theres a forest totareal
76561198073983203,Recommended,211820,29453524,Posted: 23 January,all,flstantonbrian,"I believe this is the only game I've made a comment for. It is simply an amazing game, by far one of the best I've ever played."
76561198297432588,Recommended,211820,29452647,Posted: 23 January,all,skyarc,I'm not interested in this latest mech updata.Provide space war pls.And pls let the temperature system come back.表示对机甲什么的完全没Xing趣。“舰娘才是王道”
76561198053002709,Recommended,211820,28539531,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,jcorr3075,"This game is awesome, it's a good balance of easy and hard, also, you can keep playing after the main story and not lose intrest"
76561198161710105,Recommended,211820,24960160,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Jack_383,"starbound is an awsum game with almost infinity with alot of diffrent kind of planets to explore the ai of the cats is anoying because the get infront of any chest or crate you try to open ,has alot of texture gliches but still the game has alot of progress to make which will for sure fix some gliches 10/10♥♥♥♥♥♥s out for harambe"
,Recommended,211820,15443095,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Hrethric,This will go down as the best 2D side scroller of all time.
,Recommended,211820,15447869,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Toastyfox,"how to begin, i have had starbound for a while now, since beta stage: progenitor or something as such. and at that point the game was fun however lacked any storyline, and since then the starbound developers have never ceased to amaze me with the creativity and fresh ideas that could be put into a 2d game.to try and explain what you would be paying for, its kind of like this, imagine terraria, but in space with hundreds of different planets all with their own different eco-systems and enemies, dungeons and rare weapons.the good-- lots of weapons to choose from each having own advantages and disadvantages- a long storyline (can't say about the ending as i havent finished it yet)- lots of upgrades and powerups to buff your character- ability to choose your own race- this game is hilarious. hands down.the bad-- to progress to different planets and aquire some upgrades it can be a chore, of gathering tonnes of coal, if you want to travel far,- some of the quests can be vague to describe your objective, and leave you struggling to complete them- some npc's will just destroy you by mobbing you.*- the game is in early access still, and so could change, so i would only recommend purchasing/ downloading if you are prepared to watch a game flourish.*i found a way around getting mobbed is to lure them away one at a time, its ardous but will keep you alive.overall i would recommend this game as it is fun and worth the money because of how many hours you can get out of it before getting bored/ completing it.thanks for taking the time to read this reveiw-Toasty"
,Recommended,211820,15437426,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,I know im bad stop reminding me,"Starbound is an amazing game that no matter what, Its difficult to get bored because theres always more to explore. My character got wiped for the last time a while ago and I was back at the beginning, although I didnt care that much. I just started back again and mined more ores and explored more planets. The Multiplayer is also amazing so I can find a simple server and join with a friend or two and have fun together. Starbound is a game I would never regret buying and glad I bought long ago!"
,Recommended,211820,15436396,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,skerb,cant join game iVi
,Recommended,211820,31945307,Posted: 24 May,all,Cole,"If Terraria had a child with Stellaris mixed with a bit of cancerous mods. The story is decent, The graphics are very high quality pixel art, and Chucklefish is one of my favourite developers/publishers. The amount you can do in this game is almost endless and I would recommend it to anyone who liked terraria or who likes space in general."
,Recommended,211820,8136435,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Kuroshi,Played like 10 minutes of this game with my friend and i got addicted right away! Awesome game with a lot of planets to go to to explore and fine new stuff to do and build!
76561198323233583,Recommended,211820,34670001,Posted: 1 September,all,Keynynthekid98,Really mad right now every time i want to play the game i have to delete then reinstall i hate doing this can you please check this out? but besides that love the game!
76561198236499914,Recommended,211820,34676209,Posted: 1 September,all,vexedwin9s,this game is admazing
76561198312563026,Recommended,211820,34543157,Posted: 27 August,all,xxTurtle_Derpxx,"Is there gonna be an update that fixes the lag in this game. I have the recomended specs for the game, and even when i put it on lowest setting it lags. Halp"
,Recommended,211820,34703728,Posted: 2 September,all,Alysia the Alcoholic,Ive spent enough time on it to say I like it.
76561198137290359,Recommended,211820,23318147,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,RJpredator15,"This game is absolutely AMAZING!! I got it back in 2014 ( I think ), Y\'know back when the bosses had summon items and stuff, i didnt really enjoy it as i had a TERRIBLE laptop that ran the game at 20 fps (on average). I recently got back into it now that my computer runs it at around 50-60 fps and oh man am i glad i got back into it! I love the new vehicles and the missions for the boss battles and stuff and i cant wait for update 1.0 when it comes out of, ummm is it BETA? My favourite features are that with different races you get some different weapons and armors and you also get different ships with different races. I also LOVE that you can make your ship bigger and that you can colonize them! Anyway im gonna shut up now because im starting to get bored myself so if anyone took the time to read this, im sorry!"
,Recommended,211820,23530569,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Echo,"- I Love the fact that it's constantly updated.- I Love the fact that you can choose different races to play as, it adds a lot of diversity.- I Love that every planet is different, including the plants, atmosphere, animals, and structure generation.- I Love the fact that I have my own spaceship to customize/upgrade.- I Love the sheer amount of buildables, leaving more than enough to suit my building needs.- I Love the easy character customization, goes in line with the diversity of the different races.- I Love the multiplayer support as well as the modding support.- I Love the diversity with weapons, not just different weapon types but differing stats/textures/names for each one.- I Love the fact I have 400 hours logged.- I Love the fact I'm still being entertained.Sorry for my unorganized ramble, but I love the game, its community, and its developers enough for it to be one of my most played games. If I had to categorize it, I would check off Sandbox, Indie, Sci-Fi, Adventure, Fantasy, all of the above.10/10.Thank you."
76561198093434799,Recommended,211820,34723091,Posted: 3 September,all,manofraystorms,this game is gud
,Recommended,211820,34738555,Posted: 4 September,all,MangoFarmacy,I can play Fur Elise on multiple instruments.So far I have a guitar and a Koto.So far the game is wonderful10/10 would make a band with myself again.
76561198304431579,Recommended,211820,32983300,Posted: 29 June,all,Eyebrow,Time killer... this game is...
76561198045728576,Recommended,211820,10908857,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,bunnoid,"Really beautiful soundtrack, and the possibilities are endess. Been in a sci-fi mood lately. This game is really amazing, and I can't wait for more updates."
76561198001568458,Recommended,211820,10957725,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,ninpo,Starbound is die.
,Recommended,211820,29789944,Posted: 8 February,all,Shuc49,"Think of this game as a terraria campaign mode set in space. It's a fun game, but it could quickly become repetitive. There are many star systems and planets to visit, but there isn't really a need to go to all of them. There isn't really anything new and the planets all look similar and have similar lifeforms. It is very fun initially as you discover new creatures and vegetation, but you quickly realise there are only a limited number of them. Despite these negative aspect of this game, I still had tons of fun playing it. I suggest going into this game with the mindset that this isn't a sandbox game like terraria, but rather a game which tells a story and you are playing a campaign mode. Overall, this game can provide tens of hours of fun, I suggest playing it with friends."
76561198079475882,Recommended,211820,29775818,Posted: 7 February,all,Shadowspawn,"A wonderful game, reminds me of Minecraft and Terraria.  I love the exploration and differnt  planets although they do get reptative and kind of boring after sometime of exploring. I miss the old days of you could explore every planet with just a singler protection device I don't like having to lug 3or4 differnt protection decives around just in case. I love the crafting, building, mining and just basic survival. Good game glad its finally a ""Game"" lol. Some things need work like more vertation and some new mobs with differnt attacks."
,Recommended,211820,29776065,Posted: 7 February,all,"Nezzie, I live again","I like it, I wouldn't really recommend to buy it full price.. wait for a sale and get it."
76561198004145045,Recommended,211820,29776168,Posted: 7 February,all,Devilshonda,"D.....I bought the Starbound four pack febuary 4th and 4 days later it comes on sale....But it is a fun game, we play it with our kids."
76561198339260619,Recommended,211820,34670686,Posted: 1 September,all,The_Strange_One,"i love this game to death, but for some reason it doesnt save on my other computer wen i log in to starbound"
76561197965950415,Recommended,211820,34515463,Posted: 26 August,all,Fixit,Amazing. It feels like a grinder at first but its a case of wax on wax off. There is lots more to explore. Its everything good about a space game in 2d format. You can build space stations and navigate outside them!Buy it and give it at least 24 hours of play.
76561198023023836,Recommended,211820,20573827,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TopKEK,"Starbound is awesome, even if they changed alot its still one of the best games out there!"
,Recommended,211820,19573294,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Zy / Kuramichan,"Way better than minecraft, why you ask?  since it's not 3D and all that…well it's simple…THE CREATORS OF THIS GAME ACTUALLY UPDATE IT WITH NEW CONTENT OFTENLY, WHICH MAKES YOU WANT TO CONTINUE PLAYING, THAT'S WHY :)"
76561198201900090,Recommended,211820,20576327,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,TheDarx_Void,"Bought it, Played 30 hours, still haven't regreted it. I hope that's all you need."
,Recommended,211820,10884910,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MR.lag,"alright game, just taking forever for updates after the team moved to london"
,Recommended,211820,10926765,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,alienslut,monsters shoot rainbows and kill you 10/10
76561198114894669,Recommended,211820,24481612,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,"Jasako, Triggernometrist","truly the game of the century! games like this are getting rarer and rarer, keep up the good work!~La volpe"
76561198152965246,Recommended,211820,28048887,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Radical,good game
,Recommended,211820,28046554,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,To be Frank,You can fight a space pirate penguin while you are manfish inside a modded robot with lazorz# of planets/10
,Recommended,211820,28045065,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Ric,"This game has a dark and brooding past, just like your favourite anime character. Fortunately, it managed to crawl itself out of the♥♥♥♥♥♥it once was.It also has a really cool title name. STARBOUND. Gets on your head, honestly."
76561197991182368,Recommended,211820,32321619,Posted: 10 June,all,MajorChubby,"This game was everything I wanted it to be, unique, lots of content, challenging. I do love this game and I see they are still updating it which is also nice!!!"
,Recommended,211820,8010023,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Frunobulax,"My old review (early access) was negative, but now (much later) that I tried it again, I find it greatly improved.  They clearly have made a lot of updates and game bal;ance changes.  It's not as brutally difficult at the beginniong, and the addition of a storyline, quests, multiple races and planets, etc are very welcome.  I've been playing it a bunch recently and plan to continue.  If youu passed it over earlier, I understand, but if so give it another try.  It's a lot of fun now.My only real criticism is that I definitely  don't like the big ""end bnoss"" battles, though.  You can play the rest of the game without lightning-fast reflexes, but the boss battles are back to being an arcade game from the 80's.  It sucks that you can't progress until you've defated them.  For those of us who don't have the reflexes of a fifteen year old anymore, it's really frustrating."
76561198030721707,Recommended,211820,17468564,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,LT Gen Klink,"Starbound, it's the facebook to terraria's myspace. Terraria even gives you a Tom when you have no friends."
,Recommended,211820,8488725,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Salad Fingers,penguins with lasers 10/10
,Recommended,211820,25569499,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Curtis Durane,This is nothing to do with bounding stars
76561198033115654,Not Recommended,211820,26048777,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Deonorth_,I wish the game supported 1776x1000  resolution as i can't play it with a large portion of UI not visable and i refuse to play in a window like some kind of peasant
76561198123177911,Recommended,211820,10351870,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,lucianocamp,Amazing
76561198097756176,Recommended,211820,21777380,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Jager427,"I'm not gonna lie, this is a fun game. However it doesn't seem like it will ever make it out of Early Access. Unforntantly. I've also had quite a bit of trouble getting it to work. I reccomend it only if you want to play a fun little Terria like game with some different twists."
,Recommended,211820,21822487,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,a noogie with a boogie,terraria in space with guns
,Recommended,211820,34588282,Posted: 29 August,all,SkeleDude177,"Starbound is brilliant. You may believe that it is a complete rip-off of Terraria due to it being a 2D survival game but it is so much better than Terraria. Sure, the beginning is a bit uninteresting but if you skip the ceremony, it is much more interesting. If you look for a mine on the first planet, you can easily get the 20 core crystals to go to the ark where you can agree to go to the Erchius Mining Facility (You'll need good armour to survive). Complete the quest and you can pilot your ship.The space exploration in Starbound is amazing but to travel to other galaxies, you need fuel- which is a large setback unless you use the console command '/admin', which makes you invincible and gives you the ability to craft anything. This can become exetremely helpful in some cases.The quests, though, can become pretty repetitive on planets because they are usually, ""My friend is over to the East (or West), can you find him/her and bring him/her back to me?"". This is quite annoying as you'd want an immersive experience going from planet to planet helping locals.All in all, though, for £11.99 in the UK, it's a good price. It's fun and has absolutely brilliant mods such as the 'WhoBound' mod which allows you to craft huge amounts of Doctor Who gear in Starbound. It's brilliant."
76561198251525564,Recommended,211820,34578585,Posted: 29 August,all,IndianaJoe4323,"Starbound is an amazing sanbox explorer game, based upon the future. 15/10, definately reccomended! :D"
,Recommended,211820,18966873,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,ブリザードの孤独な雪,Not a bad idea if you like 2d minecraft or terraria.
,Recommended,211820,9756808,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,GB4MEN,Amazing Game
76561198109352261,Recommended,211820,24714942,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,jimmyr,"This game is a blast to play from exploring barren planets, to discovering a prison taken over by the inmates the game keeps you entertained. It is a great time if you enjoy exploring. I personally enjoy this game significantly. If you give it a chance you will not be disappointed."
,Recommended,211820,24848601,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,pieceofcheese87,"As someone who played and enjoyed terraria, this game was a blast. I loved every moment of it from the soundtrack to the visuals. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,211820,24898336,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Asvarduil,"Once upon a time, you were a recruit at Starfleet Academy, when a super-powerful alien entity decided that reality is like a hentai visual novel - time for the kid gloves to come off, the tentacles to come on, and the Earth itself as the schoolgirl to be violated.  You were lucky enough to survive in a highly damaged ship.Starbound is a 2D block-buildy game similar to Terraria set among the stars.  The scenario is that Earth was destroyed as noted above; you have to collect six Macguffins and defeat the final boss to avenge the Earth...regardless of your origin race.  Good times!Starbound draws inspirations frommanygames and IPs - Terraria, Zelda, Metroid, Star Trek, and more are represented in some way or another.  And, to its credit, it does it well.You can't talk about this game without noting that this is a controversial title due to things that happened during its lengthy, well-documented/discussed development.  I am going to intentionaly ignore those things and talk about the game we have in front of us, today.  The question I am answering isdo I recommendthisgame?The answer is yes...barely.What WorksFirst, the general presentation is well-done.  The art style is effective, the music is tranquil and plays to the aesthetic of exploring an uncaring universe solo.  The nods to other IPs are done in a loving way.  The creative team on this game did great.The static content is very well thought-out, to the point where I could comment that we could've had a great static game a lot more quickly than it took to get what we have now.  The first boss, the Erchius Horror, is a great puzzle boss that emphasizes mobility over brawn.  The various 'protected' mini-dungeons on planets are great parkour challenges that use the mobility mechanics in this game - including double-jumps, morph ball segments, and dashes - to great effect.  The story underlying this is a standard, but lovingly delivered B-movie plot that is cheesy, but sincere, while moving the player to take on greater challenges.The construction aspect of the game is also good.  You can make your planetary colonies truly yours, and it's always nice when your colonists periodically give you gifts for keeping them safe and happy.  There's so many possible ways to build homes, it's ridiculous!What Doesn't WorkBefore I begin, a relevant side-note: I find myself often griping about how Steam game developers don't seem to have a good grasp on good UX (user-experience).  UX is about using trends in how people actually use software, to make usingtheirsoftware easier and better to do.  Chucklefish: you're next on the gripe-list.My specific problems with the UX begin with the 'hot key' setup that is used in release.  You can press buttons 1-6 to access a left-mouse/right-mouse item pair.  Does that sound unintuitive?  If you said 'yes', you summed up my thoughts.  A more standard 'press 1-0 to use a certain item' setup would suit the game a lot better.Now, before anyone says, 'But...Asvarduil!  This game has a two-handed system where you can dual wield or use a shield with a 1 handed item, or all sorts of other stuff!'  Unfortunately, this game has some balance problems where there's no good reason to use 1-handed items - they do far less damage than their 2h counterparts, and using a 1h weapon means you give up the secondary ability that 2h weapons bring to the table.Getting back to UX, a problem is that key bits of useful information are hidden or non-obvious.  In Survival difficulty, the hunger meter is unmarked - I didn't know I was hungry until my SAIL informed me that that dinging I heard meant I was hungry.  Your current pixel count is not obvious either, which is a problem when you need to go shopping for items.Getting away from UX, a higher-level problem I have is that the world generation algorithm doesn't take into account the fact that this game gives you the double-jump, morph ball, and dash mechanics through an easily-accessible sidequest series.  The game would be more interesting if random worlds made it so that using those mechanics is easier than simply digging past obstacles.The TL;DRThis one was a hard one, but I do, barely recommend it.  The game in its release state has more good than bad in it.  The mechanics can be a bit repetitive when they're not under utilized, and the UI alternates between good and unhelpful, but there's a good game behind those two major flaws.This game is recommendedwith the caveat that it will not be for everyone, possibly due to art style, possibly due to being yet another block-buildy survival game, and even due to this game's history.  Nonetheless, this is far from the worst game I've played on Steam -Star Trek Onlinehas that ""honor."""
,Recommended,211820,24900373,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Master,"I love this, only gripe I have about it is the recent update, no more racial weapons (I really liked Timmy) apart from the guns of the Novakids, and the lack of human colonies besides the trailer parks, I miss the big uscm bunkers. Now all we've got is the uscm prisons, and I'd like to see more friendly human cities, after a but if research I'm told that the reason the uscm bunkers aren't implemented was a bug with the mobs and hostile npcs killing each other before you even got to the dungeon, so hopefully that gets sorted in another update along with the racial weapons and possibly a way to save your characters and a planet or two as a personal home planet that's not lost during a wipe. Other than that, it's really fun and I'm looking forward to updates with new content and planet variety, maybe a mix of ocean planets with other biomes, that would be sick to walk through the forest out onto a beach and a huge ocean, might make my next ocean base on something like that."
,Recommended,211820,24902738,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dar,Followed this game before early access and was excited then and im excited now. Its finally here and it delivered. great soundtrack and solid pacing. I definitely reccomend.
,Recommended,211820,24707515,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Jurza,I watched my girlfriend kill her crew with a malfunctioning firework. 10/10
,Recommended,211820,24897252,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Sapphire,I have been following this game through development.  And I kept coming back to play a few days to tantalize myself.  While I can't say 1.0 is exactly what I wanted it is definitely great.  I miss a few things that got cut.  But I have high hopes they will make their way back through DLC or the great modding system.  Right now I am just enjoying an infinite universe with varied planets and randomized foes.  There are enough interacting systems to keep most everybody busy for a long time.  Today I spent the day hunting down sources of sand and oil to upgrade some of my tool benches.  And I had a blast just doing that.  Because I ran into many things that sidetracked me because they were fun.  This is a low res NMS that actually delivers.  Best $15 I have spent in a long time.
76561198046822100,Recommended,211820,24898513,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Nick S.,So like. This game has evolved alot. Before it was just a universe to explore with your ship. Then it was a universe to explore with more♥♥♥♥♥♥ Then it was a universe to explore with some hot aids quest system. Then it was a universe where you had to complete hot arbitrary quest to explore. Finally now that it has been fully released this game is pretty alright. With the new workship there is endless potential.
76561198129170586,Recommended,211820,24898741,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,007darth,"Absolutely amazing story, once you get started, you just have to complete it, and there is so much to explore and discover."
,Recommended,211820,24899165,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,JavaMatrix,"The 1.0 update is magnificent. The game was already a diamond in the rough, but the update cut that diamond just right, and it's an extremely fun game in every way now."
,Recommended,211820,24901052,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Dampened Shock Absorbers,Space Tentacle Hentai: The Game
,Recommended,211820,24901417,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,Roots,"Wow, people love to rip on this game. That's pretty much every other survival game at this point, so I can't say I'm surprised. You know something is wrong with the top rated reviews when the game has a mostly positive rating.I personally have a lot of fun with it and have reccomended it already to my friends that don't have it, and I have played this since the Alpha so I'm pretty sure I know what I'm saying when I say the game is much better now. But hey, I guess people are so ♥♥♥♥♥y about change they need to write a review and only talk about the negatives. No, this isn't all the top rated reviews, but certain ones. I'm no reviewer, so I'll just say the game does have problems, every game does, but the workshop support combined with the muuuuch better combat make me happy, so I'm sure it would make my friends happy too.Peace."
76561198028313317,Recommended,211820,24904532,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,coffeennicotine,"Okay, so it's late and this review is going to be short. I'll just say this: For $14.99 USD you're getting a LOT of game. I've owned it for about a year or a bit more; so I've seen it evolve a litttle bit. It's fun. From the combat, to the building and managing; it's a good time.A Word on the bad reviews here___________________Don't buy into them. You'd spend more than this on a night out to the movies. What you get with Starbound is a charming experience that's fun to keep coming back to. The kids leaving these negitave reviews today are the same ones that will be stiffing their waitress on her tip because she charged them for extra ranch tomorrow. In other words just self entitled a-holes who act like they paid $60.00 for this game. It's $15 frickin dollars people.To truly help you decide to buy____________________Go to Youtube and watch a few vids on the v1.0+ release and make your own decision."
76561198083828104,Recommended,211820,24906963,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,yidgit,"Honestly I don't get why people are going on about the lack of story. Heck, Terraria never even tried to have a story, but you don't see people whining about that. Personally, I think Starbound is jam packed with variety, imagination, and color. That saying, I don't think it's quite as full as Terraria item-wise (especially after the removal of racial weapons), even though I'm hoping post-launch updates will fix that, but I still think there is enough item-wise, and that the multitude of biomes and dungeons makes the universe enjoyable to explore."
76561198272428048,Recommended,211820,29575274,Posted: 29 January,all,HoT BeaNs,starbound is now my favorite game its so fun
76561198273731947,Recommended,211820,29575672,Posted: 29 January,all,Deadlake,"I highly recommend this game to anyone who has played and loved Terraria. They are both similar but different. The crafting system is quite fluent and the combat is pretty good. And also if you like space games, this is for you. There is a lot of exploration to do and different kinds of it. There is a wide variety of items to collect throughout your playthrough and you will have fun looking and hunting for everything."
76561198297369378,Recommended,211820,29577879,Posted: 29 January,all,rexrecks,"Starbound is a great game, I personally like the different races and options in the game, if you are interested in sandbox games with a campain this is the correct game for you to play."
76561198274308053,Recommended,211820,29582286,Posted: 30 January,all,$BanjoMan$,Yeah pretty good
,Recommended,211820,29590544,Posted: 30 January,all,Тихий,A better version of Terraria. You can be a cute bird and you get to ruin the vanilla experience with a ton of mods!
76561198078945456,Recommended,211820,29590596,Posted: 30 January,all,kube,"If your game crash after fish logo,you must delete Starbound via Steam and manually in the common folder.After that,the game should work.Wenn euer Spiel nach dem Logo abstürzt,solltet ihr es deinstallieren.Via Steam und einmal manuell im common Ordner deinstallieren,anschließend sollte das Spiel wieder funktionieren."
,Recommended,211820,15900223,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,CheesyWhales,It's like Terraria but not made by a seven year old in MSPaint.
,Recommended,211820,15863821,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,i drink bleach,If there is one thing i have to say about this game it would have to be Penguins
,Recommended,211820,15894259,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,{Minty},its  a space game.
,Recommended,211820,15903797,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Samwiz1,"Best. Game. Evar! I like it so much i own a server :D I'd reccomend it for any type of Gamer, but especially roleplaying, sandbox, platform and adventure.www.StarboundDiscovery.comi love this game sooooooooooooooo much :3"
76561198214202736,Recommended,211820,15878113,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Juggernaut,BEST universe experience ever
,Recommended,211820,15896353,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Sir Neko,"Great Game. There are updates all the time, content always being added. Who knows what this games full potential is."
76561198025315698,Recommended,211820,15896360,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Theekeeper,I have spent 104 hours in this game its good syfy side scrolling fun :)
,Recommended,211820,15901102,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Fionn234,Great!
76561198162503915,Recommended,211820,15912047,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,gandhi,very nice
76561198060129075,Recommended,211820,18580943,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Generally Awful,"all though its not finished, and has some pacing and polishing work that needs to be done, this is an atmospheric and fun game"
,Recommended,211820,18630192,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Lynx,Now this game is AMAZING! Endless possiblilites endless creations! Endless everything! As you can see by my hours :P i love it! I highly reccomend itedit: moved over to linuxaaaand as you wouldn't expect AT ALLit works for linux except the fact after a good 20 minutes of playing you cant move ANYTHING or clickor minimize
,Recommended,211820,18633638,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Kirrian,Cool game.
76561198255983745,Recommended,211820,18648628,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Shadow,This is a really good never ending game!
76561198122564773,Recommended,211820,18648772,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Breezycatcat101,"Reccommened, it's very interesting A lot drew me and my friends in. Theres a lot of opportunities for different people, like quest people, people who like roleplaying, building, fighting, people who like to just make goals, and more! considering it's still being worked on, PS Keep Going Chuckefish! <3"
,Recommended,211820,18664144,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Clueless,"Wonderful game. It is constantly being updated, the lore is great, and it has pets. Many might compare it to Terraria as it has a similar playstyle look but is completly different. Great for players of all ages."
76561198108267844,Recommended,211820,18638310,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Yan-Deer-Chan,"Awesome game, love adventuring planet to planet, having chances to find some amazing stuff. Or enjoy the beautiful scenery <3, the storyline quests are soooo kewl. M8 i r8 this 8/8!!! (jking 10102045/10)"
,Recommended,211820,8573927,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Guisouro,"Did you liked Terraria? Starbound has so much more to offer in the present build, and is still growing. Beaultiful graphics, weird worlds and various species with their own quirks. That and more you find in Starbound."
76561198326812634,Recommended,211820,29401516,Posted: 21 January,all,yooo,a better no mans sky
76561198189135231,Recommended,211820,35232682,Posted: 26 September,all,Desert Eagle [TC] | Blw.tf,"lol i found a glitch and can replicate it. if you click take all whilst the container thing is closing, your game crashesOther than that it is a good game"
76561198010209637,Recommended,211820,7983947,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jack Of Blades,"Little slow getting started. A lot harder than Terraria, and mining takes a little bit longer. But this game is BEYOND huge. Endless worlds, vehicles such as hoverbikes, the building system is AMAZING for making a house in just about a minute! This guy is a MUST for all Terraria lovers. I know I love the hell out of it, and have already wasted MANY hours playing this."
76561198114795217,Recommended,211820,19259570,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Squidward Tortellini,Well I guess Cthulhu will awaken any day now that Starbound has finally left early access.
,Recommended,211820,30517275,Posted: 14 March,all,Modemus,This is what Terraria should have been.... That game pales in comparison to this..
76561198035506750,Recommended,211820,28457700,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Mike,"There's nothing quite like going on an difficult, adrenaline rushing adventure on a toxic planet while fighting savage beasts then returning home on a snowy planet, eating muffins, drinking hot chocolate and playing jingle bells on the guitar.10 / 10 would play that guitar again."
76561198245131470,Recommended,211820,35232644,Posted: 26 September,all,5chm1dty,"The game is great; however, I keep getting kicked off because the game says, ""You were disconnected from the server for the following reason: Incoming client packet has caused exception. I just want to play the game, but it kicks me off everytime I play. Please fix this or could you guide me through it and help me enjoy the game again. Thank you."
,Recommended,211820,25161068,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Jitsuryoku,"I personally love this game. Having played terraria my hype for this game remained high since I first heard about it. I see this game as a metroidvania game with some extra features and it hasn't disapointed me. There's a lot of exploration to be done, it's insanely fun to play with other people and it's a game that makes crafting/gathering feel fun, rather than running back and forth waiting for nodes to respawn. What's more, the game FEELs unique (apart from obvious similarities to terraria). It's more than I've seen most games released in last 10 years or so.What most of those videos don't cover:Progression is purely item based. You only get stronger by getting better items (you do get a few skills in game, but those alone will mostly affect survival/mobility)Multiplayer enhances the game. Having ability to build structures and wiring brings a unique multiplayer experience. Apart from general exploring players can share the challenges they created.Mods give this game a new life. I strongly suggest 1 playthrough without mods, just to experience the game. Once you're done with that you have a whole new game with some mods (if you spend the time finding mods to enhance the experience).Overall, I would recommend this game to anyone who finds this game even slightly appealing. If there's at least something you like in this game, I think the game will pull you in with the rest."
76561198314858316,Recommended,211820,28460332,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Marcoh :D,"The best gameThe truth was not very sure at first because I saw it a little strange, a friend recommended it to me and that day was one of the best the game is very good, it is now my favorite game thank you team starbound! :D"
76561198057890816,Recommended,211820,9227529,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,DJ Bigg Rob,"Ever played Terraria? This is Terraria on steroids. Game looks beautiful and feels great. A little confusing at first, but when you get the controls down, it's amazing."
,Recommended,211820,20567071,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Harmon,"Terraria in space. What's not to like? Oh, no native gamepad support. Would really like that. Other than that it is a superb 2D pixel builder."
,Recommended,211820,9161604,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ow,A Very Hard Game But I Like It! 7/10
76561198110970982,Recommended,211820,33811666,Posted: 26 July,all,hi im bob,It fun
,Recommended,211820,29078277,Posted: 6 January,all,Haunted ♥ Sintie,"This is one of those games where if someone says it's a bad game they're either wanting attention or not putting thought into it.I remember first seeing this while on early access and instantly betting my money on it knowing that this game would be a great promise(and so I did by buying it during beta)and I was right!It's stunning and even after playing it since beta and finishing it 3 times thanks to lore changes I still can't understand how genius this game is!Filled with life and endless enviroments, it's like Terraria with a huge focus on exploration, an entire galaxy for you to explore!Endless possibilities, you can either keep travelling and building up your character, or even start colonies and entire civilizations, you can find countless and unique allies through your exploring, and even when you think you've already seen everything this game reminds you about what makes me personally prefer this over any other 2D survival sandbox game of sorts!Features:Random Weapon Generation.Character Customization and Development.Colony/Crew/Gang/Faction/Planet Creation.Galaxy-wise Exploration.Challenges and Dungeons.A Lot of Loot.Mechs.Space-Station Creation and Exploration.Workshop Support.Amazing Soundtrack.A Lot of References.Underwater Planets.Different Races and Respective Cultures.Different Fighting Styles.Storyline.Limitless Building.More Than 200 Random Hats.Hardcore and Challenging Achievments.Lazer Guns, Beams, Staffs, Wands, Swords.Wiring Systems.Farming and Culinary Systems.Difficulty as well as Scaling Difficulty.Monster Catching and Fighting System.Dying System, in both Clothing and Building.Many More. (I know, hard to believe.)This is what No Man's Sky would be if it ever got to satisfy 1/4 of it's hype, one of the best indie games I've ever played and always a good choice to come back at playing it! Really wish this game would be more popular, it deserves ALL the highlights!Worth a shot, worth every cent, worth every second, this is without a doubt a great game!"
76561197984673043,Recommended,211820,8204915,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jensen,finally able to rebind
76561198183607018,Recommended,211820,25846395,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,FatherSalami,"Love this game! Its like a never ending terraria. there is no end to the planets you can visit. the character creator feels loving, and the music is as uplifting as it gets. If your a lover of terraria or space games i higly reccomend this one. you'll be pulled in wondering were the hours went. the devs update the game often to keep things fresh. i highly suggest checking starbound out!"
,Not Recommended,211820,33596284,Posted: 16 July,all,CoasterCraft Gold,This would be a great game if it didn't crash from runtime errors all the time.
76561198027348455,Not Recommended,211820,25186741,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Drewcifer,Meh its ok... it might just not be my thing but I think they put alot of effort into it and its alright if you like this typer of thing. Couldn't hold my attention long enough but it seems like there is alot here to play around with.
,Recommended,211820,15499996,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Kyle_Shadowflare,Can't....stop.....playing...
76561198136053314,Recommended,211820,15509009,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Animorph,i love everything about this game especially the new april 21 giraffe update. so glad that we have cute little pets now and teleporters and i can bookmark all of my favorite planets so i can have as many homes as i want.
,Recommended,211820,15510313,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Jens,"It's a fun game that is really easy to get into. It makes it even more fun that you can take your stuff from one server to another, and even bring it to your single player world/galaxy/universe. It's a great game. 1Million/10"
