user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,212480,2380752,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"""What defines Sonic? What sets him apart from other major franchises?""""Well, he runs very fast.""""So how can we improve on that?""""Put him in a car?"""
,Recommended,212480,32383935,Posted: 13 June,all,Cheesequake,Mario Kart for pc.
,Recommended,212480,7916604,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,"JetGrind, Shogun of Karts","I've played this game with a couple of friends a bunch over the last couple of days, and have played a ton of it on a different console, and I can simply say that this might be the best Kart Racer ever made. It takes everything good about Mario Kart, gives you more ways to increase your speed based on your skill, and has many different ways to play any character allowing you to play with anyone you like and have your optimal stats.The course design, give or take a level or two, is always on the point. There's nothing more satisfying than learning a course and being able to flip and drift constantly. The ways the courses are laid out and change really allows you to visually tell how much better you're getting at playing, and it's always a nice feeling.The graphics of the game also manage to shine quite well. With a well optimized engine allowing for nearly anyone to play, it's almost a surprise how good this game manages to look. The small details in everything from the Casino Park level to the Jet Set Radio level pop out quite nicely, and manage to look good even at top speeds.The gameplay of the game is fun, simply put. I really can't think of another way to put it. The items are fun to launch at your friends or enemies, and they can all be avoided with other items or skill. If you dislike Mario Kart simply because of the blue shell, this might be your game. All three of the vehicle types are also perfectly balanced, and feel great to play with. It's just fun watching your car swiftly turn into a plane and then continue flying against your opponents.If you're looking for a game to sit around and play with a bunch of friends online, I would highly recommend this one. It just never gets old."
76561198025301599,Recommended,212480,12592071,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,ZOR33L is,hands down the best Kart racing game since Crash team racing on PS1.
,Recommended,212480,19322432,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Al Forno [Olive Garden],"This game wasn't supposed to be good.It's supposed to be a crappy Mario Kart rip-off with the Sonic IP lazily slapped on it.  It's supposed to be a second-rate Kart Racer that you bought for two bucks because you were drinking too much and thought that buying ironic Kart Racers was hilarious.What's actually here though is polished, well-presented experience.  The game is fun!  It controls well!  The levels are great and I'll be damned if I didn't have a great time playing it with my friends!"
,Recommended,212480,1660682,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,TG_Judgement,"Likely the best kart racer on PC. Sonic Racing Transformed's gimmick, the changing tracks & vehicle transformations is well executed, with each of the 3 vehicle types (car, boat, plane) feeling different, although the water driving feels a bit iffy. The tracks themselves are also generally very well made, with all of them very closing resembling the stages from the games they take inspiration from.The game also has a pretty good roster of characters from the sega stable, including   characters from sonic, Jet Set Radio, Skyes of Arcadia, and even PC exclusives like Football Manager and Heavy/Pyro/Spy from TF2, and while not that different from eachother, they still have small differences.Lastly, perfomance wise, it's one of the better ports I've seen. PC's from 2008 will run this game just fine @ 60FPS or nearly that with most eyecandy on max."
,Recommended,212480,18063556,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Bignastycupcake,It takes AGES to become good.But it takes SEGA to become great.
,Recommended,212480,8465158,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,nerrof,"Absoultely amazing, completely addictive kart racing game that blows Mario Kart out of the water. The Steam version of Sonic and All-Stars racing Transformed is the best one by far, just for being able to run at 60 FPS if you computer can support it. Seriously, it just looks so much faster and feels so much better than the console versions.Gameplay modes include the amazing World Tour, where you take on various missions and collect stars to unlock more characters and modifications for their vehicles. Grand Prix, your standard Mario Kart style mode where you compete in a series of races and try to get more points than the other guys. Time Attack, where you attempt to get the fastest lap on a track. The game also has online matchmaking in the form of standard races, Arena where you can compete in the game's 3 arena modes: Battle Race (like a regular race, but you are knocked out after taking 3 hits), Battle Arena (takes place on special combat-based maps and try to shoot the other guys and stuff), and Capture the Chao (find a Chao and deliver it to its destination, while others try to bump into you and steal it), and Lucky Dip, which is a mix of the two modes and also includes Boost Race (tracks have more boost pads, but no items will spawn).Online is fairly populated in the Race lobby, but seems to be sort of dead on Arena and Lucky Dip. A word of warning: Make SURE you at least play through World Tour before going online! There are plenty of VERY skilled players online, and you'll want a decent grasp of the tracks and the controls before taking them on. Thankfully, the community is one of the best i've seen in any online game; I've nearly doubled my Steam friend list just from playing this! The top players have written plenty of guides for this game if you're having trouble; be sure to check them out.Unfortunately, since this game uses the same peer-to-peer networking as the console versions, lag can rear its ugly head. Its two major manifestations take the form of collisions that send your car flying, and several-second pauses that can throw you off guard. It doesn't happen every race, but it can show up, so be prepared.Overall, just a great game, never thought I'd put so many hours into this, but I just can't stop! VERY recommended purchase!"
,Recommended,212480,32344687,Posted: 11 June,all,NovianKnight,"This is probualy one of the most diverse racing games to date. Every map has a huge change somehow, each lap chaning  the way you race. I love the transformations, which makes the game even more fun and the character roster is pretty big! I really do hope they make another game in the future, this should be bigger than mario kart 8."
,Recommended,212480,23649741,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Adam XYZ,"Why have we not seen a sequal from SEGA yet, it's easily just as good as Mario Kart, probably better for being a much more balanced Kart Racer.Come on SEGA, shut up and take my money, you actually deserve it, I wish I could give you more.9.5/10 Not Perfect, but this games addiction level is over 9000."
,Recommended,212480,32690016,Posted: 23 June,all,peacock,"WOW! First off, I rarely review games. Second off, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is AMAZING.I just got it on sale during Summer Sale 2017 and thought I was going to play it for a few races then get back to my other Sonic games. Boy was I wrong! This game is ADDICTING...It's Mario Kart on steriods for the PC!-Beautiful Dynamic Levels-Characters We All Know And Love-Land, Water & Flight-Diverse Career Mode With Fun Unlocks/Stickers/CasinoI'm only a few hours in and completely blown away. I'll be playing this game A LOT."
,Recommended,212480,12492389,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,MrCrossa,"As good as or even better than Mario Kart in all catagories. Don't be put off just because Sonic is the main selling point. Great challenge, great controls, great multiplayer. For sure worth a check out if you like party racers such as Mario Kart, Crash Bandicoot Racing and Modnation Racers.And TF2 characters as racers. Enough said."
,Recommended,212480,7930541,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,GumpyGoat,dis game was 2 fasti don like games that is 2 fastbut i like dis gameit is fast
76561197992206547,Recommended,212480,29929372,Posted: 14 February,all,B00tsy,"After seeing this game passing by on the activity page so many times I thought I will finally try it out too.And yup it's a cute, funny and polished game!  Not dissapointed at all :)The performance is good too, I have no problem running the game at maxed out resolution with a GTX970.Good buy on a sale!"
,Recommended,212480,24007776,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Rutterhern,"Before you decide to buy this game ask yourself these questions:- Do you want to play mario kart on your PC?- Do you love crash team racing?- Do you enjoy goofy race?- Do you want to race multiplayer locally to have some fun with friends?- Do you like Sonic?----Then Buy it----But remember........THOSE AI WILL DEFINITELY KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥THOOO!!!- Their cars accelerate faster than yours- They will always target you NO MATTER WHAT- Near perfect driving troughout the race- The Possibility of them getting allstars is much higher than yoursAnd you think that getting gold medal in Gran Turismo is hard? Try the hardest difficulty and we'll seeThis is the dark souls for kart racing guys, but still a very great and polished game 8.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,12896077,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Ally,"First game I bought in steam, for full price, at first, I felt like I wasted all my money, but then I shut my mouth and enjoyed one thing, something so big, I didn't relize until I played it...Its not just racing, Its racing transformed! 10/10"
,Recommended,212480,27474303,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TZOMAS,"Best ""kart"" racing game currently available on PC, played it a few hours."
,Recommended,212480,10988407,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Whether navigating the labyrinthine hallways of Curien’s Mansion or dodging the reptilian occupants of Death Adder’s Lair, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is the right kind of trip down memory lane. A superior Mario Kart clone and certainly the best Sega has ever produced, especially in terms of the teary-eyed nostalgia inspired by its endless retro cameos.Amazingly beautiful tracks where you race, swim and fly, sometimes changing the level as you progress through it, are what makes this game great.Nostalgia aside, Sonic Transformed as a kart racing game is a blast to play and it comes highly recommended, especially at the reasonable Steam price."
76561198060979916,Recommended,212480,12525401,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Senoinya Aumeriyal'e,"Admittedly an oddball in my Steam game library - one filled with gory shooters, slaughterfests, and other such M-rated material. Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is like the stray hippie amongst a population consisting of shizophrenic sociopaths! If you don't like long reviews, just skip to the last paragraph, where I summarize everything!I quite honestly don't remember just how exactly this game ended up in my library, but I recently decided to play it anyway.  Because while I may have many games I still need to play out of my library, I've been desiring a decent racing game for quite some time. Did I expect this game to actually fulfill that desire by being anything close to what could be considered a quality racing game that brought me some great amount of entertainment? Honestly, no, I did not.But alas, I was surprised! What I expected to be nothing more than a dumbed down racing experience with unbalanced items and cheesy banter between characters that would make me want to turn this into one of those M-rated shooters I own so that I may claim unsavory vengeance upon them for their horrible forced personalities, turned out to actually be one of the few good racing games I've seen on Steam!How is it good? Well, allow me to explain! Wait... Oh, right, that's what reviews are about... Um... Moving on!From the screenshots, and the involvement of Sonic and co, in a bright and cheerful-looking environment, one may be brought to the understandable conclusion that this game would only be enjoyable if you were young, or the stereotypical ""hardcore"" 50-year old Sonic Fan with no friends, who yells ""You're too slow!"" at every car he drives by on his way to his minimum wage job at the local McDonald's. You would be wrong.Amazingly enough, this game is actually enjoyable regardless of age, and you really don't have to be a fan of Sonic at all to enjoy the gameplay. I'd recommend this game regardless of the age of the player, as it's obviously safe for young kids to play, but definitely offers an enjoyable experience for older players as well (For reference, I'm almost 19).Is it for the ""filthy casuals""? No, not at all! While a casual could definitely get into the game on the lower difficulties that take nearly no skill whatsoever, a pro gamer could easily find a good challenge on the hard, and expert difficulties!My only complaint would be how few tracks there are. A total of 16 new tracks, with an additional 4 classic tracks, plus mirrored versions of all the tracks, and +1 new track with a mirrored version if you get the DLC. Thankfully, the game offers a variety of modes to make this small number of tracks less bothersome. Nonetheless, it is a small amount, and new DLCs with additional tracks are unlikely.Speaking of the DLC, it's not bad, but I certainly wish it offered more than just one single new track. A full circuit of four new tracks would certainly be more appealing. The DLC track isn't really worth it in all honesty, since it's not nearly as interesting as the tracks originally in the game, and there's also a few bugs in it that can be accidentally triggered from time to time (nothing too frequent, so don't worry). Buy it if youreallywant a new character, and desperately want an extra track. Otherwise, skip it.So, in summary, a great game for all ages (children or adults), and offers a challenge for both casuals and hardcore gamers, providing a small number of tracks, but a fair number of characters, and overall one of the fewgoodracing games on Steam right now."
,Recommended,212480,16252504,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,THiNGYBOBinc,"Pros:+Amazing soundtrack+Decent gameplay+Wreck-It Ralph+Racetracks from more than four games+Golden Axe+Nights is playable+Skies of Arcadia+Smiling Shadow+After Burner+AGESCons:-Willemus-General Winter-Alex Kidd is permanently wearing a Santa costume-No Chu Chus, Opa Opa, or Bonanza Bros-The Billy Hatcher course is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t-WHERE IS BIG THE CAT"
,Recommended,212480,31033174,Posted: 8 April,all,Olde,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is a great game. No, I'm not kidding. This is better than a Sonic game deserves to be, hell, it's better than a SEGA game deserves to be. This is actually a real competitor for the Mario Kart franchise, and it's one of the better racing games you'll find on Steam. It's also probably the closest thing we'll ever get to having Mario Kart on Steam.Okay, so let's get it out of the way first because it's been said to death, and it's true: this game is basically a Mario Kart clone. It's very easy to see how the older game was translated into this. Sonic & All Stars Racing Transformed doesn't score high marks on originality. For instance, a lot of the pickups are basically just reskinned versions of the ones we know and love. Instead of green shells, there are snowballs. Instead of the red shell, there is an RC car. Instead of the mushroom, there are boosts. Instead of the mine, there's is a blowfish. Instead of the golden mushroom, there's the hot rod. Instead of the invincibility star, there's the ""All Star"" pickup. The racing gameplay is also based entirely around drifting. On top of that, there is the battle mode akin to the Mario Kart style. As said before, this game doesn't do much in the way of uniqueness, but it's the way everything coheres that makes it stand out.Okay, so let's talk about how this game isn't like Mario Kart. There are three important gameplay factors here: the first is that the game is based on three different kinds of vehicle types: car, boat, and plane. This creates quite a bit of variety in the playstyle and level layout, which tends to change from lap to lap. The other thing is that while yes, drifting between yellow, red, and blue sparks was a thing in Mario Kart, here the boosting is much more prevalent (a third-tier boost gives you much more boost than it would in Kart) and the pre-boost drifting seems to lower your speed more than in Kart, making it slightly more of a risk. The third aspect is that you now gain experience points for each character, unlocking different ""mods"" that alter various stats for the players. You start out with 16 or 18 already unlocked, and you can unlock another 10 or 12. Each character only uses his or her own cart but can unlock five or six mods, granting you about 180 different loadouts, possibly more.There are a few other things that this does differently than does Kart. For instance, the ground will frequently give you opportunities to do stunts, the correct implementation of which will give you boosts, which are essential to winning on the higher difficulties. There are also unique pickups: there's the rocket, which fires straight ahead and is essentially like a very hard green shell to aim. There's the glove, which lets you pick up any item thrown at you and lets you take it for yourself. There's the twister, which can spin an enemy around. And there's also the notorious SWARM OF BEES, which is the most random of the bunch, putting bees in the field. Mario Kart fans may be pleased or displeased to hear that there is no real equivalent of the blue shell in this game.Before talking about multiplayer, I do want to mention the single-player. Single-player is way more fun than it deserves to be. The career mode has multiple parts, including world tour and grand prix. World Tour seems like the main single-player ""campaign,"" and is intuitive, easy to understand, and has a lot of cool game modes, some of which unfortunately didn't make it into the multiplayer. Game modes such as Traffic Attack, where you have to avoid cars and go through certain zones to get time added to the clock, and Pursuit, where you collect ammo pickups to destroy a tank that's firing at you, are just great fun and add a new element that had been lacking in Kart since the beginning.Now, on to the multiplayer. The multiplayer is very fun. You can choose between five different kinds of racing styles: standard racing on four different difficulties, battle race (where each player has three lives and you try to kill the other players during a race), arena battle, capture the chao (which I admittedly hate), and boost race (which I admittedly love). It is unfortunately a bit clunky and time-consuming to get everything set up, as I will explain below. Thankfully they've mitigated some of the loading time with giving you a slot machine mini-game while the map is loading, which require five coins that you can only pick up on racing courses, which may yield a bonus. You can use any of the characters that you've unlocked plus any of their mods. You will also still receive EXP as usual. I should also mention that you can split-screen the game at any time. I've never tried this, but the game encourages this at every turn, so I guess if you're a split-screen fan, this is a game to consider.I should also comment on the look and feel of the maps. The maps are extremely well-detailed, bright, colorful, smooth, and pretty. The bright maps feel very nice and the dark maps don't feel drab or dreary, as appears to be the current trend that blights modern video games. The maps themselves are inspired by various SEGA games, like Super Monkey Ball or Space Channel 5, but none include actual map layouts from said games. The feel of the cars is pretty solid. The characters are sometimes a bit random but come from a variety of different classic games. For instance, there's a character named Pudding; do you know where a SEGA character named Pudding comes from? As you can imagine, there are more Sonic characters than any others, but you're never required to play as a Sonic character. Of course, I wish there would be more characters from random games (like Billy Hatcher, for instance, how cool would that be?), and this is one of those games that lets your imagination run wild with ideas.Of course, there are a few negatives. Probably the biggest is the first-time setup is a bit of a hassle. It sucks that you need to launch the game separately in Config mode and I've also heard that some people can only get it to open in compatibility mode. On top of that, it seems that they never fixed the sound. You need to turn the volume way down if you want to talk to people, but at the main title, the sound will revert back to its normal volume, which is all the way up. The game does hardly anything to explain to you how to use any of the controls, including drifting and what the items do. I get that this encourages trial and error but there are entire main facets that are crucial to winning that are unexplained by the game. Lastly, setting up matches in the multiplayer is a real pain. You have to re-select your character each time you want to do a new race, and if you're the host, changing the map takes you through a lot of unnecessary menus. It should have been a lot quicker. I should also mention that while you can play this with a mouse and keyboard, I find that the controls are entirely unfeasible. The only way I can play this is with a controller, perhaps that's just me.All in all, this is a comparable game to the classic Mario Kart (I guess it would compare to 8, but it's much, MUCH better than 8 in my opinion). It feels like a game that was made by a company that actually cares, not SEGA. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,12356810,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Coconut Cream,gotta go fast
,Recommended,212480,28004671,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,[Red λ]❤Red Lλmbda❤,Best racing game since Mario Kart. :3
,Recommended,212480,23266926,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Jersey NiGHTS,"Ohhhhhh yeah this game is a beast. Now I know that this game is not being supported anymore and all but it's unbelievable that the servers for multiplayer are still up. I really hope that SEGA gets a developer or the same developers to make a third game. Hey SEGA, remember you said that you want the comsumers trust back, well get on track to making a third sonic racing game like this, that will help a little."
,Recommended,212480,32926878,Posted: 28 June,all,Astrobia,"Pretty much Sega's answer to Mario Kart... Oh wait that was Sonic Drift... Pretty much Sega answer to Mario Kart after everyone laughed at their first answer, and they went away for a while to think about it and finally came back with something good. I kind of prefer it to Mario Kart too. But that's a personal preference.Objectively the game offers a somewhat more diverse range of characters which play rather differently from one another. More so than most Mario Karts, particulary when it comes to the ultimate items. It feels more skill based than the current Mario Karts too. Not because the driving is better (they feel different but are functionally similar) but more because winning or losing feels a lot less like luck based on what items you randomly picked up than recent MK's.Items are weighted so the worse you are doing the better luck you will have, but even the best item (an All Star) wont deny the current leader first place unless you sit on it and close most the gap yourself before you activate it. Items will only really advance you a couple of places within a clump of racers. If the leader has a commanding lead and is miles ahead, nothing going to change that unless they make a critical mistake. Which is good.This also leads on to the topic of rubber banding from the AI. As far as I can tell it does rubber band a bit but stretch it past a certain distance and the rubber band breaks. Even on the highest difficulties if there is a major pileup that lets you get half a lap ahead of the AI, it won't close the gap unless you screw up. But it may come close by the end of the race. In otherwords from my observations they seem to have given the AI enough spring to make sure it stays a challange to even expert players, but not so much you constantly feel like it's cheating.Online play is pretty solid. The only real complaint is the lobby UI is kind of slapped together. I mean it looks fine but it's not intuitive. One of the common complaints we had was once we started a lobby and had a race, we thought we had to exit out of the lobby and start a new one to select a new map to race on, every single time. Turns out their is a key the host can press while on the lobby screen to bring up the map list but it's not telegraphed anywhere. A random map options would be nice as would a map playlist. But for a few casual races with friends (or randoms I guess) it's functional enough (just).My only other complaint is as far as I can see it lost the feature from the previous title in which you could unlock alternative songs for all the courses and select the alternative music tracks when starting a race. That's by no means an essential feature but it was amazing when the previous game had it because the soundtrack was so damn amazing. The sound and music is great for this sequel as well, your ability to hear your favourite tracks at any given time is just much more limited.The main new feature of this release is the two new vehicle modes which will trigger mid race causing a shift in playstyle. The new modes are Boats and Planes.Boats wont compete with any dedicated water racing games in terms of depth but they are plenty functional enough for an alternative vehicle form. They don't have complex water physics but the physics they do have isn't so basic it's insulting like some games I wont mention.Planes on the other hand you will love or hate... And by love I mean really appreciate the edge they give over your friends who hate them because they can't get the hang of the awkward things. Theres a couple of different control schemes for them and it's going to take all players some experimentation and practice to find out what works for them. Even once you are good with them they wont feel great, but their inclusion the the game did mean we got some cool new track designs so it's not all bad.There is kind of a single player campaign mode with lots of unlockables to keep you entertained and well practiced while your friends aren't online and in terms of content and design I think it leaves most other titles in the genre for dead. Rather than the heres 4 sets of 4 races in a row structure we are used to theres almost a world map (level select style) filled with a huge variety of challanges. Many of which are aimed at teaching you to use specific skills better (like drifting or stunts).All in all if you arne't burnt out on this genre I can safely recommend it. Personal taste might not make it your favourite. But even if it's not your personal choice for the top, it's still one of the best titles in the genre available at the moment and adds a nice big of variety to what is otherwise becomming a stale lineup."
,Recommended,212480,12646467,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Luna Luck,"Why would I not recommend this game?The gameplay is vastly different from the previous entry in the series. Transforming and drift boosting will give a great edge in this game once you master the latter. Risk boosting in plane mode can take some time to master since you have to roll out of the way at the last moment for it to count.The staff ghosts can be a real pain in some levels (looking at Graveyard Gig and Burning Rangers in particular since both are a little difficult to master drifting in).Cameo appearances from non-SEGA stuff (Danica Patrick, Ralph, and Yogscast if you choose to buy it) are nice to see. Interestingly, people seem to hold a lot of course record top 10 spots with Ralph with characters like Metal Sonic, Sonic, and AGES all coming pretty close to it.Quite a blast to race through the courses (although I think Mirror Mode could have been replaced with 4-8 new tracks instead, oh well, SUMO's call there) and try to beat your own record every time. I did find Traffic Attack (sans the last one) and Pursuit to be a difficult to master since those felt a tad bit more on the ""need to memorize a specific course of pattern"" kind of logic to me. Pursuit was way more difficult though since you have a set amount of HP so you can't just recklessly chase down the tank.The characters were great although a couple of them looked a bit off (looking at Gum, Beat, and Pudding). Dialogue and racing stuff was pretty nice. It seems Gillius is the hardest one to master as well out of all the characters.Fantastic game, whether it is in a deal on Steam or not, worth icking up and playing."
76561197999005361,Recommended,212480,32731089,Posted: 24 June,all,AGamerX1,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is a really fun kart racer that runs great on PC (feels great at a solid 60 FPS) and while it may not have the same charm as a Mario Kart game, but it is still a solid racer that I have enjoyed every hour of my time playing. The AI is also quite competent and don't feel cheap. The items are the same, to me, where they are useful they don't feel broken and most can be dodged with skillful driving. It also has multiplayer, and allows for splitscreen for local play if you have a big enough screen.All in all I recommend this game, especially on sale."
,Recommended,212480,19911016,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,icaroferracini,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is the Mario Kart version for the PC. Or better yet, the old Diddy Kong Racing.Run in a different environments and with different vehicles (car, plane and boat) is very fun and every course and characters brings that old and good feeling to revive the golden hits of the Sega company. It's just to much fun to bring Alex Kidd in the Golden Axe course and the Get Set Radio challenging you for the first place.The race controls are pretty good, it's very similar to other games with this kart style, but in here you must learn how to drift to keep it up to the competition and earn some boost to make your way to the first place or to beat the time.The game modes are very nice, you can play only some races, go for tournaments or go on career mode to earn starts and then unlock more courses and characters.The power ups works the same way we are used to know in this style of game, and they add a good fun element. Some of them you can choose to throw ahead or leave to hit someone behind you.The sound design is great. Every music and sound effect make all the experience in the race unique and brings the memories of those games.The level design is awesome! It gives you the feel of movement and speed that is the heart of a race game and it is always changing! In some courses you will see all the landscape and the road being attacked and as the race goes you will change to other paths or even change completely your vehicle to a plane or boat to continue the race. And this is absolutely fantastic!If you are an orphan of Mario Kart or Diddy Kong Racing (which is better, sorry to say that...) you MUST try this one. It's a great and extremely fun race game."
,Recommended,212480,2230060,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,hitomi,"Everybodies super sonic racing / Gotta keep your feet right on the ground / When you're super sonic racing there's no time to look around / We're just super sonic racing running to the point of no return / Everybodies super sonic racing, c'mon let the fire burn"
,Recommended,212480,4416492,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Rulio,"It's one of my favorite racing games. Awesome gameplay, amazing graphism and great soundtrack. You must add a big cup of fun and you got Sonic & All-Star Racing Transformed.  Mario Kart looks kinda ridicilous after playing this game. However, as always playing in S Class [Expert Class], you'll have to confront to a very overpowered AI and sometimes you'll be dominating, and suddenly you see a random racer like Alex Kidd that drives at like 200% of his car performance. You will then lose the race and you will start insulting OP drivers about how their character conception annoys you like : ""Alex Kiddo, u lil' piece of trash! How come u go faster than me considering that your top speed on ""Speed Mod"" is only 4?!"" You now the drill.→ 91/100"
,Recommended,212480,33700495,Posted: 21 July,all,Ksempac,"At first glance, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed feels like a basic Mario Kart clone. Characters from many different Sega franchises (Sonic, Football Manager, Total War, Jet Set Radio, etc.) get together for a car race, filled with random power-ups. To add a new twist, the cars can also transform into boats and planes.But this first impression is deceptive. Behind that well-known setup, there is a totally new gameplay, that is rich, and in my opinion, more balanced and more fun than most Mario Karts.All about speed and much more than a simple Mario Kart cloneThe game is designed around boosts, stunts and drifts. While you can simply boost on the designed boost pads laid on the tracks, the meat of the game comes from the fact that all turns can be cleared by drifting through them, and if you do a drift for long enough, you will get a boost (whose power depends on the drift's length) at the end of your drift. Moreover, every time you're in the air, you can do one or more stunts (barrel rolls, flips, etc.) that will also triggers boost effects upon landing.Once you've figured theses things out, the game becomes a mad succession of boosts, stunts, and drifts that is all about speed and control. It's a racing game worthy of a Sonic. There is no brake button, there is only a drift button, leading to even more speed and craziness. The whole thing just feel great and rewarding because every good move is rewarded by a speed boost.Fun and balanced power-upsThe power-ups you can pick up on the track also feel better than Mario Kart's. There are fairly basic (most of them being things you can shoot from your car), but they provide just enough mayhem to keep the game about fun rather than just speedrunning. The players behind get obviously better things than the ones in front, to help them catch up, but there is not as much rubberbanding as you would get in most Mario Kart. You can get from 10th to 1st place, but it will be thanks to your driving skills, rather than being lucky on your power-ups pickups. Also, people in front still get useful powerups, they aren't stuck with the lowest of the low. Hence, the whole game keeps things fun for everyone, trying to balance things out, but it never tumbles into chaos/rubber banding hell like Mario Kart does.Lack of explanation and trainingThe one downside of the game though is its total absence of tutorial or coaching. The game will not explain to you that you can should drift rather than turn, that you can perform stunts to boost, or how the power-ups work. Everything has to be either guessed through the list of challenges you have to clear, or read from user guides written on Steam.So if you jump into the game with no explanation, be prepared for some frustrating first races.Even after you get the hang of it, it will take a long time for you to figure out all the secrets of the game, the ones preventing from beating the very best time attacks time.Considering the game has a large customer base, it would have been great to add a tutorial to teach the game, as well as hints or modes dedicated to improving your driving skils.ConclusionBut don't let that one drawback keeps you away from the game. If you like racing games, or if you like fun party games, Sonic & All-Stars is definitely for you.With a wide variety of offline modes, that can all be played from 1 to 4 players on the same screen, but also some online multiplayer, Sonic & All-Stars will keep you entertained whether you're looking for a good solo player experience, or a fun game to play with friends for an evening."
,Recommended,212480,28400056,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jammin' Jelly,"It's like Mario Kart but much better.There's actual mechanics that reward you for being a well-practiced and technical driver, and you're not mercilessly punished for being in first place."
,Recommended,212480,31901188,Posted: 22 May,all,Raptorz,Really cool racing game to play with some friends. Reminds me of Mario Cart!
,Recommended,212480,8022823,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Ancient,"I've seen this game for some time now and didn't really think much of it.  Finally, at it's super-low sale price I decided to give it a go.  I was a HUGE fan of ""Mario Kart"" - both for the Super Nintendo and for N64.  So this game had a little bit to live up to...HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥WAS I SURPISED.This game doesn't have anything to do with Sonic (aside from including him and the cast as characters...among cooler characters), it's just a balls-to-the-wall  come-get-some cart racer.  I don't think I've ever played a cart racer that felt so damned... HARDCORE.  The characters are all varyed but fairly balanced, the maps get absolutely insane, ranging from peaceful mario-kartish maps to nightmares from hell and beyond worst than anything the Rainbow Road could dream up.  And you get to enjoy all of these things not just from a Driver's Seat, but from a Cockpit and from a Captain's chair as well!The game is hard.  Even playing alone in world tour mode on ""Easy"" presents some challenge.  And it'll take you a good bit of practice to beat those same races on ""Normal"".  Step into multiplayer?  You better be prepared for a stomping, because those kids don't mess around.I give this game a solid 8/10.  It would be a 10/10, but the marketing department loses 2 points for not letting me know I should have been playing this sooner.BUY THIS GAME NOW.  Is it full price?  Then buy it.  Is it on sale?  Then buy a few extra copies for some friends of yours.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,212480,32838689,Posted: 26 June,all,DarkMajstor,"Surprisingly good game as a Mario Kart alternative.Very fun, especially in good old split screen mode.Bought it for the regular price of $20 and do not regret it.Why:- intuitive gameplay (even total gaming noobies will have fun in this game)- steering including drifts are very intuitive too and extremely fun- graphics surprisingly good for a 4 year old game!- variety of racing tracks (on some tracks you even fly and/or are on water)Tried F1 RACE STARS and refunded it, because it's not comparable to this game.Get this game if you look for anything similar like Mario Kart!"
76561197997996690,Recommended,212480,30153776,Posted: 24 February,all,StingerMeGood,I was looking for a Mario Kart replacement.I found it.10/10
,Recommended,212480,31905360,Posted: 22 May,all,devilinmynoodle,"So before i give my 2cents on this game, let me tell you a story. I bought 4 copies for my 'friends' because i really wanted to play a mario kart-esc game on pc since none of us own a ninetendo console. Till this date none of my 'pals' have played with me (-minus my girlfriend, lord knows she puts up with my whinnybuttocks).ProsClosest thing to mario kart on pcvariety of sonic-verse charactersDrift MechanicsReally fun playing with friendsConsMy friendsOnline is deadThe menu voice gets annoying (nitpicking, i know)Shoutout to my girlfriend,baby I love you.and I hereby disown all of my other 'friends'."
76561198084124034,Recommended,212480,23730691,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,kohelet613,Great kart game!!! Just loads of fun (Note: I don't really play online).
,Recommended,212480,31811106,Posted: 17 May,all,TheyCallMeNexus,"I do enjoy the game, but I was a little unsure if I should recommend it since it's unpolished in comparison to it's PS3/Xbox360 versions. It has some very frustrating glitches but most of them will be noticed after you start playing Time Attack and try getting very good times. After reaching a skill level, bugs are going to hold you back a little(you have to play the game to understand what I'm feeling). The multiplayer is unstable, every time I'm in a lobby of 5-6 or more players I lose connection. In every other game I was able to play online just fine, but this is the only exception. Also, there is NO ANTI-CHEAT at the moment, even if in the store page it says VAC protected, it's a LIE. Something that I really like is that the skill-ceiling for this game is huge, you can always get better and learn different tricks to help you in racing, the community is also AWESOME(with few exceptions), you can easily find other racers to play with and they're really cool persons. Also Graphics-wise the game is decent but for some reason I don't have a 4K option even if my monitor is 4K. Overall,the game can still be enjoyable, even with his problems but if you easily get frustrated by unfair things you should think twice before buying this"
,Recommended,212480,29997685,Posted: 17 February,all,Lars,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing TransformedDeveloped by:Sumo DigitalPublished by:SEGAReleased:Nov 2012 (Consoles), Jan 2013 (Steam), Jan 2014 (IOS & Android), Oct 2016 (Backwards compat. for Xbox One)In short:Without a contest the finest Kart racing game released on PC.Excellent port from the console versions, runs great, plays great with both keys or a controller.Large selection of tracks themed around classic Sega games, full of alternate routes and 'interactive' track changes, all featuring sections where your vehicles transform into either flying machines or speed boats.Plenty of single player content, very challenging on higher difficulties, but of course where the game shines is in multiplayer.Supports local co-op up to four players, and also lets you play local co-op in online multiplayer.  Excellent net code, I've never noticed typical lag in friend or public lobbies.If you plan to go it alone be warned though, while there is an online playerbase still for the game it is pretty small.  Still , well worth having in your Steam library for those rare cases of couch co-op opportunities, or if you can round up some online friends for races."
,Recommended,212480,975208,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Apoc Hedgie,"Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed is exactly what it says on the box. Racing transformed for a modern era, while still having that classic feel making this a must own.For those of you feeling like Mario Kart has gotten a bit stale due to lack of innovation, this game may be more your style. This game is just teeming with love, with classic games bursting with modern visuals and sounds. Every part of this game just feels like a love letter to SEGA fans.GraphicsModernized graphics for classic SEGA games such as Burning Rangers and Panzer Dragoon. The visuals in this game are stunning when you play on the highest settings, and even with a modest computer you'll still get 60+FPS making this game feel amazingly fast and fluid. All the characters are well modeled and textured, and the levels are teeming with beautiful colors and lighting. Each level has been lovingly crafted from older SEGA titles and re-imagined in ways that will bring a tear to long-time fans.SoundThe music in the game mostly consists of remixed themes from older games in a mostly drum'n bass genre, with the odd dubstep-ish song thrown in here and there. But don't let that fool you, the dubstep is done in moderation and actually sounds good, even to someone who doesn't really like that genre. Each song feels fast-paced and full of action to make the gameplay that much more satisfying.GameplayNow on the the most important part, gameplay. As you may have guessed, there are 3 modes of driving, air, water, and land. Land plays exactly as you think it would, very much like Mario kart, but a bit faster and the cars feel heavier. Boating/water travel feels like slippery land travel, and is the hardest to steer on because of it. This is mostly noted in the Burning Rangers level, which is mostly boating with sharp turns in which you tend to go bumping a lot. Air travel is, well, air travel. You can still drift in the air, but you have to worry about your X axis as well, which tends to make it more difficult. You can also do stunts in the air as any vehicle, which will give you a boost if done correctly. Of course if you crash mid-stunt you're gonna go slower.The items/weapons in the game are well thought out and even if you get smashed by every single weapon, if you're a good enough player you can still get first place. No blue shells here. Although you may want to watch out for the bees.Value for the costAt $30 you will get way more than your money's worth. Tons of missions and unlockables, GPs to go through, stickers to unlock for doing certain things and of course, multiplayer. The multiplayer is really what will keep bringing you back to this. Online works well for the most part, and racing with up to 10 random people or friends is an absolute delight. Voice chat is included as well, and at the time of writing this there is no way to currently turn that off, but there is a patch on the way which will fix it.Final verdictA game well worth the money that will keep you entertained for many a month. If you've ever been a fan of racing or kart racing in general you'd be doing yourself a great disservice to not give this a try.9.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,29430130,Posted: 22 January,all,Mark Fairfox,"A fun title that is in no way like the Mario Kart franchise. This title has a insane amount of learn and curve, if you want a fun online experience you will need to jump some hefty hurtals, this game will make you rage at times. This game does not hold your hands and expects you to do it all youself, train hard and then go for match making."
76561198075886206,Recommended,212480,29455898,Posted: 23 January,all,jalapenojon,Who needs a Nintendo Switch and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe when you have this game?
,Recommended,212480,18884208,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Phatjayunoi,"Certain gameplay aspects could be more refined, but this is still the best arcade kart racer style game out there that is not Mario Kart! Hell in many ways, it is actually better! :PA definite buy for any long time Sega fan as the featured IP's and fan-service in this is enough to make you feel nostalgic or maybe even cry e.g. Skies of Arcadia, Race of AGES (Space Harrier and console history nod), or ""Back In Time"" from Sonic R.It could use some Phantasy Star though. :("
76561198028822780,Recommended,212480,14217591,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Nurse Michael,"+ Awesome music. Ear worm alert!+ Beautiful graphics+ Player friendly interface+ Funny characters and weapons+ Hard mode is really hard, requires practice to get good+ Sega's finest: Sonic the Hedgehog, Alex Kidd, Golden Axe, After Burner, Shinobi, Total War and many more- Opa Opa and Phantasy Star are missing- Cant select opponents in a race, leading to very random"
76561198007331935,Recommended,212480,8186498,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Seika,"I got this in a sale and have been blown away by it. Excellently fun racer, fantastic local multiplayer.Controlwise, a pad is fantadtic, but it plays just as well using the keyboard. The difficulty is just right also - as a new player, I'm struggling on medium difficulty.  Hasn't stopped me desiring to replay races though!Graphically beautiful,  soundtrack is great, so many nods to Sega's history.The roster might seem a little random, but even racing with characters like Football Manager can be pretty entertaining.Best of all - no blue shells! Totally recommended."
76561198071594947,Recommended,212480,22615786,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,pinwolf,Better kart racer than the one on consoles with thisGiana Sistersrip-off plumber.
76561198111948387,Recommended,212480,32893009,Posted: 27 June,all,ⅡCpt. DarkedgeⅡ,The only good Mario Kart type game you can get on steam
,Recommended,212480,8008349,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,MeltingMan234,"Sonic and All Stars Racing: Transformed, (or as I like to call it, SEGA All Stars Racing: Transformed) is a racing game featuring all of your favorite SEGA Characters race to the finish, as well as some random 3rd Party Characters. It features race tracks based off of worlds from Sonic games and most of SEGA's forgotten franchises and the racers vehicles transform from cars, to boats, to planes. So it's like Mario Kart 7, Diddy Kong Racing, that random Disney racing game and that Hot Wheels game that share the same idea of transforming race cars. I've never used a controller for the PC Version and I stuck to just using the keyboard, the nice thing about this is that you can adjust the controls for the keyboard to see which keys suit you more comfortably, and not just pressing random buttons all over the keyboard. The car and boat forms are cool, the boat forms are more fun as you can easily perform more tricks to get boosts. The plane form takes some time to getting used to when it comes to drifting while keeping your plane under control. The game features Career mode which is a series of different events, Grand Prix is a race to see who is the best, Time Trial is what you would expect, and Single Race is for racing on only one track, which I advise to try this feature out for practice if you just bought the game. The power ups can be useful at times, from the catchers mitt that catches the enemies weapon and being able to use it to your advantage, to chucking snowballs, ho ho ho. The All Star moves are back but are a bit disappointing. The first game featured the characters having their own specific All Star Moves with their own style and advantages, the sequel just transforms the player into the plane mode and fire's rockets at your opponents. There was also talk about special DLC that would feature more of SEGA's forgotten or internet favorite characters in the game, well it's been over a year and after that Yogscast guy was announced, I gave up on it since obviously SEGA only focuses on Sonic, they don't give a damn about their other franchises or even attempt to feature them in a new game again, and not just constantly porting their already made games onto every console. Besides, a good amount of people who bought this game only bought it just because it has Sonic characters, hence why the name Sonic is in HUGE font while the rest of the title is in smaller font. I rarely play as any of the Sonic characters from the first game (I use Bonanza Bros. all the time) and in this game. They're nothing special compared to all of SEGA's unique and forgotten creations. The 3rd Party batch of characters are very random and are just thrown in there for advertising gimmicks but hey, you can play as Pryo, Heavy and Spy that represent Team Fortress 2 in this game. So yeah, if your one of those few people that like SEGA's forgotten characters like myself, then you will enjoy this game like it's predecessor; you've got NiGHTS, Amigo, a living VMU named AGES, Vyse, Shinobi, and more.............................. but no Vectorman. :'("
,Recommended,212480,19486799,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Mortadellinha,"Developed by: Sumo DigitalPublished by: SegaRelease Date: January 31, 2013+ Pros:▲ Visuals▲ Gameplay▲ Soundtrack▲ Multiplayer▲ Achievements▲ Cards10 / 10 - So fun to play, specially with friends."
76561198105069081,Recommended,212480,7888600,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,MR bunny,Love this game. It is like Mario kart but with sonic characters. A major difference between this and Mario kart is this has flying.
,Recommended,212480,24786119,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,Splinks,This game made me call some of my best friends names only a demon could think of.Would happily lose my sanity all over again.9/10
,Recommended,212480,30830239,Posted: 30 March,all,MetaPixel_,"After all of SEGA's tries to make a good Sonic racing game(Sonic Drift 1 and 2,Sonic R, Sonic Riders, zero gravityand free riders,etc...)THIS IS THE ONE! It's even compatible with motion controllers!Keyboard controls are perfect, but extra controller is recommended for splitscreen(don't worry, it features full controller remapping).Preformance is great on low-end PCs, oh did I already mention SPLITSCREEN?"
,Recommended,212480,7950007,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Namaztak,is rly gud
,Recommended,212480,8247454,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,dys,"An intellectually stimulating combination of symbolic game design, brilliant visuals, an immersive soundtrack, and a post-modern story that will leave you pondering its implications for months. I consider this the best videogame ever made."
,Recommended,212480,7948315,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Romero,This game is too fast.
,Recommended,212480,15835516,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,LeelooMinai,"Addicting! You can have some serious fun when playing this with friends, but it's also very nice on single player. It has famous SEGA characters to play with, from the classic games since before the Dreamcast era until the new ones. The flying and water controls might be a little difficult to get used to, and the challenges to gain stars to unlock new cars and features are harder than its previous title. If you like colorful tracks, cars that has guns with funny noises and effects and losing friends just like in Mario Kart, that's the game."
,Recommended,212480,27043800,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doomfrost,"I'll type a review, so here it is. Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed is a great game, it's a game where players can race each other, there's something about that, racing people, that makes this game great, a real winner. Why just the other day I raced someone, it was a great race, great things were accomplished, and greatness was achieved. That's what this game does, it just wins and keeps being great. The races can be won, sometimes you fall behind, but does that mean you're a loser, of course, but someone has to be the winner, and that's what makes this game great, is because someone is always a winner. You have to race to win and in order to win you have to be great and that's what this game is, just something special. Thank you."
,Recommended,212480,19303614,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Chaos Epoch [HAX],10/10. would get lagbumped again while I ris-ris-risk-danger-reckless boost through a narrow space at the speed of sound. BEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS!
,Recommended,212480,10557213,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,- Sammieee!,:3!
,Recommended,212480,24664291,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ZMD ザック,"It's better than Mario Kart, there I said it. Can't wait until SEGA makes another one of these."
76561198071430180,Recommended,212480,25086299,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Captain Minnette,"It's like Mario Kart for PC on steriods. The tracks are all lively and energetic, with amazing music backing it up, it feels like every track is one of those rides at Universal Studios where you go into the movie and see the characters. The huge but somewhat random character selection is nice, too. Difficulty curve is mostly good, however for standard race the three star system doesn't make sense to me...you only need 3rd against easy AI for 1 star, 3rd against medium for 2 stars, but 1st against hard for 3 stars? I stuggle to get that last one, however I usually get first when going for 2 stars, and am rewarded the same as if I got 3rd. Other than that, I think this is my favorite racing game. 9/10(Currently using JoyToKey and Mayflash Adapter to use my GameCube controller with it, it works beautifully)"
,Recommended,212480,33473321,Posted: 12 July,all,Galdoblame,Better than mario kart
,Recommended,212480,30940186,Posted: 4 April,all,guess whos back,"Note:I have not completed the game yet, I am writing the review as a ""first impressions"" kind of thing.Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed. I recently acquired the game on a sale, as it looked like a fun little racer. I went into the game pretty much blindfolded, not sure of what to expect.Gameplay and World:Good:»Tons of special modes like VS-Mode, drift-challange, boost-challange, etc.»Unique and beautiful tracks, which can even change inbetween laps.»Lots of choosable characters with different strengths and weeknesses.»In-depth risk and reward boost-system (boost for stunts and drifts).»Many fun powerups to use.»Surprisingly difficult on harder difficulties.»Options for touch-inputs and different sensors. Not something I'd use, but that is a very rare feature to see.Bad:»All PC-Related settings, like graphics and controls, have to be set in a broken and cheap-looking launcher.»How the AI uses powerups can be very frustrating at times, ruining the flow of the race.»Some characters feel very out of place. Some are more cartoony than others.»Drifting + Braking/Reverse use the same key, which makes sense on a controller, but not on a keyboard.»Shadows look kind of grainy, even on high graphics-settings.»Nitpick: Default keyboard layout is horrible (can be changed in the launcher tho).Misc:Settings:Ingame, only some gameplay and sound-settings are available. When you get the launcher to work (running as administrator), you have lots of graphics settings to your disposal. Every resolution seems to be supported. The launcher is just not clear on what kind of anti-aliasing it uses (spoiler: it's FXAA).Performance:This game performs beautifully! Surprisingly, I was able to get it running on my Windows-Tablet (Intel Atom, with integrated graphics) at 640x400 with 15-30 FPS. Would not have thought that it would get anywhere near that. So feel free to try this on a low/mid-spec PC, it's very well optimized.Summary:I was positively suprised by this game. I had my fears that this was gonna be some arcade-racer for kids, without any difficulty whatsoever, but it definitely proved itself to be a challenging and fun racing-game. If you like arcade-racers like Mario Kart and you are searching for an equivilant on PC, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is for you. Although it might be a little hard to get into if you are new to the racing-game genre. Definitely give it a spin!"
76561198311652434,Recommended,212480,31552199,Posted: 4 May,all,Coldharbour,"Definitely one of the best kart-racing game, regardless of platform. This game does give some skilled player quite a challenge and might not be enjoyable at first for those who are new to this kind of racing or casual one. The World Tour is particularly overwhelming (in a good way), there's a bunch of game modes to play besides normal race. It's remarkably satisfying for achieving those last stars and characters. Hell, it takes AGES!The tracks are gorgeous, might give some nostalgia feeling to SEGA fans. The power-ups are well balanced. The A.I on harder difficulty though..... Well, it's not by any means cheating, you just have to tough it up. The only way you'd do well is to learn the game's mechanics and practise through the tracks over and over again. YOU NEED TO GIT GUD. (sorry, wrong reference)PROS:- Challenging even for above average gamers.- Multiplayer split-screen (up to 4 players), both local and online playing. EVEN IN CAREER MODE!- It transforms!CONS:- Some minor bugs.- Online players are rather scarce onwards.10/10 would (not) beat every expert Time Attack ghost again."
76561198059745761,Recommended,212480,16542378,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HardestworkingStreetNiggger,This game is a 10/10If you feel like having the assreamming of your life then this isthe game for you.I played this game for 3 hours and all I can say is that in those 3 hours this game has bent me over and showed who is boss. I can't imagine playing this game without any less assreamming than I've recieved10/10 would get assreammed again
,Recommended,212480,34012066,Posted: 4 August,all,Velhemence,"Sega decided to rip off mario kart, and did a Damn good job oddly enough!"
,Recommended,212480,11194288,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Holy Smoke!! ™,Nice and Fun Game!! :-)
76561198282905127,Recommended,212480,30850208,Posted: 31 March,all,Ophi,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed or... Sonic Kart ;)You like Mario Kart ?You will looove This Sonic ""Kart""Playable online with friends, this game is a jewel ♥+ Beautiful graphics+ Vehicules transform automatically along the races (tracks have earth/water/air sections)+ Lots of weapons to use during races+ Battle modeI strongly recommand this game ;)A must have !"
,Recommended,212480,33142233,Posted: 2 July,all,Nintendy,Putting it simply; It's MarioKart but SEGA.
,Recommended,212480,10353534,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,latte asmr #1 fan,"It's nothing like Mario Kart.It's actually like diddy kong racing for the N64 which is a awesome game, BUT WITH SANIC CHARACTERS AND FOOTBUL MAN.0/10 PUT IN SHREK"
76561198015273183,Recommended,212480,8494026,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,yayayayayayayayayayayayayayayaya,Honestly up there with Diddy Kong Racing and F-Zero GX as far as racing games go.
,Recommended,212480,30026068,Posted: 18 February,all,丁彦彰,"Amazing game! , and funI love this game , like mario kart"
,Recommended,212480,8167436,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Oziman,"What a great surprise this one is.. not since the orginal Mario Kart have I enjoyed a Karting game so much. The nostalgia factor here is immense and yet its bang up to date and PC Gamer themed. I love it!! If you liked any of the Mario Kart franchise or like me had a mis-spent twenty something in front of Sega consoles, your going to adore this title."
,Recommended,212480,6787424,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Пендальф,"Очень хорошая и добродушная игра. Многого сказать не могу, но фанатам Соника и любителям гонок с оружием понравится однозначно! Рекомендую!"
,Recommended,212480,21032426,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Belzard,"A very fun kart racing game available on PC:*Solid mechanics;*Good controls (although using a controller is a must);*Decent presentation;*The soundtrack is fitting;*Runs smoothly.My only major complaint is that it is a bit too easy.I still think you should be able to unlock content even when playing online with a friend, but I digress.It's a great game, I definitely recommend it if you're looking for an arcade racing game or a serviceable substitute for Mario Kart."
,Recommended,212480,7940309,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,a moustache,"It's like Mario Kart, except it's with Sonic and more competitive. I'd definitely choose this over Mario Kart."
,Recommended,212480,8721887,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Doctor Hue,"One of the best kart racing game on the PC. It brings back my fond childhood memory (I've played Crash Team Racing on PS1)!The race changes during each lap which brings a refreshing experience. This game is very much skill-based and having a paint scratch might make a difference between winning and losing the game. There's a lack of weapon variety but you still have to use them wisely.Overall, awesome soundtracks, great multiplayer, and the game runs smoothly on my GT 335M and an ultra low voltage CPU, which is a darn good console port. Not to mention the near-obsolete split-screen support! I recommend buying this if you are going to play with your friends or even alone."
76561198044479385,Recommended,212480,8182538,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mel,"football manager, simon from the yogscast, these are all classic 90s characters"
76561197993402955,Recommended,212480,9099240,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Bring back Psychic Force,it's like mario kart except fast and fun
,Recommended,212480,7945100,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Neverending Twilight,"For fans of the Mario Kart series, you will not be disappointed.Most clones of Mario Kart tend to be pretty terrible. Nearly unplayable, with ugly graphics, horribly designed stages, uninteresting characters, and just... not very fun to play in the slightest. They tend to be just quick cash ins on the Mario Kart crowd. Sega's latest crossover extraveganza doesn't fail to please. While, at the core, it may look like just your typical Mario Kart clone, it is so much more. Not only do you race by car, but mid-race, you could find your car transforming into a boat or plane.There's a single player campaign mode that allows you to play through a ton of challenges. Drifting, tank fights, flying through rings, and standard races. There's plenty to see and do in All-Stars Racing Transformed. There's a huge variety of weapons at your disposal to take out the competition and while not as interesting as those found in the Mario Kart series, they are fun to use and do the job. With 20 tracks (21 if you count the DLC track) and a currently still ever growing roster of characters, the fun is endless.Did I mention the online is fantastic, as well? Because it is. It's your standard online with 5 different game modes, but there is absolutely no lag, which is always a plus.So, if you're a fan of Mario Kart and also love SEGA and their IPs, you'll love this game."
76561198068507938,Recommended,212480,25882380,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Hexas,"I give this game 8/10Ever play mario cart? Its like that but better and on crack.Multiplayer options, lots of characters to choose from, and tons of levels to race.There is even a little bit of customization for each character vehicle you can pick from as far as increased speed stats, or handling, or boost, ect.Not sorry I bought this game one little bit."
,Recommended,212480,29941817,Posted: 15 February,all,RossFC,Fun game. Just like Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,10239542,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,-=Crazy=- kovah,"Great game but if you do not have an xbox or similar controller approach with caution! Because you are going to have a bad time. Standard keyboard setup is diabolical, all hints and tips are geared towards controller buttons no matter what the defualt is you are using."
,Recommended,212480,33117935,Posted: 1 July,all,[KYS] Reecy,"Originally I bought this as a joke cause yaknow, Sonic stuff, but OH SIR I DO NOT REGRET IT.I. Am. In. Love.Alright alright as a die hard mariokart lover, this is probably one of the best clones Ive run across so far, I love it to bits.Controls are easy to learn (Just gotta configure your controller in your steam games library)graphics arent too shabbyand all around this is something you wouldnt expect being a ""sonic"" game.More or less I consider this just a game sonic is featured in, cause honestly this is a lot. and I mean a lot better than anything else in the franchise in my opinion.100% Worth the buy in sales.-10 points as I cannot forgive the voices for the TF2 characters lmfao for shame!"
,Recommended,212480,34866813,Posted: 10 September,all,Hu3kY @NGC Husum,"Mario Kart but waaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better. More options, maps, better graphics, cool characters, requires skill and you dont need a wii controller :) this is so much fun!"
,Recommended,212480,12514886,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,MODE CON CODEPAGE,"Awesome Sonic game.Very dinamic, the diferent kinds of levels and challenges will keep you wanting to play."
,Recommended,212480,21453914,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,🔋ＴＡＹ🔌 [Editing],"This game has really an interesting concept of racing although it seems to resemble mario kart.Nevertheless it has got individual characteristics like changing environmental elements or the different mod/stickers/characters you can unlock during the gameplay. (Btw ive never played mario kart in person but a comparison would be unnecessary anyway at this point.Therefore i played crash bandicot racing which strongly reminds me of it).I really enjoyed the gameplay mechanics and the different kind of gameplay mods which are offered and i have to say it's really enjoyable, especially playing with friends / online.The only thing which might be frustrating for beginners is the fact of being pushed from 1st place to the last place by certain items used by the opponents , but dont worry, that's one of the funny part of this game and it still has more to offer.My only personal complain is: i feel like there is a lack of battle items (or tracks) , but maybe that's just my personal taste.All in one im really glad to own this game , it always makes fun no matter what and it's definitely a good option for me to have a good change in choosing certain gametypes.i recommend this for you. you have my approval.  play it and have fun :)"
76561198116270193,Recommended,212480,8609720,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Pandemolde,Best Kart Racing game I've ever played :_D
,Recommended,212480,22804116,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Amondren,"Mario Kart on PC with faster races, more unforgiving AI, and interesting Sega characters and stages makes for a great game. A great game to play with friends online, as well as taking on single player challenges.If your looking for a great Kart racer to play with your friends check it out and enjoy."
,Recommended,212480,23575853,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Larexus,"Mario Kart for PC. They did an amazing job with this game, the level design is really well done and the way the levels change from lap to lap leading to seemless boat and air sections is brilliant. Loads of your favourite SEGA characters from Sonic, Nights, crazy taxi, and loads more and even a couple of wacky ones such as football manager. HIGHLY recommended, especially if you have a few buddies to play against. Worth the full price even in my opinion.Game Showcase-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ab16WQZKXP8"
76561198022512109,Recommended,212480,20950210,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,[S.N] Saru ''KITE'' man,"Just amazing! If you're a Mario Kart fan, this game is a must have!"
,Recommended,212480,8038590,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,♥Neppy♥,"Haha This Game. Its a pretty dam good game actually.The track design for the tracks is pretty good. Good amounts of Car, Boat and Plane. (Nice change from just being a car in the first game)Got a fair few characters from the 1st one as well as some new ones such as Danica Patrick and Ralph (from wreck-it ralph) roster is about 20 characters i think so nice selection there.plenty of things to do in the game itself from Grand Prix's to free races to the world tour where you unlock characters.The controls are a bit funny but I didnt bother changing them just got used to them, though this game would be a lot better with a controller (that the game recognises).Playin this with friends is actually pretty dam fun, ive had a few races with some mates had a blast ^^Definelty a must buy occasioanally on sale for $7.50 or $5 so for that price def worth it. (Xmas sales soon ;) )"
,Recommended,212480,23613172,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,PugLife,"I really miss Mario Kart or Crash Team Racing.But, in this game, Sonic proved to be a good substitute! probably thanks to the developers work. Sonic, for me, is not really what I'd call ""my favourite character"".I gave this game a try when friends came visiting me. I didn't know that only a few races are available, the others must be unlocked from career mode. Oh well, we enjoyed it anyway!"
,Recommended,212480,7977120,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,🎃Epona🎃💀👻🕸🍆,fast
,Recommended,212480,13826994,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,GardeN,"Превосходные гонки от SEGA, они смогли превзойти самих себя, они добавили в свой мир самых разных персонажей из различных вселенных, ни только герои SEGA, но и другие, кто, например, ожидал увидеть в этой игре огнеметчика из игры ""Team Fortress 2""?, я лично- нет!Плюсы:1) Как таковой кампании тут нет, но, чтобы получать новые трассы и открывать новые миры с героями, нужно по возможности получать максимальное количество звезд с гонки. ( усложняя эту гонку, выбирая уровень сложности чуть выше).2) В каждой трассе есть препятствия и бонусы,которые иным способом,Вам могут помочь заполучить первое место и помешать другому гонщику во время заезда.3) Огромное количество различных персонажей, где уже в начале игры доступно множество их них, а других нужно открыть, заполучая звезды с заездов.4) Вариативность стилей вождения перед заездом, которые тоже нужно получать, прокачивая своего перснажа в уровне, что дает иметь небольшое преимущество перед другими, если выбрать правильный стиль.5) Интересные идеи, которые делают игру более красочную, а именно трансформация движушего средства, превращающая из машины в лодку или самолет, и наоборот. Превращая их, почти всегда меняется окружающая среда ( сеттинг).6) Красивая, сочная графика и детализация всей трассы, деревьер, скал, камней, особенно хочется отметить воду и вулкан, выглядит красиво.7) Игра разнообразна, там имеются ни только кольцевые гонки, то и дрифт, выживание, где нужно остаться на дороге одному, уничтожив других персонажей и т.д.8) Возможность поиграть с друзьями, то есть мультиплеер, и от этого игра становится еще лучше.9) Поддержка джойстика Xbox 360Минусы:Как и все игры, она надоедает, пройдет только время.А также маленький шанс найти игру с настоящими игроками, игра уже не популярна.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=473609860"
,Recommended,212480,8377160,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,KillerAtWar,Best Kart game on pc.
,Recommended,212480,15883187,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Raymond Tracer,"Here I come!Rougher than Knuckles!The best of them!Tougher than Knuckles!You can call me Knuckles!Unlike Knuckles, I don't chuckle!I'd rather flex my knuckles!I'm hard as Knuckles! It ain't hard to chuckle!I break them whether they're Knuckles or Knuckle.Unlike Knuckles, I'm independent since the first chuckle!First Knuckles, feel the Knuckles, then the Knuckle chuckle!"
,Recommended,212480,25645096,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,I Never Swag,"Fun 3 years ago. Fun today. Online still has players.  Basically Sonic Mario Kart.If you buy, you will not regret it.9/10"
76561198070286322,Recommended,212480,11632230,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,TwoTonTitties69,I Went Fast.
,Recommended,212480,8713811,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Leo - Joga,"Muito bom. Jogo lembrando mairo kart com 2 modalidades a mais, jet ski e avião, ficou perfeito.. Joguei a campanha completa e valeu as horas jogadas. Pode comprar sem medo. =) pessoal reclama um pouco de bugs, mas não atrapalhou em nada."
,Recommended,212480,22441046,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Hank Hell,"Graphics: 9/10Sound: 9/10Gameplay: 9.5/10Value: 9.5/10Total: 9.25/10Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is one of the best racing games I've ever played.  Unfortunately the multiplayer is pretty dead these days.  I got this game when purchasing the Sega Collection for a very nice deal a couple years ago.  Being hopelessly bored one day, I decided to try the game out.  I was not disappointed.I recently played Mario Kart 8 for the first time on a friends Wii-U.  Sonic racing was easily better.  The game can be a real challenge sometimes.  The scenery is amazing throughout the levels as well.  I found myself playing the crap out of this game until I'd pretty much gotten every achievement besides the multiplayer ones.If you can find this game cheap and don't mind single player racing, this game will take you for a wild ride that you will not soon forget!"
76561197997742625,Recommended,212480,1771166,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,MikeLovesRabbit,"Don't let the incredibly stupid concept discourage you from picking this game up. It's the best Mario Kart clone to come along in ages, and, let's face it, there aren't a lot of games in this genre on steam. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,8709952,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Coat Rack,"How to tell if you would like this game.1: Do you like to go fast? If yes then you will like this game.2: Do you like Computer players that hate your guts and want to bea you in the races? If yes then this game may be one you like.3: Do you like a game that challenges you when racing to make you have to becareful of how you drive? If yes this game is for you.4: Do you likeamazingly crafted stages with tons of detail and nice music? If yes, then why do you not own this game yet, get out there and buy it."
,Recommended,212480,14412386,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,𝔹𝕌ℝ𝔾𝕐,"AUDIODated DubstepVISUALCleanDIFFICULTYToughVIBERacerCRAVINGParty GamesON SALEFrequentlyPROS:Absolute blast to play multiplayer. Lots of characters to choose from, all balanced with extra mod options. Gameplay is everything Mario Kart should be but hasn't had the guts to experiment with. Characters are all lively. Cups and ghosts are challenging and add plenty of lifespan to overall hours.CONS:Some maps have a few consistently-glitchy spots. Water sections of stages are very hard to control, as well as drifting in plane mode. Unlocking characters can be tedious. Half the unlockable tracks are just mirrored versions of preexisting ones.WORTH:I've gotten the full price worth out of this game and then some. If you have friends who also own it, you probably will too. Waiting for a sale would be best if you're planning to buy copies en-masse, though. It goes down to $5.00USD a couple times a year alongside many other sega hits, so you may as well splurge on the whole sales sega likes to do!OVERALL:An entertaining and controller-friendly racing game to be shared with friends. It may not satisfy the hardcore racer crowd, but it makes for a fun party game to put on with company.SCORE:10/10Full Review Coming Soon"
,Recommended,212480,10769088,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BIOX-PM,"This is an awesome fantasy racing game.At first, I thought it would be a cheap copy of the mario kart franchise and, honestly, I bought it as a replacement for that game, a PC alternative - after finishing the entire campaign, which is really addictive, I was surprised and amazed at how it surpassed the former in every single aspect. Below are the key factors behind my mindset.PROS:- Awesome tracks with decent level design, featuring rich environmental details, excellent BGM and diverse gameplay mechanics;- Rich character roster with some oldschool SEGA characters, along with new ones. Each one of them has 3 different vehicle designs well fit to their personalities, used in land/water/air sections of the tracks. They are not some generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t;- Challenging campaign, which sometimes requires complete mastery of the track.- The PC version is really well implemented, featuring stunning graphics.CONS:- Campaign coop is restricted to local coop. The internet multiplayer works very well, with no lags at all, but doesnt allow campaign mode.- The game locks you between Easy, Normal and Hard difficulties until you reach the last ""world"". Meaning that in order to unlock everything in the game, you are then forced to replay the entire campaign in a new master difficulty that is enabled in that world.8/10"
,Recommended,212480,22275239,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,「M[E]lancholy Hill」,I made my friend play this and he still doesn't believe that Danica Patrick is a playable character.
,Recommended,212480,14035699,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,sonikku dammit,cool game you have to do go fast
76561198079409759,Recommended,212480,8006947,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,MegaLobsterFace,"There are 2 incredibly unique things about this game. 1) It is a AAA Kart-racer on Steam. You aren't gonna find Mario Kart here, so unless you have a console, this is your only chance. 2) It is hard. Mario Kart and other Kart racers can be hard, too, but that is because of rubber-band AI and cheap items. The items in this game all require thought and skill to use and can be avoided with just the same. The AI is very difficult, but that isn't because they go faster as you get ahead, and if that actually puts anyone off, the online experience is also a great time. Also, as apparent from the recent DLC, it is a game that appreciates its online followings. When Mar becomes playable, we would have the perfect game. Minus a few balancing issues (in SP each lap starts the same, even if your main opponent is up front and you're in back) this is a very worth-while game. Even if it wasn't, though, It is a kart racer on Steam and I can play as JSR characters. It had me sold before I even played it."
,Recommended,212480,25468020,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,kcipopnevets,Easily one of the most consistent comic racing experiences I have personally had the pleasure of encountering since... Mario Kart Wii.You have a lot of characters to choose from (and they all look brilliant)You have a healthy selection of tracks borrowing the settings of a plethora of your favorite SEGA titlesThe music will blow your socks offItems are plenty fairThe game itself looks stunning and doesn't ask for much in regards to specsTransformation is a magical gimmick like no otherPlenty of game modes to choose from and online isn't necessarily as dead as it is on consoleI can go on all day about the things I like about this game so I'll stop myself short; it's all praise from here except for just one thing: Diversify your character selection to avoid the grind that is maxing out your entire roster.On sale or full price you'll find it hard to regret the buy.
,Recommended,212480,1909633,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,Haunted Prawn,"Think of it as Diddy Kong Racing, except MUCH more intense!"
,Recommended,212480,4473910,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Funky,"Even just playing 30 minutes of singleplayer, this game is awesome. It's pretty much just Mario kart but with SEGA characters, but its still amazing. Its really fun how it switches from ground, water, and then air. I havent even tried the multiplayer yet. And the game looks so nice with its cartoony graphic style."
76561197971021716,Recommended,212480,22898150,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,rooee,"It's the best kart game in the world that isn't Mario Kart 8. Drive ridiculous cars, boats, and planes. Do stunts in mid air. Chew off your own fist as you try to defeat Expert mode. There are tons of tracks, wonderfully overbearing music, and it's beautifully optimised for PC. So much content and so much fun."
,Recommended,212480,9984480,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,KeViNtheMASTA,10/10 would drift again.
,Recommended,212480,993005,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Gonchito,This game is perfect if you have some friends to play with and you want lots of fun in a mind-relaxed videogame. Its single player mode is simply awesome too!
,Recommended,212480,8151903,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sgt. Andersson [29th ID],"Surprisingly fun. A nice twist on the old kart racing formula. The UI could use some work though, and the port is pretty lazy, but the game itself is really entertaining."
,Recommended,212480,29810222,Posted: 9 February,all,PanaCoolXD,"I can confidentely say that this is the best racing game of all time, even if it is kind of a mario kart 8 copy thingie. Anyway, if you have 10 bucks to spare, definetely get this!But DON'T join online matchmaking unless you know all the tracks by heart. (I experienced that. ;) )"
,Recommended,212480,9658365,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Cupcakee,"I'm not into this kind of games, career, speed or something, but this game has something that makes me keep playing it and still on.In fact, it's because of all those characters from Sega Games and the maps, challenges, leveling your character and of course trying to get all the things that you need, really really worth the game and the time that I've spent on this game so far."
,Recommended,212480,9646773,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,A COOL AND POWERFUL SKELETON,this game RULES
76561198248439138,Recommended,212480,28620666,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,JobeGardener,Graphics alone are worth the admission. Stands next to most quality kart racers and you don't even have to like Sonic to have fun.
76561198043795081,Recommended,212480,13243721,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,pidgeons aren't my style,"Best modern arcade racing title and one of the best modern racing titles period. It might be cute, colorful, not exceedingly impressive graphically, but this game....in realy: this game is challenging, hardcore, the ultimate racer that MK just can't be. Single player is great, tones your skills and readies you for online which is still going today."
,Recommended,212480,27894519,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OmegaZero,Best racing game ever made.
,Recommended,212480,15925402,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Hal-Lor-ween,DANICA PATRICK HAS BEEN GHOSTED!
76561198046781319,Recommended,212480,13376955,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AnzyVee,"Very good,fun racing game, great for local/couch co-op"
,Recommended,212480,8024355,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Kurostein,"If you like racing games and fun with friends, this is a awesome game, even if you play it alone too. :x"
76561198054549130,Recommended,212480,30537058,Posted: 15 March,all,Latvic,"It's like ""Diddy Kong Racing"" but cranked up to 11!"
,Recommended,212480,33486688,Posted: 12 July,all,Caerulite,"Great, fun, and vibrant racing game reminiscent of Mario Kart."
,Recommended,212480,19368354,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Mighty Donut,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ forgot what the sun outside looked like10/10 would recomend
,Recommended,212480,31785283,Posted: 16 May,all,bubbaste,weeeeeeee
,Recommended,212480,8594981,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Ramalho,"One of the best arcada racing games i've played in recent times!The cartoonish style brings fresh air to the racing genre. The looks of the game are very enjoyable, the sound absolutely immerses us into the game and those weapons you catch remind me of the good old game ReVolt, where you can take down your opponents.The tracks are well balanced, some more difficult than others, of course.The online component is very nice too, you have several modes to play, not just the typical race and it's done. Here you can make a kind of an online career.Adding the full compatibility with Big Picture, yea, this is a good bet if you want to spend good time with some friends!"
,Recommended,212480,8741235,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,yankeeDEUCE,"Very fun kart racing game. The single player is pretty fun, but playing muliplayer with your friends is awesome.There are 30 different characters in game, in with a different standard style of driving. Each racer has 6 skills - Speed, Acceleration, Handling, Boost, and All-Star. As you level up your racers you unlock mods which change how those skills are spread out. The different tracks and gamemodes can call for a different setup, so you can usually use your favorite racer with a different mod. (And of course Football Manager is the best racer :D )The tracks are based on old Sega game, and most of them change throughout the 3 laps. There are also sections where you transform into a boat or a plane.There are a few different game modes - SP has a World Tour, a Grand Prix, and single race modes. For MP there are:Standard Race - Race for the top position while utilizing power ups.Battle Arena - Fight to survive using power ups. All players start with three hits. Once all off their hit points are gone, they are out. The last surviving player wins.Battle Race - Fight to survive using power ups. All players start with three hits. Once all off their hit points are gone, they are out. The last surviving player wins.Capture The Chao - A Chao balloon and a capture point spawn in random spots. Bringing the Chao balloon to the capture point adds to the players score. Reaching the target limit or capturing the most before time runs out declares the winner.Boost Race - Race for the top position. There are no items to make use of, only boost pads will help racers in this mode.The boost race isn't that much fun, as using powerups to slow or stun your opponents is the best part of playing a kart game.  The other modes are all very fun though.This is definitely worth picking up during a Steam sale, and if you like kart or racing games $20 isn't bad either."
,Recommended,212480,10986431,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Carmine Embershard,"9.8/10This is probably one of the best Arcade Kart Racers of all time, and my second favorite behind Crash Team Racing (for nostalgia's sake)This game feels like a cross between Mario Kart and Jak-X with a bit of Star Fox 64 thrown in for good measure, the controls are incredibly snappy and drifting is smoother than a cashmere codpiece. I was worried that much like mario kart, the challenge of the game would dissapate once you have gotten quite proficient at it, but I was pleasently surprised to find that a fourth difficulty is introduced once you get far enough into the game.The Transforming feature of this game I initially assumed to be a gimmick, but in actuality It forms an integral part of what makes this game great; the speedboat style parts have realistic water physics (not to mention that the water looks great too), the flight sections of tracks are well designed so that you dont get lost and the flight physics do not take days to figure out (in fact I picked them up almost instantly [after a little oh the vertical is reversed moment]) unlike some games such as battlefield.The Variety of different game types is pleasant; race, battle race, battle arena, etc. however the time trial style mini games in the world tour such as drift challange and traffic attack (which are good fun) cannot be played on all of the tracks.Four of the 21 tracks in the game are direct ports from the previous game, they are fairly good tracks so I can overlook this, one of these is a paid DLC that comes with metal sonic. Honestly I feel this DLC should have been free, but compared to the other DLCs which are literally just extra characters it makes some sense. So completionists beware, if you really want to get every unlock in the game you will need to spend just under $5.00 extra to get those karts.The Graphics in this game; while its not a super duper high-end eye-gasm inducing system-melting dx11 masterpiece, the visuals are very pleasing, it is seamless and themed well, at times you may see a couple of low-res textures or low-polycount models in the backround, reminding you that this is a console port but nothing that takes away from the playing experience.Oh, Yeah thats right, this is a console port! and before you turn tail and run sceaming to your copy of Crisis 3 and proceeding to clutch it while shivering in the corner; It is a wonderfully optimised port, solid 60fps and absolutley no stuttering, input lag or any other issues often asscosiated with console ports (cough.. cough... Trials Fusion).SEGA have been doing a lot of great ports of late, good job you show 'em how its done!I did own the previous game; Sonic & Sega All Stars Racing on Wii briefly, it was laggy, difficult to control and not at all fun to play, but I suppose thats just down to motion control and >30fps that you get with a wii, but Mario Kart Wii played much better than that, so Idk. The point i'm trying to make is that before purchasing All-Stars Transformed I was highly skeptical of it being any good, and well I guess I couldn't have been more wrong.(Nearly done don't worry, It's a miracle you are still reading now to be fair).If you enjoy Fast Paced Kart Action or just want something more exciting than you average Mario Kart game, I would definately Recommend you buy this game, It is worth the full price on store but if you dont want to shell out, then wait for it to go on sale, I nabbed it for Half Price.Now a Couple of Warnings:- Use a 360 controller, the game is perfectly playable on the keyboard but if you dont have n-key rollover you are gonna run into a couple of problems and inevitable frustration.- The Config menu will not launch from steam (at least for me), you need to go to the game directory and set Launcher.exe to run in compatibility mode for XP sp-3.- The Multiplayer Servers are empty, or at least really quiet, the game is fine with out it, but some acheivement and stickers require you to win online races, so again completionists beware.Now buy it and race me online so I can beat you.I'm not joking,Did you buy it yet?Why are you still reading this? BUY THIS GAME"
76561198034198440,Recommended,212480,9856454,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Sitez,"Really fun game. The race types are dynamic, from vs. battles to checkpoint eliminatation matches, Sonic all star transformed will keep you playing for a while. I bought this game for my son and originally I thought it was going to be way too easy of a racer for me, but it turned out that it was a pretty good challenge for both of us to beat the matches on meduim diffuculty to unlock the new characters. The roster of characters are from a variety of different games and movies, which makes it even more fun for my kids to play as these racing heroes. I recommend this game for anyone that likes the battle racing style."
,Recommended,212480,7580211,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Slow,GOTTA GO spend most of my free time trying to get all the character mods and beat all the staff times and get all the world tour stars damn my life is empty
,Recommended,212480,1555500,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,HoosTrax,"Excellent looking and performing PC port. SEGA fan service abounds and the Golden Axe theme in particular really stands out. AI is very aggressive and technically sound at A and S rank when it comes to performing drifts/combos and countering item effects, but never cheaty or unfair -- if you manage to get a healthy lead, the AI doesn't start rubberbanding to catch up like in many arcade racers."
,Recommended,212480,2493582,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,FoffleWaffle,"This game is a cart racer similar to Mario Kart or Crash Team Racing. This game is pretty fun the way stages will change based on whatever lap you're on. The ground can shatter, the road can end going into an ocean... or you can launch off an air carrier and race in the middle of a massive dog fight.. it all depends on the stage. The changes are scripted and are the same each time but still it adds a fun dynamic to what otherwise would have been a standard kart racing game. Your kart can transform into a speed boat or a flying machine depending on what happens in the game. Winning is based more on how well you can handle your vehicle and how well you can drift-boost. You can also dodge attacks with speed boost making the game more skill based than luck based. Being farther in the back makes the chance of getting a greater item higher. Being in front however doesn't mean you'll be denied ultimate attacks. You have a chance of getting your ultimate ""All-Star"" item even in first place.This game really did keep my attention for quite a while. I put about 30 hours into it playing the Grand Prix mode in easy, normal hard and expert. Trust me when I say this. ""Normal"" is the old Sonic Racing ""Hard mode"" Hard and expert mode will give you a run for your money. There is also a progression mode to earn stars and unlock characters and mods. They get very difficult if not impossible towards the end so proceed with caution.This game is a total retro throwback to many of old segas games so many of the themes in the game have been remixed or improved upon with the exception of old stages from the previous Sonic Racing. My favorite themes in the game are the theme for Burning Depths and the theme for the Golden Axe level.Overall this game is not too bad. Great visuals, nice background music, fun characters. It's a must have for any sonic fan and a 'try' for anyone who remotely likes cart racers. I'm sure you'll get at least some fun out of it.At launch the game released with a online multiplayer mode that was extremely broken and near impossible to play with constant disconnects, empty lobbies and lag to no end. I recently played it again. Match making has been improved but the load times are ridiculous, taking anywhere from 2-3 minutes to load a stage with 10 players. Online Multiplayer is still very laggy causing characters to jump back and forth in time because players aren't synced. Sumo and Sega failed on the one thing that could have made this a game awesome. End the end I'm still disappointed."
,Recommended,212480,7939680,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,IceDoesnthelp,"Better than Mario Kart? I wouldn't say so. Tons of fun and still a great kart racer? Hell yeah.Best $5 ever spent. Game is a hell of a good time, and is surely a great party game."
,Recommended,212480,10565184,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ryin,Best game for fast.
,Recommended,212480,11818163,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Panchy,i shoot the gun and get star broom broom get out me car
,Recommended,212480,8891339,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Clownophobia,"If anyone of you has ever played Mario Kart or Crash Team Racing and liked it - you'll definitely love this one and I can guarantee that!While you keep playing, you can unlock 26 characters in total and you have lots of different kind of levels to play through! When other racing games go only by bikes and go-karts, in S&ASRT you can drive cars, bikes, boats and planes as soon as the environment changes.The game itself is not different from other racing games but it gives you an energic boost when you get into it - all the maps, views, the way the environment goes crazy and the soundtracks. You just can't do anything else but to love it!"
,Recommended,212480,10183252,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Doctor Money,"Have you ever wanted to be sanic fast? Well this game lets you achieve speeds of at least five sanic lightspeeds. So go race, in hope that you can almost be like sanic!"
,Recommended,212480,13788305,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,ToRaBoRa,Best racing game who likes Mario Kart!
,Recommended,212480,21797508,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Croy,Split screen campaign mode.
76561197960366967,Recommended,212480,10280536,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Flickwerk,"Best thing since Mario Kart and it's available on the PC!!!Highly recommended to all who like to smile and have fun and all who like to ""shoot"" their friends just before they make it into the goal xDSummary:Driving feels really good.Epic racing tracks from alot of different Sega games.Tons of unlocks.Even more unlocks.Awesome Singleplayer.Even more awesome Multiplayer.Epic online modes."
,Recommended,212480,10190602,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ein,Fun game. You will rage.
,Recommended,212480,10761152,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Soura,Good racing game!
,Recommended,212480,16386853,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Absinthe,ːBillyHatcherː I recommend this game. It has its own uniqueness compared to other racing games.
,Recommended,212480,2236194,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Whatever_man,One of the best arcade racing games I have ever played. If you like going fast - get it. You can also ride a boat.
,Recommended,212480,24874685,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheGumpSquad,Best game I've ever played
,Recommended,212480,24921533,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Jetti,"Even though this has the Sonic branding on it, it's one of the best cart racers of all time no lie"
76561198032522502,Recommended,212480,24231824,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,krolpand,"Coming from a long history of playing Mario Kart, this game is refreshingly similar but includes some distinctive features. For once, AI don't finish in the same order in every damn race. Then there is the career mode (one by one vs. cups of 4) and the unlocking through progress. Last but not least there are similarities such as drifting (snake technique?).The biggest feature - the transformation into ships and planes - goes along with a change in physics and balancing which is great.Overall, the single player is much less frustrating than expected. There are so many different race modes! Time Attacks, Ring Races, Drift Challenges, Speed Challenges, races without weapons...From what I can see, this is the best Mario Kart availalble for PC and it might even beat it on any platform because of the track variety and different race modes."
,Recommended,212480,18984114,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sensual Lettuce,"I mentally associate Sonic games in this era to be sub-standard reproductions of the Sega heyday of the 1990's which pander to widespread nostalgia. But this game is really good. Like, as good as the modern iteration of Mario Kart good. The environmental graphics and animations in particular are phenomenal and transition from ground to air chases is seamless and thrilling. There's a huge number of characters are available and a lot of them are weird, but hey, this is made by Japan. Another odd feature of this game is that the interface is narrated: select anything and it will speak what you selected aloud, as if it was made for blind people. Sonic All-Stars Racing is filled with quirks but is a lot of fun where it counts: the thrill of racing, especially with friends in local multiplayer."
,Recommended,212480,8735459,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,PSYK0S1STER,Werth!
76561198041234411,Recommended,212480,8386258,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,in them guts,best game
,Recommended,212480,10818406,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pevey,"This is my favorite racing game so far.  It is better than all of the fancier-looking (""serious"") racing games I've tried.  My biggest complaints about racing games are usually around controls (either too sensitive and you drift all over, or not sensitive enough, and you can't even make a turn) and/or that the game is just boring.  This game has neither of those issues.  As far as controls go, they feel very responsive and fair, and each character's car handles a little differently, so you can experiement and find one that works best for you.  As for boring, the races all have parts of the course with air/water or other environments to keep you on your toes.  Your vehicle will automatically morph (to a boat or aircraft) and will handle a little differently during these portions.  You also have weapons you can deploy and defend against, sort of like Mario Kart.  Non-competitor enemies will also popup and try to slow your progress, but not in a way that is impossible to avoid.  I definitely recommend this game if you are looking for a good racing game and not too concerned about super-realistic graphics or any sort of pseudo-narrative/campaign mode."
,Recommended,212480,7957572,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,"NNK alias ""ME""",Dark Souls: The Racing GameIt's fun and challengingMIKU DLC WHEN SEGA?
76561197993237707,Recommended,212480,21377047,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Tooloohoohoo,"My favorite racing game ever.  Better than Mario Kart.  Better than any other cart racing game.  Beautiful tracks, precise nuanced controls, interesting game mechanics.  This is a gem that doesn't get nearly enough credit."
,Recommended,212480,21371380,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Kenshin_Link,Excellent racing game with many race modes and excellent online experience.
,Recommended,212480,9422447,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,βeta-Ωmega²,"This game is a must-have for any racing fanatic. While many may think ""Oh it's just a Mario Kart rip-off"", I am here to tell you that this game is so much more behind it's similarity to Mario Kart.If you care to look closer to gameplay of this game and Mario Kart, you'd see that this game is aLOTmore skill-related than it is 'shoot-your-way-to-1st-place', which (sorry, Nintendo) is what Mario Kart mainly is. In Mario Kart, if you don't get to first place very early on, you are kinda screwed, unless you happen to get a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of Red Shells. Also, the A.I. is kinda mediocre.In this game, however, since there are 3 different types of vehicles, there are 3 different playstyles, which also means that there are 3 different opportunites to get an edge over your opponent(s). One can be horrible at driving boats while they excell at piloting airplanes, which can be their ticket to the podium or, alternatively, their ticket to the back of the line. Unfortunately, (sorry, getting off-topic here) you cannot gain a 'rivalry' with another character, which makes them try and ram you off the course or target you if you are nearby. This would make the game pretty awesome and a lot more player-influenced. In addition to this game's unique playstyle, there are also someveryunique mission types, such as Pursuit, in which you have a health bar and you must destroy a tank with missiles, which is not something you'd expect from SEGA. Just fullof suprises, now, aren't you?Overall, I give this game an 8.7/10, because there are some glitches present that can cause you to come in last (such as hitting a ramp in boat mode and falling out of the track. You do respawn, however, so it is not a major thing) and because some missions are outright ridiculous in their difficulty. Other than these flaws, this game is great all around.I highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys their classic racing games with a little...twistadded to them. (Also because no one has this game and I want to race my friends ;~;)"
,Recommended,212480,10635906,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Universal Sigh,Mario Kart on steroids!
,Recommended,212480,31478302,Posted: 30 April,all,Camilo x3,"It's not like Mario Kart, S&SASRT is a LOT more difficult. You have to lose many times to learn how to play. I can't count the times I yelled trying to complete the expert challenges lol.Awesome soundtrack, nice grapics, nice characters.Best karting game."
,Recommended,212480,33029400,Posted: 30 June,all,Chimcanhcut,A fun and interactive racing game to play with family and friends.
,Recommended,212480,3874313,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,TehGrum,It's no Mario Kart. But it's half alright.
,Recommended,212480,25138673,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,[SSK]Yacir,"Great game, unlock a lot of charaters from a lot of games, ulala from channel 5, crazy taxi driver, total war's shogun, also amazing themed tracks, that sure will bring good memories for the olders of u, panzer dragoon, jet set radio..the water rendering is great and refraiching to glide on during this hot summer.shame it dont recognize wheel controllers, but meh, xbox pad will do just fine.get is on sale, it worth every penny."
,Recommended,212480,8131333,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lil' Gideon,"Even if you're not into Sega, this is still a solid and incredibly fun racing game. Also, YOU CAN HAVE SONIC, TF2ANDWRECK-IT RALPH RACING EACH OTHER ALL AT THE SAME TIME AND IF YOU DON'T THINK THAT'S THE COOLEST THEN GET OUT OF MY FACE"
,Recommended,212480,9688296,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,The Silkiest,"I think that Sonic has had a shaky start with racing games.  Sonic Drift, Sonic R, Riders, and even the previous All Stars racer.  But Transformed is the sonic racer that REALLY defines not only what a Sonic racing game should be, but what should a solid arcade racer is.  Transformed is more of an arcade racer in the vein of classic titles like Daytona USA, OutRun, etc. than a traditional Kart Racer.  Each vehicle in both air, water, and land has it's own distinct feel and responsiveness that really sets the good from the bad aside.  Transformed benefits from a balanced roster, item-list, great level design (if not a bit long), and great respect to the SEGA Brand outside of the weird addition of Danica Patrick.  Is it worth your time?  Yes.  Is it fun as hell?  Yes.  Is Ryo from Shenmue in?  YES.The best godddamn arcade racer."
,Recommended,212480,4572018,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,bodryachock,"Cars, boats and aircrafts in one race game! High quality and well thought-out game with a lot of fun =)"
,Recommended,212480,7980765,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,A certain SICP wizard,"I don't know about you, but Sumo Digital have outdone themselves! This is one of the games that I've played on the free weekend deal and actually had fun with it. Bought it the other day, and still had fun with it! Definetly gets a 10/10 for fun and gottagofast/10 for its drift boosts."
,Recommended,212480,12225111,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ImperatorTiberius,"I don't think it's a bold statement if I say that EVERYONE has had fun time with Mario Kart. At least, I know no person who has had no fun with Mario Kart. I had fun, my lil sis had fun, my parents had fun, my grandparents had fun, all my friends had fun. Mario Kart is FUN. And so is... ahem: ""Sonic and Sega All Star Racing TRANSFORMED"", what's in the name ;)Why the comparisson? Well just look at it, it's a race game featuring game characters from other games (sega and valve) you may or may not know and you have powerups and weapons to pick up and use. Is it a bad thing? Not according to me, this is a good game.It's gameplay gimmick is the Transformed part. Most courses are part driven in a car, part in a boat and part flown in an aircraft! This changes the dynamics quite a bit as you have to manouvre in 3d when you fly, boats respond differently, etc. It works really well and the tracks are well designed.It's just a fun arcade racing game with powerups, boosts, skill and cartoony weapons, nothing more to it. It's fun singleplayer, it's fun but tough online, and even more fun when playing with family and friends in split-screen.The characters you can race with may not be known to some players nowadays. I played both Nintendo SNES and Sega Genesis back in the days. I liked mario, off course, but I like Sonic too. I never was part of any camp. Now Sega has come to my beloved PC and I was happy to see that speeding blue hedgehog and his friends again, even though they haven't had a good game since Sonic-CD besides these racing games. The first character I chose was the ""green dwarf"" I remembered from the game called ""Golden Axe"", I also know ""that taxi driver"" from Crazy Taxi and the ""monkey"" from Monkeyball. But Sega is more of a PC-publisher nowadays and so we get: A Samurai representing Shogun: Total War, a Roman representing Rome: Total War, a Russian general representing Company of Heroes, ""the football manager"" and 3 of the Team Fortress characters!!! It's an acceptable roster for Steam I would say, it has more potential though. I would love to see an even more PC-specific roster, let Sega think outside their own box even more, they could sell this game even better if they put a Dhovakin as a character in it or Shephard, or Gordon Freeman, or a Kerbal, but it's a fun and diverse roster.The game looks beautifull, nice and sharp with vibrant colors. The sound is also what you would expect, it suits the game. And compliments about the music ingame! Funny thing about the menu's though, first of all everytime you boot the game the voice-over pronounces the entire title of the game and he also narrates the choices you make XDI really recommend this game if you hang out with friends to play videogames. It's more fun when you play together, online multiplayer is fun, the singleplayer is also fun, but on-sofa multiplayer is so much more fun! You do need controllers, something we pc-gamers do not tend to have and if we do, we only tend to have one... these are all obstacles, I know. But if you do physically hang out to play games, this game is highly recommended by me. If you know how to fiddle a little tiny bit and want to spend some time doing it, you can make a working controller out of any android phone. It's a solution, the other solution is to buy more controllers.I would score it 7/10 if you are primarily going to play singleplayer or online, 9/10 if you are going to be playing with family and friends which I highly recommend!"
,Recommended,212480,32809141,Posted: 26 June,all,Dirk Nukem,"Really enjoyable. I think I would prefer it to be strictly karting without the plane/boat components, but I don't mind too much. I wanted something like Mario Kart 64 but with modern graphics that I could play on my PC. This gets impressively close to that dream. Intense, challenging racing, great music and sound effects. Great graphics."
,Recommended,212480,3829221,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,L.,Best Mario Kart ever!
76561198026527434,Recommended,212480,10569868,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,100%ミルキィ☆D R E W,"IMO currently the best kart racer out there.While S&ASRT retains the simple controls of the other games of this genre (most notably, the Mario Kart series), it raises the bar to distance itself from other kart racers, presenting a steep learning curve and proving to be the most technical and rewarding game of its kind.Your Mario Kart skills mean nothing here."
,Recommended,212480,10752264,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Permzilla,good
,Recommended,212480,6093950,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,telekinesticman,"(This review was written BEFORE the release of Mario Kart 8, which is now my favourite racing game ever. So yeah.)I can safely call this my favourite racing game of all time, and not just because it has Sonic in it. This game features gorgeous visuals, music and characters, and fantastic track design and original concepts and stage gimmicks to keep things fresh. If it was worth me buying a second copy, as I already own a near-fully completed copy on my PS3, then that certainly states that I recommend this game to not only Sonic and SEGA fans, but fans of racing games and videogames in general.If you want more graphical charm and don't have an amazing PC (like me) you may be better off getting a console version, but seriously, buy this amazing gem of a racer right now! It is worth MORE than the pricetag of $20, and certainly more than the $5 that it is on sale for!"
,Recommended,212480,9235218,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,JackaL,"This game reminds me a lot of Crash Team Racing. It's high-paced, full of action, and challenging yet not irritating. I like how the tracks are dynamic and there are a nice pool of characters to choose from at the start of the game. I would even go out on a limb and say this is the PC gamer's Mario Kart. It's very good and worth picking up, especially if you love racing games like I do."
,Recommended,212480,23174461,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,YaBu,"Nice game, fun play with friends and family"
,Recommended,212480,10172536,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Jag Gentlemann,"This game is like a Mario Kart for PC. Is that bad? Heck no. In some aspects this is even better than Mario Kart. For example, the circuits change each lap, so you are not driving the same circuit in one race, and that is great.The characters are a bit derp for me. I mean, You have Sonic, Alex Kid, and then you have a Shogun and a Roman soldier.... what? But I don't think that it's something bad, I find them really funny.The game is playable with keyboard with keybinding are pretty bad, but you can change then. The port is great in my opinion, I have no perfonmance problems."
,Recommended,212480,11170835,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,PookPunk,"You might take one look at Sonic & ALL-Stars Racing Transformed and see it as a Mario Kart knock off. While they are similar, I would say this game borrows more elements from Diddy Kong Racing on the N64. Both these games feature hovercrafts, airplanes, and karts. The difference with this title is that the vehicles transform between all of these within each course. And might I add that the courses look spectacular! Not only that, but they are actually really well designed. Each course is filled with nods of nostalgia if you ever owned a Master System, Genesis, Saturn, Dreamcast, or any Sega game. The music is brilliantly catchy consisting of remixed SEGA tunes from previous catalogs. It's obviously not Mario Kart and lacks the eggshells, invincibility stars, The Mushroom Kingdom, etc. This is SEGA so it's all Sonic galore. Thankfully, this game isn't based soley on characters from the Sonic universe and most of the disliked characters from the series are NOT included. In return, this game mixes characters from other Sega games such as NiGHTs, Alex Kidd, and Beat from Jet Set Radio. Most of the included characters aren't even popular Sega characters, but the fact they have been included is total fan service. Surprisingly, this game is actually fun and REALLY REALLY fast. It's both addictive and challenging with tons of unlockables. And it sports online play with voice communication! Sadly, most will compare this to Mario Kart and shove it off as knock off.The reality is that Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed actually gives Mario Kart a run for it's money. Thus, it's sort of like picking between apples and oranges and in this case, it just becomes a Sega does what NintenDONT. (Just had to say it.)In conclusion, this is one of the best Sega games I've played in recent years. Go figure it was made by Sumo Digital, a second party studio outside of SEGA. In theory, maybe Sega should hire them more often. Anyway, despite the brilliance of this kart racer it does have a few flaws. It certainly lacks that Nintendo polish you see in the Mario Kart series. There are a couple of nasty bugs (mostly in online mode) that do appear out of no where. A patch could really do this game well. Other than that, I'd say it's almost comparable to Mario Kart, maybe some aspects even better than Mario Kart. This game is a perfect solution for those who don't own a Nintendo Platform, but are desperately craving a kart racer, and a good one at that! If you own a Wii U, this is the game you bought while you waited for Mario Kart 8. Some have even argued that Nintendo should have borrowed some elements from Transformed. Transformed is better than nothing, but it's even better if you are a fan of Sega and familar with their back catalog of games.In short, it's Diddy Kong Racing on steroids, but with Sonic and Sega characters instead. It even has a couple of monkeys from the Super Monkey ball games...that's close enough to Diddy. Don't be fooled by Sega's mediocrity of the past. This game belongs in the top 5 kart racers list. Right up there Crash Team Racing, Diddy Kong Racing, and Mario Kart.OVERALL:+ Good visuals, catchy tunes, fun gameplay-  A few nasty bugs-  Hovercraft can be hard to control. (No different to DKR on N64)"
,Recommended,212480,21918537,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,panic,w
,Recommended,212480,7973718,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Vunjak,"It's probably one of the better arcade racers I've played in recent years. I should get to playing it more but I have to be in the right kind of mood to want this kind of game. The game itself is easy to pick up and play but challenging to master. I'd recommend this over the various Mario Kart racers thanks to the competitive aspect that lies somewhat hidden beneath the surface. Not all of the tracks are perfect but most of them are easy on the eyes and varied in a way that one track can have multiple ""environments"" thanks to the different vehicle modes of going from car to airplane to boat. This is my favorite game released from SEGA since Sonic Generations.The learning curve is very good going from lower difficulties up to harder ones and earning those medals prolongs replay ability if you're into that sort of collecting. 10 player online racing also insures that when you're tired of predictability in the racing AI you'll have slightly more unpredictable opponents to go up against. I can't speak from personal experience on that aspect because I've played the game so little and have no confidence in doing well against live opponents. It's like what my old pal Han said, ""Look, good against remotes is one thing. Good against the living? That's something else."" However, I hear numerous reports that the online does work well with only minor latency issues and almost no disconnects. I would like to note that it may be harder to find as many opponents to race on the PC version with the exception of occasional sales that pop up like right now for example.I've heard some say it was ported badly or botched somehow. I never once experienced any issues with this game regarding graphical or control issues though I do use a Sixaxis controller and cannot speak for racing with mouse + keyboard. From my experience you're just asking for trouble when you play racing or fighting games without a gamepad but that's my opinion. It's one of the most stable games I've played in regards to alt+tabbing in and out of with no issues though results may vary depending on your OS.WARNING: The following huge paragraph is basically me attempting to explain and justify why I prefer video game music that sounds ""video game in nature"". Feel free to skip to the paragraph below it if you don't want to read a bunch of my most likely incoherent thoughts.I have to be honest here. I'm not easily impressed by music in most modern games. Usually we end up with some orchestral pieces or stuff that just sounds very unfitting to a video game soundtrack if that make sense. There was a time when you heard video game music and it was instantly recognizable as such mostly because of limitations of the sound chip included in a console/pc engine. For instance, if you never played Mario Galaxy and then listened to most of the OST you would probably assume it was just a piece made by some contemporary orchestra. So I think what SEGA does right in their Sonic games is they include music that sounds very true to what a video game soundtrack used to sound like, except it has been updated with present day technology using instruments and other more advanced techniques and sounds they couldn't have use in the past due to the limitations I mentioned before. I want to re-implore you all that I am in no way suggesting that video game music should never be orchestral or push the limit on what you can use in a video game, I only suggest what I prefer. Maybe I'm biased in that I have nostalgia for those old distinct sounds and I should just get over it and get into the orchestral stuff so I can further my taste. All I know is, some music I hear in video games travels into my auditory system and my brain says to me ""Yes I like this please continue."" I'm not here to say video game music should be a certain way, I know that any music in a video game is automatically ""video game music"" and therefore I can't deny any music used in any video game, even something like CRAZY BUS, is not video game music. All I'm saying is that there is a distinct difference in how video game music is being treated across various mediums and I prefer the route that Sega has taken when compared to say Nintendo and the developers who publish games for Xbox and Playstation. Also, I do want to say that orchestral music does have a place in video games. Let's take Shadow of the Colossus for example on the PS2. This game was definitely something  you played rather than watched yet it's movie-like quality lead to the orchestral score being one of the most fitting elements included. You had these tremendous sounds with drums, violins going to town, flutes and other wind organs just accentuating the excitement. Or at quieter less exciting times they were played slowly and solemnly to convey that feeling of loneliness or majesty of these colossi and the forbidden land that cradled them. So again, it has its place but should this music be everywhere? My opinion is that no it should not. The music should compliment what is happening and meld in some way that it fits appropriately to the style and events taking place.So now that we got that out of the way I want to say that Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed has one of the better soundtracks I've heard as of late. It reminds me of that electronic sound present in many older games and very much suits the fast pace racing game play. A lot of it is remixes but with enough twists that I feel they are their own creation with sampling rather than just simple tweaks and added effects. So I can safely say the music is more than solid, I really like it. If you like the music in older sonic games I am confident you will like it as well.Looking back at how much I've written thus far I think it's time to stop because no one will want to finish my ""little"" reccomendation. I think this game is worth a try for just about anyone with the slightest interest in it. I do have to admit the boundaries aren't perfect where often times I think that I can get away with just barely missing the edge of some obstacle or guard rail, and then suddenly I hit a tiny piece of invisible obstacle that was jutting out  just barely. However, this isn't a racing sim so such things are to be expected but still hurt my enjoyment if only slightly. I'd say it's worth the $5 it's on sale for right now but I paid $15 for it awhile ago and I'm still pleased with what I got for my money."
,Recommended,212480,11569997,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,+Gump,"Fun (but often frustrating) racing game. There's your traditional racing mode (more on that below), and the standard arena modes you'd find in most modern racing games, plus capture the flag.The story mode, involving unlocking tracks via gated progression based off of how well you perform in previous races, can be enormously frustrating at times. There are four difficulty settings for each track: Easy, Medium, Hard, and Expert (which only unlocks after you've beaten the tracks on an easier difficulty first) and each present their own spin on AI. Easy is pretty much a cakewalk, and anyone familiar with the controls should be able to fly through each race. The others, though, are a different story.The AI cheats in this game. ALOT.They are completely shameless about it. Every race, you start dead last in 10th place far behind everyone else, and half of the AI get boost starts on top of that. If you manage to overcome that massive handicap, you'll also have to deal with conspiring AI (they will always opt to fire their skills at you instead of other AI if possible), immediate & flawless reaction times, and to top it all off, one bot each race will basically be Wonder Woman. They're substantially harder, faster, better, stronger than all the other bots.Beating this game on Hard boils down to first managing to fly past the other 8 bots without any of them ever getting a good ability hit on you (if you do, you might as well restart the race) and then duking it out with the Alpha bot of the pack and hope that you get All Star before he/she does.I haven't eventriedto get past the first race of the first zone on Expert -- the bots will utilize every map exploit, corner trick, and power-up to completely ♥♥♥♥ you over. I'm sticking to my theory that this is a difficulty reserved for the sole purpose of derisively taunting your racing skills.Overall impressions: It might be worth a pickup at $20 if you enjoy racing games. At $5, it's probably worth getting just for the menagerie of characters. Just be prepared for your robot overlords."
,Recommended,212480,10756564,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Edward Sizzurphands,Mario Kart but on PC and better. Get this♥♥♥♥♥♥and you won't regret it. Get it when it's on sale and you really won't regret it
76561198009245068,Recommended,212480,7944705,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Trucker_Kate [Scania V8],"This game is AWESOME with Nvidia 3D Vision, you just need to download the Helix mod. Remember to doawnload Nvidia Inspector too before you race and then you're good to go, You ought to try it out. One of the best kart racing games I have ever tried, if not the best.Great for playing with your friends, but my flying skills are garbage lol.I like racing games and this one is my favorite. To top it off, it's for the pc so no troubles running it.Worth a try!"
,Recommended,212480,14029549,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Morgaannn,"Kind of Mario Kart with extra hard difficulty and a lot of playable characters, gotta go fast, 10/10"
,Recommended,212480,4532628,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,™Teknoman™,"HEhehe, better than mario-kart, more versatile, difficult and originality...even flying is made cool in this game with inverted settings on your xbox 360 controller!!!(pc)"
76561198047185888,Recommended,212480,16573553,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Mono,"The best kart racing game since Super Mario Kart. Absolutely fantastic controls, interesting levels, really rewarding drift mechanics, and a nice cast of characters. This is the definitve modern racer for everyone, and you shouldn't miss it."
,Recommended,212480,8389664,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,make canada kinda OK again,go very gotta fast
,Recommended,212480,7963409,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,tetTris,"at first it was a bit hard but as u play it gets better and better, i really do recommend this game to even racing game fans"
,Recommended,212480,30384479,Posted: 7 March,all,callamp,"It's the closest thing to playing Mario Kart on a PC and it has enough bells and whistles to make it an excellent game in its own right. SEGA has a rich history and they have transformed that into a heap of excellent stages. Level design is inspired, with many a stage transforming throughout the race - the final lap is often very different to the first lap.Performance on my PC was excellent. I played in at 4k @ 60 fps using a GTX980. Never experienced any slowdown.An easy recommend for anyone who enjoys cart racing games. I'd be shocked if anyone who loved Mario Kart didn't also have a heap of fun playing this game."
,Recommended,212480,7980057,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,KsToR,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is one of the best racing games I ever played. The animation and the graphics are amazing, the gameplay is fun and the ideea of transformation in mid-race is amazing. One of the best games from Sega."
,Recommended,212480,7935717,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,FJheals,Great fun game when playing with people you know :).
,Recommended,212480,26921918,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,NoHotAshes,Better than Mario Kart
,Recommended,212480,20489280,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Doulla,Like Dark Souls but with racing
,Recommended,212480,10108038,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Friz,"I think this is the best kart racing game made so far. The courses, unlock system, game mechanics and amount of content, are all top notch. If you like kart racing games, I don't think you will find a better one than this."
,Recommended,212480,21053586,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,caelumsixsmith,"+ Very polished racing game+ Known characters and scenarios from famous SEGA games (and a few characters from games not developed or published by them)+ Great amount of content+ Tracks feel fresh and well elaborated+ Gorgeous graphics+ Smooth and intuitive gameplay+ Arguably, the DLCs seem fair considering how much content the base game offers+ Not as quirky as Mario Kart, but still pretty good (and the only option on PC that comes pretty close to MK)+ Engaging multiplayer (still active after three-four years)- Sounds can be too loud even with the volumes down by 30 levels- The narrator speaks way too much in the menus (arguably in the races as well)- Interface is too simplistic, so it might feel a bit lacking for some players- Could have more characters and tracks from other renowned SEGA franchises such as Phantasy Star, Bayonetta and Golden AxeVerdict: The first Sonic game I played was on the Genesis and it wasn't much. Then I played something someone (or SEGA themselves) released for browsers more than a decade ago. I didn't care for Sonic up until I started playing Phantasy Star Online 2. The fact that SEGA refuses to release PSO2 in the West to instead give us more Sonic games that no one asked for made me get a grudge with it, but then there's the PSO2 anniversary lobby and EQs with songs from Dreamcast Sonic games. If you're reading this and you've played PSO2 around that time, you probably know why this is a reason for me not to like Sonic.Anyway,I still don't like Sonic as a character, but I certainly see it differently as a franchise. I tried ASRT on Android and was very disappointed with it, but I've always had my eyes on the Steam release cos I knew I'd like it better if I played with a controller. It went beyond my expectations, proving to be a very polished racing game with everything I could ask of it and more!"
,Recommended,212480,7645219,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,kj3400 [Dankineer Prime],"If it's not the sheer amount of tracks, or the music, maybe the fact that you can change MIDRACE to a boat or a plane, or that the track changes during the race. The multiplayer is a bit buggy at times, and the learning curve can be a bit steep if you want to start matchmaking right off the bat, but it can be rewarding. This game is epic, and I really want someone to race ;_;"
,Recommended,212480,8738197,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Arcade,"If I had to rate this game out of 5 I would give it a 3.The game is really fun! You can transform into multiple vehicles, do challenging missions to improve upon your driving skills, and face other people to see whos better. The items can be annoying, but its sooooooo easy to climb back to 1st place if you know what your doing.Though this game requires some skill, its fairly easy for any newcomers who just want to race and throw items at eachother.The only downside is how glitchy the game is. Half the time when im in the top 3, I get easily knocked back to 10th thanks to flying in the sky for 30 secs, my car suddenly going the opposite direction and forcing myself to look the right direction, and just glitching through things in general.I have played with atleast 6 friends whom i gifted to and usually one of them complains why they're glitched inside a rock or something similar."
76561198365782607,Recommended,212480,33622852,Posted: 17 July,all,RazelDrazel,"vrom vrom you punk♥♥♥♥♥kids if your a god like me in this game it should be fun if your a bot who fights for 5th place you might as well smash your controller rn, the levels in this game are great in this game and pretty diverse the graphics are nice for when it was made and there is a good mix up of characters id give it a 8/10 unless your bad at the game then its a 2/10 you soccer mom mini van driving trashcan"
,Recommended,212480,5893591,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Ñimbus,"Fun fun fun, even more if you have friends to play with! The closest thing to Mario Kart you are going to find in PC."
76561198003514129,Recommended,212480,7743701,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,joe2187,"Why is this so fun? This game should have no right to be this fun. There is list of things in this game that should automatically make it not so fun and enjoyable.1: It's a sonic game2: It's made by SEGA3: It's a sonic game that has characters in it other than Sonic.4: It is made by SEGA5: It's a modern Sonic game made by SEGA6: It's a blatent Mario-Kart cloneAll those things combined should make it the worst game that SEGA has ever produced, but it's not. It's actually extremely fun and addictive like classic Mario Kart games were, the visuals and track designs are gorgeous in detail and faithfulness to all the classic SEGA franchises, especially the after burner stage with the remix of it's godlike stage theme.I cant believe I'm saying this, but All Stars racing is definitely a game worth buying no matter the price, it's a Kart racing game done right."
76561197980722721,Recommended,212480,7927718,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Blacki,This game is fantastic. It's seriously the best Kart Racer since Mario Kart Double Dash.It gets frquent Updates from SEGA with characters fom different games. So that's a big Plus.And it's hilarious in Multiplayer!
,Recommended,212480,762349,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,NEVERISM,Fantastic kart racer with excellent track design and a whole lot of SEGA fan-service!  Buy it!
,Recommended,212480,7966358,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,NAMTOOW,"#So♥♥♥♥ingBad but its amazing. please do buy, AND ♥♥♥♥ING GET NO MENU IS THAT A DLC??? BRO OH♥♥♥♥♥♥TIME TO GET THE YOGSCASTS DLC BUT I WONT BE ABNLE TO ACCES IT CUZ I HAS NO MENU"
,Recommended,212480,8484024,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sodan Tok,"9/10 - All the great heroes from SEGA games with few from outside gathered for this racing event to compete for awesomeness, memories and victory. On the ground, in the air or in water - the battle never stops, because this is not just racing. It’s racing transformed!Players with just keyboard and mouse will find battling with controls a little harder than with A.I. opponents, but eventually they get used to. All the tracks are set in beautiful worlds of SEGA games with classic soundtrack. Who likes Sonic, other heroes, old SEGA games or kart racing games will enjoy this game a lot."
,Recommended,212480,19976396,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Naxx40,"Tis is a great game! I like the part where you are Sonic, Sonic is cool :DAn ""Internet meme"" is a concept that spreads rapidly from person to person via the Internet, largely through Internet-based E-mailing, blogs, forums, imageboards like ♥♥♥♥♥, social networking sites like Facebook or Twitter, instant messaging, and video hosting services like YouTube.In 2013 Richard Dawkins characterized an Internet meme as one deliberately altered by human creativity, distinguished from Dawkins's original idea involving mutation by random change and a form of Darwinian selection."
,Recommended,212480,4801457,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Demadizzle,"If you liked Diddy Kong Racing and also a challenge; then this is a title to pick up. The level designs are unique and well made. The single player is difficult but not too difficult once you learn how to perform tricks, transformation boosts, and starting boosts. The multiplayer is fun also and items always add a new feel, making this game replay value high up there. 75% off is a perfect price. Tons of characters to play around with and lots of achievements to collect throughout."
,Recommended,212480,2825619,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Pingas™,"This is one of the best kart racers I've ever played. It's so much fun, especially when you play it with friends.The character roster and track selection is great, with an outstanding art style to go with each track. Power-ups are fun to use as well.Driving controls are rock solid, and I highly recommend you use an Xbox 360 controller, or any XInput compatible gamepad for the best gameplay experience.The PC version of this game even has exclusive characters that you won't find on the console versions.Overall, this is an excellent kart racing game that you and your buddies will enjoy playing. Pick this up now. You won't regret it one bit."
,Recommended,212480,7930948,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,PsychoAnt,"""no blue shell♥♥♥♥♥♥like Mario Kart."""
76561198161069012,Not Recommended,212480,29649036,Posted: 2 February,all,Superbro64,"+ Challenging, skill-based gameplay+ Co-operative multiplayer for all modes; this includes grand prix, and the mission-based campaign, for example (local split-screen or online)- No windowed mode/windowed mode doesn't work- The character models are the worst looking part of this game- Vehicle and environment hitboxes are all over the place- The boat transformation is very clearly the most poorly programmed part of this game- Control inputs will not register randomly- It is unclear what actually counts as a ""risk-boost""- Single-race perks/bonuses are tied to a RNG slot machine, instead of a ""shop"", or ""upgrade"" system- AI racers will be ""balanced"" to have the same speed as you. So if you're Sonic, with the ""super speed mod"" (the ony character with this modification), the AI will still go faster than you in a straight runaway, whether or not they are properly utilizing the boost mechanic- If you are in a online match with nearly empty lobby, the game won't put in bots to fill out the room; there is no option to fix this"
,Recommended,212480,7999407,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,BonkNit,I love this game it's like mario kart on drugs.
,Recommended,212480,10122600,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,SomeGuy,Hot damn this is like Mario Kart on PC. So pretty. 8/10
,Recommended,212480,10153697,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pedal,10/10 WOULD GO FAST AGAIN
,Recommended,212480,7933572,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Painkiller,"This game is great fun and probably the most fun I've had with a kart racer since Mario Kart DS. There's  a nice assortment of characters (maybe too much from Sonic), a lot of levels which are pretty much all fantastic (with mirror versions), and the controls are tight. While it's a kart racer, skill plays a large factor and items can only do so much when going up against skilled opponents. My main gripe is that there are some issues which can occur with collision on the tracks, specifically with regards to skyboxes, but these hardly detract from the overall experience and occur infrequently. The graphics are nice, the music is great, and the game just plays very well. This is a great game and I recommend this to anyone interested in racing games or with a love for Sega."
,Recommended,212480,10417456,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Ver󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,"Great game, has all the quirks a fast paced racing game needs, switching between cars > boats > planes only adds to this element.Recommended for all ages, doesn't really matter if you're an older or younger gamer, it's generally just a fun game to play with friends and online competitive, and it often times gets your heart racing when you're in the lead and trying to maintain the lead, at least online, this is a pretty good feeling."
76561197999790854,Recommended,212480,8459070,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,The Punisher,my pc is connected to my tv and i have 4 xbox 360 controllers and the game is just great!since i showed the game to my friends they want to come to me every night :)a great party game everyone just loves it...
76561198047866376,Recommended,212480,7932558,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,briman44,"I remember when Sonic ruled!!! Then Sega came out with Sonic pinball. Ok cool, but after that Sonic and Sega kinda took a dive and well I never really looked back. Kinda grew out of it. But them here we see Sonic again, And a ""try it you'll like it"" free week end. WTF why not I'll try it. This thing is Mad Fun. Sonic you got me again. Thanks old buddy"
,Recommended,212480,8518321,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,AL CAPPUCCINO,For the cost of a few beans you can be Sonic in a Kart! FU Mario!
,Recommended,212480,8451509,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Evolus Starsider,"Don't let the title character scare you off. This game is easily among the best mascot racing titles available, and holds its own next to the likes of Mario Kart. It's relatively easy to pick up but insanely difficult to master, and you'll sink many hours into getting just one more star. Not many games nowadays support couch multiplayer either, and this is one that does it elegantly and provides a very fun time in the process.With 42 possible tracks (20 normal, 20 mirrored and 2 bonus tracks), a truckload of characters (some specific to the PC release) and many goals and achievements to earn, you'll easily be at this one for a long time."
,Recommended,212480,8485425,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Stale Pasta,"Really fun game. The racing is fast paced, and exciting. Though I will say if your internet sucks, don't expect to enjoy playing with others. Your connections will keep you at the back of the race."
76561198002172534,Recommended,212480,7989988,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Hank The Shank!,"When I first saw Reddit singing songs of praise for Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed I was skeptical at best. After 21 hours of play time I can say the praise is well deserved.The carts are varied and customisable (leveling up the carts will eventually give you 7 stats mods variants to choose from). Boosting/power sliding is tight and responsive and tracks range from standard cart racing to a mixture land, sea and air which you switch between on the fly.With a roster of 29 characters, the option of 4 player local split screen and full controller support Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed really does hold its own in the cart racing genre."
,Recommended,212480,8030779,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Minkia_Mouse,"THIS LOOKS LIKE SONIC, BUT THIS IS THE SECRET SON OF OUT RUN COAST TO COAST AND F-ZERO.SO WONDERFUL!!!"
76561198060171427,Recommended,212480,8144923,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ohai2u,"must get, +rep, nice game"
,Recommended,212480,8011091,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,CrayonPop.Feat.BeginLv1,"Nice Racing Gaming,Love the Control And Boost~"
76561198079459900,Recommended,212480,8012222,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Optic Blast,to good
76561198069055259,Recommended,212480,7892497,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,themanonthemoon34,A wonderful fast paced racer  that takes a bit more skill than its Nintendo counterpart
,Recommended,212480,10754707,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,30,"IT HAS SONIC,  WRECK IT RALPH, DANICA PATRICK, SOME RUSSIAN IN A TANK, A SOCCER MANAGER, THE SHOGUN OF JAPAN, MONKIES, SOME GUY FROM THE INTERNET, TAILS, NICHOLAS CAGE, SHADOW THE HEDGEHOG, SHENMUE, SOME VIKING, DR ROBOTNIK, SHREK, PYRO, BIG THE CAT, A NINJA AND A BUNCH OF OTHER CHARACTERS FROM GAMES I NEVER PLAYED ALL IN THE SAME GAME 10/10"
,Recommended,212480,10498949,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Andreas,Just as good as Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,10757675,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Q A B O O S,"I guess i should start with being honest, i am bias towards racing games as they made up a great portion of my childhood gaming experience, having grown up with games like: Crash Team Racing, Gran Turismo, Mario Kart, Ridge Racer, Toy Story Racing, and so on; although often the crucible of frustration and anger but still very dear to me. After playing 'Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed' i can wholeheartedly say without a doubt that this racing games takes the cake as the most enjoyable for me. Naturally this is my own, personal opinion and i'm aware that others will disagree, but i think that this particular racing game is just brilliant; great characters, courses, stunts, boosts, challenges, soundtrack, online playability, you name it and it's here.Any racing lover needs to try this game, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,212480,10967069,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Smug Porky,Where is Billy Hatcher????
,Recommended,212480,442076,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Zero129,"Great game well worth the 24 euros to buy it.Has 4 Player local play and you can even play online with this one, great game since we will never get our own Mario Kart on PC this is the next best thing!"
,Recommended,212480,11297721,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,lizard spouse,"The frankly bizarre roster is likely to inspire a love or hate response, featuring distinctly non-iconic characters like Wreck-It Ralph, Football Manager and real-life driver Danica Patrick, but past that is a genuinely fantastic kart racer with a lot of care put into its design.I was intensely skeptical at first, but Sumo Digital have put together a genuine competitor to Mario Kart, and a distinctly less luck-based one at that. The branching track design and ""stackable"" boost system both contribute to making the game easy to pick up while also ensuring that victory in higher-level matches is very much a matter of skill.The game comes with a comprehensive host of local and online multiplayer options as well as a fairly substantial singleplayer campaign. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,10847481,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,[TT] Daikaiju,The best Mario Kart experience outside of a Nintendo system!
,Recommended,212480,10163797,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Jabu,"I must say this game is the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I love it already. That is all, if you dont liek dis♥♥♥♥♥u nurd."
,Recommended,212480,7801978,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Techno,"The Sequel to Sonic & All-Stars Racing, it has more characters, more tracks, and just more stuff to do. The only problem I have with this game is that its ♥♥♥♥ing hard to unlock all the characters unless you cheat with a trainer or something. And the AI is pretty ruthless but you can do it!"
,Recommended,212480,9415969,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,s.A.A.m City,So much better than the Wii U version in my opinion! :)
,Recommended,212480,7938059,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Arquin,"This game is brilliant. The item gameplay is not as good as in Mario Kart Wii IMO, but the tracks, turn choices and the Flight/Boat/Track changes more than make up for it. Music is pretty good, generic feel-good old-time console style. This brings me memories of fake nostalgia. I definitely recommend this at 8/10."
,Recommended,212480,6830149,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Prince Teclis,Cool game racing
,Recommended,212480,14045549,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,rocketfans14,"It's like playing Mario Kart on PC except there's so much more going on in the game! I really liked the idea of changing the course during a race. It adds a lot of excitement to it. One note though, I highly recommend playing this game with a controller."
,Recommended,212480,11251315,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,{(CoS)} Abaddon_HS,This is a really fun game to play. Especially when you are a streamer and want to play some games with your viewers and wanna relax and have fun.
,Recommended,212480,15840805,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,kittenm4ster,SANIC EXPOSEDHE ONLY FAST BECAUS HE HAS FAST CAR
,Recommended,212480,17220727,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,jrmswell,"This game is a solid addition to the ""Kart Racing"" genre. I put kart in quotes because there are no karts in this game. What there are instead are some pretty solid cars, planes and boats that all control and handle how they should do. In this game I never find myself annoyed at the game for how it plays, if something goes wrong usually it's my fault.I also like the difficulty in this game as well, it's not a ""cheap"" difficulty where you are bombarded with special items left right and centre, no. Oponents actually drive pretty well and don't seem to follow a set path but rather make decisions to throw you off.Is this game just another Mario Kart clone? Far from it, it's not even in the same league. I would play this over Mario Kart any day.The music, by English composer Richard Jaques, is pretty damn good. With remixes of some classic Sega tunes and some pretty good original compositions you really cannot go wrong with it. And yes, this is the same man that did the Catchphrase theme song (didn't go where you thought it would did you?)If I did have one complaint however (and this one works in MKs favour) the courses can be very long, almost too long so if you haven't got much time to play a game, this isn't the game for you.SectionOut of 10Graphics8Music8Gameplay9Total8.5"
,Recommended,212480,10104678,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,RicksterLPs,"good, glitchy but good"
,Recommended,212480,7823413,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,HedgehogRider,"The best racing game on Steam right now in my opinion. It has good characters from Sega, great courses, and amazing graphics! Not to mention that the DLC isn't too bad either. I mean, who wouldn't want to play as the Team Fortress classes or Metal Sonic!? Overall, Transformed is a lot better than the original and I recommend you pick it up if you're looking for a great racing game to play with your friends."
76561197999341541,Recommended,212480,7354457,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Guycot,Danica Patrick is my favorate video game character
,Recommended,212480,3098822,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,A Spooky Pumpo,"I'm going to get a lot of flack for this... but here goes. I think this game is better than Mario Kart. There, I said it. The items are far more balanced and the gameplay is a good mix of random and skill. Maybe it's because I grew up with a Genesis though. So much of this game hits me right in the nostalgias. Even if you don't agree with me about the Mario Kart crack you do have to admit that this is the best game of its type on PC."
,Recommended,212480,9323765,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,[ENRL] Mr. Hax,"This game is basically HD Mariokart on lots of different consoles. The graphics are good and everything, I recommend this."
,Recommended,212480,10390740,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,BOR XOR,"The best kart racer to be released in years. It's easy to pick up and play, but it's not dumbed down at the same time.It's full of tracks, characters, music, and has plenty of replay value.8/10"
,Recommended,212480,8001131,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Muy Mapache,"WHY WOULD YOU ADD YOGSCAST? I mean, this game is loads of fun and all and you should totally buy it, BUT WHY WOULD YOU ADD YOGSCAST? DOES ANYONE REMEMBER BILLY HATCHER? RYO? JACKY? SEGA?WHAT IS SEGA?"
,Recommended,212480,8531342,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,waffleking101,"Very surprised, good racing game. Gotta go fast."
76561198009041443,Recommended,212480,11843000,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,Advanced Directive Will,GET THIS GAME. NOW.
,Recommended,212480,10466459,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Vince Champ,git gud casul.i liked mario and sonic at the olympic zanzibar games because it took me back to when I was a child and constantly tried to drown myself in the bathtub to escape the empty void called my stepdad.
76561198049183525,Recommended,212480,8872962,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Let's go lass,"Fun, until you realise that some levels are unbeatable! Very mariokart-esq. Enjoyed best with two local players."
,Recommended,212480,10748124,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Dogman15,"The controls can be tricky at first, but this can be a fun casual game with amazing transformation animations and great looking race courses."
,Recommended,212480,5126163,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,doug,"Best cart racer I've played to date. So much fun playing in multiplayer and was for sure worth the money. No character is too OP, everything is nice in balance. Tons of attack items to pick up and races and the game runs smooth and beautiful at 60 fps.9/10I completely recommend this game."
,Recommended,212480,3725647,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Ana Ng,"Probably the most fun I've ever had racing. This game is so fast paced, I love it."
,Recommended,212480,5761502,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Baron Furious,Better than any plumber's racing game.  Get ths now!
76561198098088298,Recommended,212480,10202087,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,(GPFP) High In Protein,Worth every penny! mad fun to play.  buy it!
,Recommended,212480,7989440,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,(((ARFC))) Deez,Basically a new Mario Kart-esque that lets you race against friends and NPCs. Extensive single player campaign and lots of characters that can be unlocked by beating it. 5/10 (would be higher if the game music didn't deafen me everytime I launched it)
,Recommended,212480,7945429,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ⓜⓘⓚⓔ,great game hours of enjoyment
,Recommended,212480,8028692,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[ECHO4423],"♥♥♥♥ this game for not being a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥  it's fun and i like it a lot which is total ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and not what i signed up for.  i wanted a game i could hate on, not somthing i would enjoy playing."
,Recommended,212480,8029482,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,theironwaffles,"Fan of kart racers or arcade racing games? You'll like this game than, as it's both of those genres all wrapped up in a big beautiful package."
76561198024511574,Recommended,212480,7962734,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Woofer90,One of the Best Arcade Racing Games ever since Mario Kart. No regrets buying this game too much fun.
,Recommended,212480,7964351,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Rirse,"A fun game, but it's also very overrated as well. Levels range from good to horrible, usually depending on the gimmicks used. The game has a good size number of racers, with the obvious ones like the Sonic cast, ones that I am very happy that are in like Vyse from Sky of Arcarda (why isn't this on Steam!) and Beat & Gum (from Jet Set Radio), to the odd like the Soccer guy, to the bad like Danica Patrick. Powerups are really good and far better then some of the ones used in Mario Kart, as there are no blue turtle shells that punish the player being in first place.Only negatives I have besides issues listed above are the fact most racers are behind single player, which starts easy, but gets really unfun toward the end. I honestly do recommand this game, as it probably the best Kart racer. Just wish it had Waluigi in it, wah!"
,Recommended,212480,8135606,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Satanspy,"Insane kart racing action! The only place youre going to find a game from this genre on the PC that is this well done.  Online sometimes shows no players in the lobby though,so finding an online match can be spotty or dependant on the time of day youre playing."
,Recommended,212480,7964143,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Barkevio X,"Best kart game since Crash Team Racing. Goes on sale for 5-10 bucks on the regular so you really have no excuse.Pros:Looks greatSupports all kinds of controllers4 player splitscreen on pc(hell, anywhere) is kind of rare these daysLots of charactersCons:Not actually CTRIf you want to change your character after selecting a course you have to select a course again - more of an annoyance thingThe announcer's voice9/10"
,Recommended,212480,8123177,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Ramel,If you liked Revolt or Lego Racers you will definitely love this game.
,Recommended,212480,7749820,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Vegeta,Really nice race game to play with you friends :)
,Recommended,212480,7971042,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Beck Mckeon,"Brilliant game, would have to recommend getting the yogscast DLC if a fan. Playing as Simon it ace!"
,Recommended,212480,7969869,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SuicideKing,"Played it on the free weekend, seems a lot of fun, easy enough to play multiplayer, and we experienced no lag, so that's cool. I have a 512 Kbps connection, the host had a 4 Mbps connection. Very accessible game."
76561198043410452,Recommended,212480,7972284,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,tooru,This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥next level
,Recommended,212480,7966794,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Isaac ★,Better than Mario Kart.
76561198046423927,Recommended,212480,7974024,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DemonJacks,AWESOME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,212480,7783514,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Gamod,Much better than I expected. Really fun to play! Worth it.
,Recommended,212480,9048668,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Aveeque,"Everybody's Super Sonic Racing, Gotta keep your feet right on the ground.Because when you're Super Sonic Racing, there's no time to look around."
76561198067959524,Recommended,212480,6516766,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,DciSon,Cool game with diferent missions. And the best thing is online option for 4 players!))
76561198041246646,Recommended,212480,7957687,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,A/S,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,212480,4974530,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Zidane4289,This game is the closest we will ever get to any type of fun kart racing game on PC. Definate must buy!!!
,Recommended,212480,10104599,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,base9wario,Probably the best arcade racing game out; period.
76561198037943403,Recommended,212480,7945253,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Selendis,"fffffffergaberf, totally buying it, and stuffs, it's awesome and it's been a LONG time since I've had this much fun in a racing game!"
,Recommended,212480,527386,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Tchad-Like,Brilliantly themed race tracks and one of the best kart racers ever made:http://lonergamer.blogspot.com/2013/01/what-transformation.html
,Recommended,212480,10609887,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Karel,Leuk!
,Recommended,212480,10571999,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dacombe,Good
,Recommended,212480,10752470,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,AbsoluteWoo,One of the best kart-racing games I've ever played.
,Recommended,212480,12221431,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Lord Vandekieft,"Buy it, buy it now.If you like arcade racers, this is the best modern one. Its been out for  a couple years now, but is better than all the new stuff.  I got a WiiU for mariokart 8, and wow that was a waste. Sonic all stars racing transformed is so so much better. Longer game, more races, better maps, more and better game modes. and better characters. You can not alter the vehicles per racer, but that is not needed because the game is so faun already.   This is the best arcade racer since Mariokart Double dash.I highly HIGHLY recommend this.I have not played online, so I can not comment on that. But I have played 4 person local. and it is awesome.  We use 360 and Xbox one controllers.Also, a huge bug that we have. We have to run the application in compatibility mode or the game no longer starts. This is for all sonic games for me right now."
,Recommended,212480,4603964,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,DoubleARonM,BEST.
,Recommended,212480,8264186,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Grandma's Cutlery,An all-around fun racing game.
,Recommended,212480,3613083,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Daniel Griffiths,This game is AMAZING. Its actually better than Mario Kart.Mario Kart double dash was my favorite kart racer but this game might just take the cake. Its a great PC port too and it can run on very weak hardware despite being a fairly nice looking game.
,Recommended,212480,10598815,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,OxymoRonald,"A lot of fun, mario kart like game. Get some controllers and play with your friends"
76561197999406168,Recommended,212480,10568638,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,"Dommy, Everyone's Favourite","Secretly better than Mario Kart, don't tell Nintendo or we'll all be in big trouble(Segata Sanshiro DLC when?)"
,Recommended,212480,554651,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Niz,"For the people who are probably asking themselves ""Is this game better than Mario Kart?""I want you to imagine this...Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed walks into a Taco Bell with nothing but a $20 bill, and he ain't gonna leave until it's all gone. One steak quesadilla, four soft shell tacos, three 5-layer burritos, a bag of Doritos and a medium Mountain Dew Baja Blast later, our friend concludes his visit to the establishment and decides to pay another to his dear friend, Mario Kart. Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed knocks on the door, the sound nearly drowned out by the churning of his own stomach. Mario Kart answers the door. ""Hey, Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed, what's up?"", he asks inquisitively, wondering why his friend is visiting at such a peculiar hour unannounced. Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed replies ""Oh, not much, I was just in the area and-OH MY GOD, what is THAT!?"". Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed points in a general direction behind Mario Kart. Mario Kart turns to look at what could cause such a stir, but nothing is there. In this instant, Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed undoes his own belt, pulls down his pants and aims his♥♥♥♥♥towards his neighbor. Confused, Mario Kart's head turns back to it's default position to discover his friends exposed, crowning ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ staring directly into his eyes. Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed proceeds to blow a violent fiesta of watery♥♥♥♥♥♥chunks all over Mario Kart's stupid, fat ♥♥♥♥ing face, staining it forever brown.That's how much better this game is than Mario Kart.EDIT: I wrote this review before Mario Kart 8. MK8 is pretty much just as good."
,Recommended,212480,3139646,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Dmcybe,this is a pretty fun game it reminds me of mario kart/diddy kong racing all in one.
76561198086346881,Recommended,212480,21782423,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,ARKTIC WALRUS,why is danica patrick in this game
,Recommended,212480,19444079,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,GloriousChicken,Pros :-Inner Child Glorified.Cons :-Addicting
,Recommended,212480,19044539,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,HuleoTheHedgedog,I played this game on 3ds and it was buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥and ♥♥♥♥ing sucked.I've now played it here and on 360 and it's absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing glorious.
,Recommended,212480,20212948,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,EternalRocket,"Bought it at steam winter sale 2015, and it's totally worth itThe main reason I recommend this game is because this game is not luck-based racing game, I also didn't find any weapon nor vehicles which is overpowered. Bots are given same advantages as us that made the game balanced.You can also find unique race tracks that some of them are changed in every lap, that made tracks in this games are different compared to the other racing games.It's also enjoyable to play it with keyboardThat's all and hope this review help you"
,Recommended,212480,20709922,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,{IGH}CarlPoppa,danica patrick all stars racing 10/10 lol1
,Recommended,212480,20135825,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,[P] Reck,"Good game. Love the Steam additions like TF2 and General Winter. Allthough. I still have trouble finding Online races. I cri everytime. I wanna smash people with Metal sonic, then laugh in their faces for not having the Metal Sonic DLC, Only to find out they do and report me for being a jackass trying to show off. Actually. I'm glad that its hard to find a multiplayer game now."
76561198199543307,Recommended,212480,20121515,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,blessedsociety,I was kinda iffy with this game but it's like Mario cart on steroids I love it
,Recommended,212480,20283082,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Cpt Warisarcy,"A hell of a lot better than any Mario Kart game. The weapons/items are great (and no blue shells), the variety between the driving, the boating, and the flying is great (not to mention each of them handle beautifully), the graphics are fantastic, and...must I say the most important part? SONIC! A definite recommendation from me and a must have for any Sonic fan."
76561198000129683,Recommended,212480,20151340,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Guppycur,"If you like Mario Karts, but don't like the hassle of finding your wii controllers, and LOVE the idea of playing multiplayer with your friendson your very own screen, then this is the game for you.One thing I will say, is that it does not like weird monitor resolutions; I have a 27"" UltraWide monitor (2560x1080) and you won't even get to the menu, so I have to run the game in a more ""traditional"" resolution, but that's fine by me.On a positive note, my biggest problem with MK was that I never really knew where to go, but this game not only has MUCH larger indicators of upcoming turns but it also has brightly lit power-ups so you can see them ahead of time and plan your route accordingly.The inability to skip after-race-stats annoys me (I've been known to break things over inescapable cut-scenes) but I still had a blast with my daughter playing.So, plug in your spare 360 controller, load up and invite a friend. :)"
76561198252823146,Recommended,212480,21257979,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,EndorfinRiot,Review just for achievement ;P
,Recommended,212480,21318163,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,GarthVaedur,"Used to play sonic and sega all stars on my ds, this was a big step up."
,Recommended,212480,20803455,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,NKraz,Sonic gets into a car that is slower than he is.10/10
,Recommended,212480,21267655,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,carsondh,This is a much more fun version of a game like mario kart.  AND it has split screen which is great if you have extra controllers or keyboards.  really fun!
,Recommended,212480,20991466,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Dr. Braun,"This game has everything: Cars, boats and airplanes, a fun multiplayer mode (online & offline on one computer) and an even better single player modus. The gameplay is balanced and fun, there's no rubberbanding for bad drivers and the single player campaign offers long-term motivation, because there's 240 starts to earn.Honestly the best racing game I have ever played (alongside NFSU 2 maybe)."
,Recommended,212480,17611461,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,buglord,The only kart racer I really liked was Crash Team Racing for PS1. No game has scratched that itch until this one. It's a blast with amazing attention to detail and a ton of complexity below the surface.
76561198088591268,Recommended,212480,20699045,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,AlohaSnackbar,is multiplayer still up?
,Recommended,212480,30019626,Posted: 18 February,all,BergOcean,"Amazing game, so much fun."
,Recommended,212480,24617378,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Neintendew,"This game is plainly awesome. It haves awesome characters Old-time Sega fans, Hardcore Sega fans, and even PC gamers can, and will recognize.It haves awesome, memorable soundtrack that's respective to the game the track is from.And the exclusive PC characters makes the game yet more fun. The game controls very well, and it's quite addictive and challenging.The game does have some bugs and glitches, but they're not game breaking; like for the WiiU, that NiGHTS is totally unplayable, and almost every Sonic character (Except for Eggman) crashes in Carrier Zone. (This doesn't happen on PC).Also playing Online is kindof a pain because you barely find anyone online, and when you do they're players who cheat the entire race and you barely catch up to them even with the Super Speed mod. So it's better to play with friends.But all and all, this is a must have game. I've had more fun with this game alone than with Mario Kart Double Dash, 7, & 8 together.You should really get this game. It's an underapretiated Sega gem."
,Recommended,212480,25633162,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Njskill,Great looking visuals. Fun and addictive gameplay. Recommended!
,Recommended,212480,30122552,Posted: 23 February,all,C11H15NO2,"Basically Mario Kart for PC with Sega, DIsney, etc.. characters, little bit better quality and some extra game modes.Really fun to play if you like games like Mario Kart.A really nice feature is that you can play four player splitscreen online with even more people/friends."
76561198047008556,Recommended,212480,5253298,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,susluv,DA BEST CART RACER EVAHHHH!
,Recommended,212480,13992289,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,name jeff,"Met the director at Sumo Digital that made this game along with the ""OutRun"" series. He's a genuinely funny guy and this game is great. The voiceover for menu's is a little annoying but I can see that this game is aimed at younger people who won't think twice about it. Not the best PC controls but this works amazingly well with an Xbox 360 Controller."
76561198051084625,Recommended,212480,14290911,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Elvis,This has to be the best racing game on steam. Mario Kart .50
76561198060879551,Recommended,212480,14239398,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,哥只是傳說™,"The game is great and recalled my childhood. All I want to say is buy this game with your friend, play together to fully enjoy the game. The game is fun as level up to unlock different mode of each character that probably best suit your favour driving skill."
76561197996442496,Recommended,212480,7932022,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Don Charlito,Amazing Kart Racing game and a must buy for PC! As good as the Mario Kart series if not better. I recommend playing with an Xbox 360 controller.
76561198091266116,Recommended,212480,13362459,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Ploiks,"This is a great game with a lot of variety. There's always a new character to play, and a new way to play the tracks. Simply awesome. 5/5"
,Recommended,212480,7938413,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,The Emilios,"Epic, Derpy.The EntMuwwfin"
,Recommended,212480,14992939,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,OnTheWeb,"One giant love letter to SEGA's IPs. The racing in this game is good, I found myself crying.(WTF is Yogcast?)"
,Recommended,212480,8708940,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Phite,p fun
,Recommended,212480,4126926,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Berryblast,"Not your typical racer.  It's ""EFIN SEGA & ALL STARS"" ALLRIGHT!!  And yes it's got the Daytona USA Car!!!"
,Recommended,212480,19470796,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Gamma Lyrae,"Much better single player experience than any kart racer out there. A bit late to get into the multiplayer side of things, unless you can convince a couple of friends to go in with you though."
76561198086936517,Recommended,212480,19644335,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,bonashi2,"good games, cars are fast and more intresting game overall."
,Recommended,212480,20927022,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,SamanBigBoiWah,"""Why the hell am I in a car?""and that's why Sonic Drift sucks."
,Recommended,212480,11076120,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,HiJ.Shuroku,"Very fun racing game, reminds me of Mario Kart in a very good way. Recommend if you like the mario kart styled racing games"
76561197998632425,Recommended,212480,30073040,Posted: 20 February,all,PICKLE RICK (BNTA),"Writing this review at 4.5 hours played.the game is a highly addictive and will honestley suck your life away but who cares? its Segas version of mario kart and my god it works so well.Id recomend purchasing this on a sale though as i believe £14.99 is kinda overkill for a game thats been out 4 years now.if youre looking for a game to kill time but also want to have fun while doing so, well this is the game for you!"
,Recommended,212480,11706020,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Little Sparrow,"A colorful cart racer with lots of tracks and challenges.  The tracks are beautiful, elaborate, and varied.  The fact that you race with carts, boats, and planes is a lot of fun too."
,Recommended,212480,10096440,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,MrZeebub,"Oh my god, buy this game.  It's the first thing Sega has done correctly in YEARS.  Truly a brilliant game design.  Incredibly fun game.  Multiplayer that supports more than 4 people means that ALL my friends can play this one."
,Recommended,212480,19986297,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Vex,Absolutely brilliant game to play with your family in split screen and your friends online. 11/10 :D Buying a copy for the Mrs right now!
,Recommended,212480,18029674,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,The Sun Bro,"This game was a relief for me. I don’t know why I bought it, I got it on a sale, just because it was cheap. And WOW, what a surprise! It’s fun! Simple as that. The levels are awesome and there are very well designed. My favorite one is the “After Burn Stage”, a Nascar like track with the three different vehicles.You also have some sort of customization, for hardcore gaming. Full Speed with low handling. You can play this game with the whole family with a Mario party feel, and also do some hardcore time attacking by yourself.It’s an excellent game that I would recommend buying at its full price with all the DLCs. It’s not an AAA game, but its simplistic fun and awesome gameplay captivated me.Pros:Fun – Simple as that.Excellent GraphicsOptimized for PC GamingNostalgic Stages – You will feel your childhood coming back by visiting those classic stagesDynamic and well-designed levels.Con:The game is not keyboard friendly – I recommend you using a controllerItems – If you like racing games, be aware that it has the same “issues” as every “kart” racing game."
76561198002516509,Recommended,212480,7935605,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mercury,"An amazing throwback to console racing. Don't let the 75% sales fool you, it's a full game and it's great."
,Recommended,212480,21890460,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Campanella,"It's like Mario Kart, but better and fair."
76561197996375595,Recommended,212480,21882205,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Tushy,"*Amazing game for the price! If you're looking for a PC mario kart style gameplay, this is it, except it's much better. I've had a tough time with the -Arrow Key Controls- during the flight portion of racing. I think if I bought a Steam Controller it would be much easier to control. Other than that, the gameplay is perfect. I love the competition in races. The fact that you can race on multiple environments (Ground, Water, Sky) makes it next-level when comparing it to most Kart-Racing Games.-Rate 10/10-Purchased on SEGA steamsale, was $5 then, it's $20 now. I would consider it worth it to buy at regular price. If you can catch another steamsale. It's a must grab at $5."
,Recommended,212480,7961365,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,bashdash4,"Really intense, super fast racing. This game is faster than an F1 car on steroids! Especially on the hard mode and online, things get HECTIC! I can't believe I'm sayin' this, and this is coming from the most hardcore Mario fan out there, but I won't be sad if I miss out on Mario Kart 8!UPDATE: I have received Mario Kart 8 and though it was better as predicted, specifically in terms of tracks, car customization/mods, and graphics(gameplay is subjective), SAASRT is still extremely fun and it was a good game to play while waiting for MK8."
,Recommended,212480,7941452,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Lolagonable,"Robbie, you should buy it"
,Recommended,212480,7907908,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Animatic,"This is a surprisingly fun game. I'm not the biggest fan of kart racing games, or even Sonic games past the Genesis era, but this is a very enjoyable game."
,Recommended,212480,7927921,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,CrX,best kart game out there
,Recommended,212480,3767555,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,ddog510,"Simply the only viable choice if you want to play a kart racer on the PC. In my opinion, it is much better than any Mario Kart. The drifting mechanics feel amazing, the AI is actually challenging on the highest difficulty, the maps are dynamic and change every lap, and there is tons of single player content (campaign, world cups, time trials with ghosts, unlockables...). Must buy."
,Recommended,212480,7813279,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Zeik,Totally worth it for Mario Kart fans. If you're a fan of the Mario Kart games you'll love this game and may even like it more. It's the closest experience you'll get to the MK series on PC and in some cases is even better. The A.I is challenging and fair (no rubber-banding) and it has a lot classic Sega stages fans will enjoy. It's a must buy for those who enjoy cart racers.
,Recommended,212480,7934475,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Chalupa,"awesome, even if I get last place everytime"
,Recommended,212480,7953423,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AlunK,"This game is so much fun!For all people out there who enjoyed playing Mario Kart or Diddy Kong Racing, this is a game for you!Various Game modes, cool car mods and some really crazy tracks!"
,Recommended,212480,7875843,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Tenant,"for those that want to go fast, go fast and get this game fastlyfast pros:fastcharacters are here and faststages go fastless fasts:too fastall in all, it's a fast/10"
,Recommended,212480,7953390,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,vbalbio,"That's the ultimate cartoon racer game! . Gorgeous graphics, huge experience with a 3D TV and Tridef, smooth and responsive gameplay, many modes of games... That's obvious have inspirations in mário kart but is not a copy, it's extend and fix many design problems in the original serie, it's much more balanced and hardcore in high levels. Play online with your friends is very fun and competitive.If you like mario kart, or any cartoon racer garme you need this!"
,Recommended,212480,30128297,Posted: 23 February,all,Buzzard,"When it comes to kart racers, this game is among the best. In a time where 4-player local multiplayer games are few and far between (especially on PC), this game really is a stand-out. If you're a fan of Mario Kart or Diddy Kong Racing, you will love this game.Pros:-Controls are fluid and responsive, and landing the perfect drift feels very satisfying.-Graphics are very nice, though not spectacular. Tracks, characters and vehicles are colourful and vibrant.-Great variety when it comes to tracks, characters and gameplay modes. 100% completion will keep you busy for days.-4-player splitscreen, with the game allowing for the use of nearly any USB controller (we even use N64 controllers)!Cons:-Some races are VERY hard on higher difficulty, to the point of feeling cheap. Pretty sure the bots cheat.-No option to disable bots or items in any mode, despite the first game in the series having these options.-Occasional weird collision physics with terrain in some tracks."
,Recommended,212480,28026108,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,DuXtin,"I am not even close to getting bored with this game. The multiplayer is so much fun, and the matchmaking works really fine in 2016!"
76561198211168877,Recommended,212480,30055126,Posted: 20 February,all,Rynodragon,so much fun
,Recommended,212480,30015246,Posted: 18 February,all,SEE MEE (ง'̀-'́)ง,best gameits soo much fun to play with friends
76561198287411028,Recommended,212480,23055222,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Pwinbo,"I bought this on Xbox 360 in 2012, played until my fingers bled. Loved it. Bought it for Wii U in 2013, played until my fingers bled. Loved it. Bought it for PC this year, played it until my fingers bled. Loved it.10/10 would bleed again"
,Recommended,212480,30019581,Posted: 18 February,all,|}:')-|-<--,Do you like mario kart?  Then you will enjoy this game!
,Recommended,212480,24570420,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,TrueWOPR,Better version of Mario Kart.Don't even pretend you havn't played that.
76561197960722202,Recommended,212480,10922038,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,<*)))><arisnaub,"Seriøst ett jævla lættis spill, liker du racing spill av den gamle skolen ? Liker du Mario kart mixet med Sega ? Da er dette spillet for deg, kjøp!"
,Recommended,212480,27065431,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,HG | isaac,"I used to play the demo at gamestop back in the day and was shocked how fun it was. After a few months later I picked it up and was  blown away, just how much they really put in this game. Cause I'm a die hard mario kart fan to the core.  No ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t the whole racing kart's design and level design are really beautiful. When the stage transformes to land then sea is really smooth. REally great game. Pick it up and start those engines"
,Recommended,212480,7945700,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Pepsi_Feyxo,"Awesome game, very very fun and nostalgic with the themes of games, example Sonic R from Sega Saturn *-* or OutRun and After Burner from 90's Arcades."
,Recommended,212480,15794564,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,digmouse,The best non-Mario Kart racer you'll find. And it's even better than some of the Mario Karts.
,Recommended,212480,7946829,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,bakamono,"It's the best Mario Kart in a long time. Super fast. NO BLUE SHELLS.where's miku, sega? where is she?"
,Recommended,212480,8467337,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Exelion AI,Just do it
,Recommended,212480,8021054,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,zark,"A fantastic game that takes everything you love about every Kart Racing game you've ever played and balls it up in a entertaining, challenging, and beautiful mess of color and adrenaline. 10/10 recommended."
,Recommended,212480,1713391,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Enclave Soldier,For an arcade racing game. This game is pretty neat plus its jamed pack with stuff to keep occupied.
,Recommended,212480,7980116,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,_joe_,Best Cart Game on PC!
,Recommended,212480,1845808,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,Xythe,It's like if Mario Kart was more fun to play and didn't have blue shells just BLUE BLURS COME ON STEP IT UP
,Recommended,212480,494877,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,botlite,"Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed is fantastic. It looks great, runs well, is full of charm and it puts a smile on your face while you play. Even if you're not into racing or karting games I really think you should pick it up. I avoided picking it up for a while as I am not into Sonic games or their characters but I have to say that it's one of the best purchases I've made in a while. Buy it!"
,Recommended,212480,18325391,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,modz88,Reminds me of Crash Team Racing but with deeper gameplay. Fun to play with friends. let's race.
,Recommended,212480,8210167,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,RedToad64,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is THE kart racing game on PC. The great single-player campaign, tons of online game modes and options, split-screen multiplayer, plus classic SEGA characters and tracks add to the fact that this is the best kart racer that isn't Mario Kart. Sure, there are some odd non-SEGA characters, and no custom music selection like the first game, but every party needs a little bit more racing transformed with the help of SEGA."
76561198002958481,Recommended,212480,23249599,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Loco,best game
76561197961124823,Recommended,212480,7576470,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,MadderMax,"An excellent, high speed and challenging Console style racing game where the Cars can transform into Boats & Planes while racing. Plenty of different power-ups and deployable weapons are available as pickups during a race and can help give you an edge over the other drivers. Featuring around 27 characters each with their own unique vehicle and stats. Unlock new tracks & characters as you play the game by earning star medals. A Joypad is recommended for this game !"
76561197960412512,Recommended,212480,8187021,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Siorex,Great game.
,Recommended,212480,21041329,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Kanzuto,Recomended for who like play crash ctr before.Recomended for who wants play with friends in local co-op.VERY ADDICTING RACING GAME
76561198235082716,Recommended,212480,29782732,Posted: 8 February,all,Tal476,i have gamepad and i dont know how use start boost who can help me?
76561198066542772,Recommended,212480,6448198,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,Jumus,Best Multiplayer fun in years and yes its better than Mario Kart 7. Dont be fooled by its cover; its roster and maps arent just  a big sonic orgy. Its a love letter to all things Sega packed with beatifully themed maps and very fun and varied charcters ranging from Jet Set Radio to Shogun Total War. The powerups feel balanced enough so its not too fustrating just Buy It! It reminds you why you loved racing games so much as a kid
76561198051433464,Recommended,212480,5532365,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,(Angry garbling squid noises),"I don't know who'd not buy the game. It's amazing. And of course, has Sonic and all of your favorite characters!GENERAL:Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed gives you 3 ways to play; alone, with people from all around the world, and at private party. And there's even more ways to play when you play solo. Giving you alot of hours to play for your amusement!CONTENT:You got 30+ characters in this platform. Yes, 30 characters, including the DLC and the unlockable characters from your favorite titles: Sonic, Super Monkey Ball, and so much more! And you can play with them on over 40 tracks. That's alot of combinations there. And it dosen't stop there, you get 5 gamemodes to play with, the combinations are HUGE here.GAMEPLAY:The gameplay is divine. It's like SEGA learned from it's mistakes from SEGA All Stars Racing ancestor and remade it into a more original creation. It's nothing like Mario Kart at all, where you must get OP items to win. If you play alone, you can progress through the game, collect and upgrade your characters! And some singleplayer portions are difficult. It's mechanics are also great. Don't like playing alone? Play online and show the world what you're made of!WEAKNESSES AND CONCERNS:There are problems with this game though, no matter how good it is. First being is that to win, you have to rely on one mechanic: Powerful boostings at a rapid rate. You'll never have a decent Time Attack record without a powerful character. I.E. Shadow with Dreamcast mod is one of them. But if you're skilled, you shouldn't have alot of problems with that.Another concern about this is the server. Though the community is friendly, the servers you're gonna play in, will never be. As you're mixed with these new guys, and real MLG players, and some of them may have bad connection, causing an unbearable amount of crashing into walls and such. Even MLG players suffer from that.Yet another concern is the aftermath, and I mean what happens now when you beat the game, although I like this game, I, at one point, abandoned it because of how usual it is. But I returned to it in a few months after.One of my worries are also being about the tracks, although there's 42 tracks at most, the other 21 is  just mirrored.Last one is about one of the mechanics: The Casino. Chances are in a race, you could get a crappy thing, but a really good one is actually rare. I.E. The useless Nitro is often, but the best ones, like Titanium Frame or Stunt Nitro is almost impossible.FINAL THOUGHTS:To be honest, I love the game, it has alot of potential. But I wish that the developers could realise it. But then again, they might be working on something that could beat this. You should get it at full price, but if you take the problems seriously, then maybe at 20-40% off. I give it a 8.9/10"
,Recommended,212480,7789477,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Zirton,Best Kart Racer i've played in years
,Recommended,212480,12392011,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Neleor,"Very fun Mario-kart style racing game.The game closest resembles Mario Kart, but is somewhat more difficult. The karts change shape as they enter either road, sky or water and somewhat control differently as well. Slightly harder than Mario Kart, but still pick-up-and-play as soon as you learn how to drift.Has grand prix and a campaign mode. In the campaign you earn stars to unlock new characters and car mods. Using characters earns them XP to also unlock mods for their cars.Includes up to four player split screen local multiplayer and also contains a online multiplayer.Has only presets to configure the graphic options, but still looks very good on ""High""."
,Recommended,212480,12387744,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,GamerZero1,Best racing maybe
,Recommended,212480,12425044,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Codename Meat-Shield,"Great game. takes a while to get used to controls but amazing fun once you do. great to play with friends both online and local, easy to get competative :)"
,Recommended,212480,12393570,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,"This is the greatest racing game I've ever played. MK8 might give it a run for it's money, but that isn't on PC. This is every great part of Mario Kart and Diddy Kong Racing. Who cares if you don't know the characters? The levels are a blast!"
,Recommended,212480,10343640,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Avatar-Ryker,"What is there to not love about this game? The graphics are stunning, the desgins are beautiful, you get to play as your favorite PC  game characters, the mechanics are awesome too! What are you wait for? Do your self a favor and buy this game! Super Sonic/10"
,Recommended,212480,10533193,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ggggggghkklooop,This is by far my favorite racing game. I used to be inlove with all the Mario Karts but this is so much better.
,Recommended,212480,10774588,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zephiles,Best racing game I have ever played. Enough said.
,Recommended,212480,8132283,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,KiwiMedic,"Absoultely amazing. I'll do a proper review at some point. Just trying to get a badge. Cheerio. Seriously though, if you do not have this game, get it. You will not regret your purchase."
76561198091016047,Recommended,212480,7939342,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Çikolatalı Salep,İSTİYORUM!! VE ALICAM!!!
,Recommended,212480,8002990,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,ioquatix,"This is an awesome racing game. It isn't totally realistic, but it requires a lot of skill. Learning to control the drift is essential. The level design is excellent and the different game modes make the ""story mode"" a lot of fun. Works very well with Xbox360 controllers, and multiplayer is really fun with up to 4 people split screen."
76561198066876931,Recommended,212480,7976359,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Space Avenger,Mario Kart exept its sonic and its got TF2 charachters whitch is prety awesome
76561198012716020,Recommended,212480,7966323,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,VbEnthusiast,"OH MY GOD, IT IS SO BAD, BUT SO GOOD"
,Recommended,212480,7968164,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Teska,"It is like the Mario Kart of the PC, only much more wild. So addicting!"
,Recommended,212480,9073298,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Harbin Barbin,"It's pretty much a Mariokart/Diddykong Racing clone with Sonic and Danica Patrick for some reason. It is, however, super fun and has 4 player local co-op. I recommend it."
,Recommended,212480,1240905,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,TroubleWeen,"Loved the first game. It was my fav kart racer since Mario Kart 64. This one is even better. Adding in water craft and flight in the races brings in a little of that Diddy Kong Racing feel. Is this game a rip off of two franchises now? Sure, but its doing a superb job at it."
,Recommended,212480,7935148,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,NightBlader,"Quick, think of Mario Kart 7! Now replace Hang gliding with Jets and underwater with Boats. Now make it Sega themed. Put it on PC, and you got this game.It's a Mario Kart clone, like most cartoony racers, but it's actually an example of matching, if not surpassing, what it's cloning.Both the Jet and Boat control like you expect, and control well. The action is as fast as your skills allow. To get through the races, you need to master the 3 controls.As for the items, they are much more fair. Most notably, the ""get the leader"" item. In Mario Kart, there's the infamous Blue Shell. Don't pretend that it doesn't♥♥♥♥♥♥people off. Everyone talks about how the Blue Shell will home in at the leader, and ruin their winning streak. In this game, you have the swarm. A bunch of bees (or wasps, whatever), go in front of the leader. They can either dodge the swarm and keep going, or get hit and possibly lag behind. It can also get other players, but the major thing is, it can never hit the player who sent the swarm, so if they're right behind the leader, they don't screw themselves over. This may seem simple, but it's one example of balance. This makes things more fair.The tracks are truly eye candy and even change as players go through the tracks. Usually by lap 3. the course changes to a new transformation. This helps keeps things fresh within the same course.The characters are what you expect, Sonic and Sega. But the real catcher are characters like Wreck-It Ralph and TF2. The mix of characters in this game are really fun, and you have motivation to get the unlockables like Beat and NiGHTS.If there's anything to say about the AI, is that they will KICK YOUR♥♥♥♥♥ They don't screw around, and if you're not good at racers, you won't 100% this game. But when you start to get good, it's feels nice to feel rewarded with wins against the extremely tough AI.As for online, I don't use it much. But I hear there's lag, but it can be playable.If you're a Sega fan, get it. If you're a racing fan, get it. If you're both, GET IT! Even if it's not PC, get it on Wii U, PS3 (which is what I own), 360, Vita. It's a solid game. Altough I hear the 3DS version isn't the best."
,Recommended,212480,7942130,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,LionsPhil,"Want to see your graphics card do colours other than brown? Buy this game.Like kart racers? I'm pretty sure this is kart racer out of kart racer. It's not my genre of choice but once into the drifting, power-up-hogging groove it's good fun, with the usual random ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ry of your competitors being balanced by your own opportunities and being able to mitigate many of the ""unlucky"" breaks with skill.It's a bit of a shame that they went to the effort of licensing, designing, modelling, texturing and voicing the bonus PC characters, to stop short of giving them transform animations and just use obscuring effects instead. The launcher where you set up keyboard controls is buggy and unpleasant. Neither of these things will cross your mind while charging through Adder's Lair to its outstanding soundtrack, or watching Rogue's Landing fall apart around you as an airship battle rages, or trying to corner through Burning Depths as a voice-in-your-ear operator warns you about the flooding track's changing routes. The game is made of bright, cheery, awesome."
,Recommended,212480,7943085,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Guderian,"Decent graphics, well executed transformation mechanic, and well balanced control system (I recommend playing it with a 360/PS3 controller).  Some of the characters are probably better known in Japan or among otaku/old school Jgamers, but overall there's a diverse, entertaining cast.  And in a first for console racers like this, we get some PC characters--Shogun from Total War, three from Team Fortress (one for each transformation), and a Roman general, also from Total War.  All with appropriately funny phrases.  For this PC gamer, it was a welcome surprise.  The tracks are also well done and stand out from each other--real effort was put into this.Lastly, this game gets very challenging very quickly as you increase the difficulty.  I mean HARD, like you-will-need-to-practice-forever in order to beat the toughest setting, which you can't unlock until 2/3 of the way through the game anyway.  Kudos to the devs for making a game that spans from casual to hardcore."
,Recommended,212480,8767570,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Dylan,The drifting while driving feels so good it makes up for the unpaid weekend employment that is the boating and flying.
,Recommended,212480,8491385,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Not a Werewolf,"[h] Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed: Surprisingly Good [/h]Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (hereafter referred to as Sonic Racing), is a very weel designed kart racing game. It takes aspects from games like Mario Kart and improves on them, and is arguably better than Mario Kart. Althoug it's not a perfect port, it is still a nice game.Pros:-One of few kart racers for PC, with splitscreen-Racing is smooth and well-designed-A whole bunch of characters from all over the place-Plays moderatly well with a keyboard-Plays great with controllerCons:-Some issues with the port (lag during loadtimes, took some tweaking to get it working on a tv)-Connecting additional controllers took a bit of workAll in all, I think Sonic Racing is a fun party game to throw on if you have some controllers and some friends.9/10"
,Recommended,212480,8010712,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,RavennPrince,Like Mario Cart but better :D
,Recommended,212480,1815265,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Eqo,"This game is immensely entertaining. It's similar to Mario Kart, but as you level up the characters you unlock a lot of mods for your transforming vehicles to really customize how they handle. Using certain characters with certain mods gives strong advantages depending on which game mode and which map you're racing on. There's a lot of variety in the weapons, and you can use each in multiple ways. Game modes include typical kart racing with weapons, kart racing with no weapons, versus, sprint, drift challenge, boost challenge, ring race, battle royale deathmatch, and one where you have to blow up a giant tank without taking damage from fireballs and other obstacles. It's crazy.You start with a wide variety of characters and unlock many more as you play. Sega also adds new characters in updates pretty often. There are characters from Sonic games, Company of Heroes, Crazy Taxi, Football Manager, Nights into Dreams, Skies of Arcadia, Space Channel 5, Super Monkey Ball, Team Fortress 2, Total War, Wreck-It Ralph, and more. It's actually rather absurd how many different characters and vehicles there are!C class matches are a great way to learn the maps and controls. To win B class matches you need to start drifting. A class and Expert matches require a lot of fast thinking as you chain drifts with boosts and get to the shortcut routes. A class matches are very challenging for me.The online multiplayer community is full of dedicated, skilled Sonic fans, so even today there is no problem finding intense matches."
,Recommended,212480,14686685,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,ChronicHedgehog,"Imagine if Mario Kart was based off AND matched the pedigree of SEGA arcade racers and was full of Service Games characters like Sonic and Alex Kidd, because that's EXACTLY what we have here.Don't be a fool and sleep on this game like I did. I thought there was no way it could good, and boy, was I ever wrong. Sumo Digital has done an amazing job and any old-school SEGA fan will appreciate it.My only complaint's with the collision physics; sometimes you'll crash into a wall or an object and your kart will SLOWLLLLLLY float before becoming usable again and this will cost you the race. It's infuriating, but not enough to keep this game from classic status."
,Recommended,212480,14769772,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Mellow,One of the Best Mario Kart like PC racing games to play with your friends. If you have trouble beating a track you can get you friends to help you unlock new content. There is 4 player co-op split screen.Keyboard needs some practice if you dno't have controller. Controller is not recommended as keyboard isn't as painful as it seem to be when your use to playing that way. Unless you want to play split screen with your friends then by all means buy some controllers.This game is also great for kids and it isn't a crappy console port to PC as it has PC settings.
,Recommended,212480,2780195,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,yelling,The excellent follow up to the critically acclaimed 'Sanic R'. Glitches only occur if you go 2 fast
,Recommended,212480,10948779,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Knightmare,"I didn't think this game would deliver, but as a big fan of both, Mario Kart, and Sega, I bought it mostly to see some of my favorite characters again, but son, this game really does deliver! Gameplay is brilliant, graphics are top notch, textures are sharp & crisp, and you really can't get board of the transformations! Great tracks, and a lot of characters to unlock & level up.I ended up buying 4 copies of it to play with my friends."
,Recommended,212480,24955646,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,RichardPlaysStuff,"I gave this game an unfair shake when I first played it as I thought it controlled weird and I didn't care for a fair amount of the characters and the ones I do care about didn't make the cut (Ristar, Streets of Rage characters, Alien Storm characters etc) but I went back again recently and I apologise for dismissing it so quickly.This game is really damn good, better than some Mario Karts I would say. It has more than enough to hold you over regarding single player content. There's your typical grand prix cups and single races but you also have an ""adventure"" mode where you do different challenges to unlock different things. Some people might not like this and would prefer everything unlocked from the start but this does give you more incentive to play. There's also local multiplayer (which I haven't tried) and online which runs very well. This game is about 3 years old and people are still playing. I'm managing to get into full lobbies.In regards to the port job, this is a port of the 360 version as always but with graphics options and it also runs really well. Some would say this is the best way to play it (much like Gens PC)The only complaints I have are this game did not want to recognise my XB1 controller until I reinstalled the game (you can also use a program called x360ce but it's incredibly fiddly) which is weird as it worked the first time with the controller and again, I personally can't care for many of the characters (The only ones I like are Sonic characters, JSR characters and BD Joe from Crazy Taxi) but that's entirely subjective.If you want a solid, fun kart racer and have no intention of buying a Nintendo console or dusting off a PS1 for CTR, this is easily a great alternative and in some cases, a better one."
,Recommended,212480,7970088,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,mirta000,"Don't expect realism. If all you wanted was a better, bigger version of Mario Kart, where you can derp with your friends, you're going to love this. I do :)"
76561197973335120,Recommended,212480,24700954,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Name,The best Kart racer this side of the Wii U.
,Recommended,212480,2351526,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,Riquerico,"Without a doubt, Sonic ASRT is the best kart racer to date. Balanced itens, an extensive campaign, excellent tracks, many customizable characters, lots of cups and difficulty modes are some of the great things it has to offer."
,Recommended,212480,8220837,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kevindary_13,i simply love this game glad i got it.one of the best games ever made (:
,Recommended,212480,14013439,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,вιgвangreχ,"A very fun racing game, the graphics are fantastic and the maps are really well designed, heres why.You do the first lap, short and simple.The second lap changes, a route might be blocked by a monster or something.The final lap goes ape sh*t.I have never seen this in any racing game before, well I kinda saw this in Spongebob Squarepants and the creature from the Krusty Krab, but the races feel staged and are very easy.However the game does have a downside, and that's with it's keyboard controls....Now before I tell what I think of the controls, nearly everyone is fully aware that Keyboards are better at shooting games rather then driving, however after some practice you can become very well.Now usually it's WASD to control the car or move the mouse to where you want to go, but here, SHIFT of all keys is to accelerate! Why shift? Why not the W key, plus to move it's the arrow keys. Again, why not WASD? I'm used to Saint's Row and GTA's driving controls and they are much better, why change it so SHIFT is accelerate and the arrow keys are turning? At least your hands are wide apart for room, but I would perfered WASD to this.Overall this game is fantastic, controls are strange at first, but it's a very fun game.Also playing as the Spy from TF2 in a plane is the greatist thing ever! OH NO!"
,Recommended,212480,19608445,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,語 Sigma,why is sonic in a car
,Recommended,212480,33052493,Posted: 30 June,all,Autophoenix | Haus of Gaga,I'd say this game is Mario Kart on Steroids. And with Team Fortress 2. Exceptional.
,Recommended,212480,29971521,Posted: 16 February,all,SHG,"this game is fun, too bad match making isn't working properly, but other than that gr8 game 10/10"
,Recommended,212480,14084722,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,BL4KE,Easily one of the best kart-racer games I've ever played.8/10
76561198006740189,Recommended,212480,7927761,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Vinceas88,This game is awesome but be aware that it is not a mario kart clone if you are looking for that.It is a fun racer but items dont decide most races. They help if you are behind and sometimes get you from 2nd to 1st but its not a mayem as mario kart.Just as you might expect this game is FAST. It has the most awesome sense of speed I felt in a while (WHERE is a new Fzero goddamit) and flying and boating(?) is pretty fun too.It also looks incredibly (better than consoles by far ) on the PC besides having low spec requirements. It is a master piece and the best fun racer there is for the PC and probably one of the best splitscreen multiplayer games for the PC.It is really cheap nowerdays so just give it a try. It really is a great racer with lots of content.
,Recommended,212480,31091501,Posted: 11 April,all,!Maya!,"Great game, basically the steam version of mario cart.I played this a lot when I had a console.Only wish more people played multiplayer. Still pretty fun though."
,Recommended,212480,30520035,Posted: 14 March,all,Ading,"fun and addictive racing gamebut online matchmaking is really lack of player.great port,great music and great car handling.recommended if you like mario kart game,its pretty similiar with mario kart.great couch party game with friend,the single player world tour is great too."
,Recommended,212480,1715733,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Fartlek Spizzle,"As much crap as Sonic's been in the last decade, this game is genuinely good.  I dare say it even dethrones Mario Kart as king of the genre.  So well done Sumo."
76561198194393828,Recommended,212480,23104230,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ghost R,Gotta go fast....
,Recommended,212480,23146998,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Mario,"Great game to play with friends,online GG :3"
,Recommended,212480,7932679,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Fastest Honk in the West,"your first reaction might be to assume it's ""mario kart except geared towards losers"" and you might be right because this game is essentially a more exciting and skill-based variant of mario kart. Every item is made to associate actual skill with effect, and there's plenty of ways to play catch-up or otherwise dominate a track, but the sheer head-butting craziness keeps the game from being too simple.rephrasal: yo this♥♥♥♥♥♥is actually ill as hell and i'd recommend it to literally anyone as THE go-to racing game for PC"
,Recommended,212480,7999074,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,northbad,It's Mario Kart on Steroids10/10
,Recommended,212480,630475,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,xeroslash,The best split-screen kart racing game you can find on the PC.
76561198046311355,Recommended,212480,29348379,Posted: 18 January,all,Khronikos,"This is the best kart racer ever released period. Loads of karts, tons of characters to try out, and stages that are truly awesome to play through. Too many highlights to honestly write down in a single review. From Afterburner to Sonic and Panzer to Samba Di Amigo; someone will find something to love here. For me the Afterburner level was truly a great throwback and a beautiful level to boot. Of course, if you played the first Sonic game this one is more of the same, but with a polish not seen before. Land, air, and water racing have been added and they make a huge difference, giving this one a mellifluous fun factor not seen in too many kart games. The graphics have had a substantial update and everything seems like a general improvement to me.The game is compatible with Nvidia AA codes through Inspector, so you can get HBAO and downsampling to work; this is easily the definitive version this way. The consoles, when I played this on PS3, simply cannot compete with 4K and HBAO. The game just looks amazing and at a solid 60FPS too. I give the edge to Transformed versus its prequel, being that it added a wider variety of everything to the mix and the tracks are just insane. There are quite a few challenges like the first game and some secrets to find. The level variety is extremely varied as well. One of the all-time greats in gaming."
,Recommended,212480,2560661,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,cyberdemoh,FUKC SHEIT FUKECN GAME TRYHARDS ONLY♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ***TRYHARDS & ALL TRYHARDS TRYHARDING TRYHARDED***♥♥♥♥♥♥SHIET SHET 10 OUT OF 10
,Recommended,212480,2841076,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,RSP16,"I'm an N64 kart racer veteran (MK64, DKR, Lego Racers, Penny Racers, etc.), and I daresay this is as good (if not better than) any N64 kart racer I've ever played. Unlike some other games that use rubber bands, you need skill here. The variety of characters, mods, and tracks is above average for this type of game. I've mainly stuck to single-player so far, but it's been a blast. Online play works fine (but I don't have many friends with this game) and split-screen is available, but single player alone is addictive enough that I think I goofed up my trigger finger and damaged my eyes a bit."
,Recommended,212480,676231,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,demolust,"Race it, drift it, flip it, float it, fly it, shoot it, jump - transform it.Roll it, dodge it, hit it, crash it, boost it, turn it, mod - upgrade it.Best Mario Kart I've ever played."
,Recommended,212480,7880501,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Kumog,"At first I figured this would just be a bleh Mario Kart Clone, but after playing it for the last few days with friends, I've honestly come to the decision that it is arguably better than Mario Kart.Mario Kart loves to give the lower-placed players better items to 'equalize', including that oft-despised Blue Shell.  In this, the ""Blue Shell"" analogue is a swarm of bees.  The bees however do NOT guaranteed knock up the first place person.  They can dodge it if they pay attention/slow down, making it be less of a guaranteed ""HAHA GO TO SECOND PLACE""  This single change on its own is a great improvement over Mario Kart.The stages are just about at the right length to be fun, not long enough to drag on (I've yet to run into any Rainbow Road race that takes 20+ minutes and is just soul-crushingly bland once the prettiness factor wears off).  Changing vehicles definitely makes it fun as they all handle differently.  For folks who don't care about weapon powerups, there is Boost Mode, where all powerups are just boosts.  No shooting other players, just rely on your own skill.The racers seem to be decently different, but there are ways to modify them after playing as them long enough to shift their stats a bit, so if someone takes your precious Sonic, you can take another character and mod their vehicle up to have equivalent stats to Sonic's, given enough time with that char.Overall, if you grew up with a Sega and love arcade-style racing games, give this a try."
,Recommended,212480,17525302,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Masenkoe,"Simply put, this is easily one of the best kart racers in a long time. The online is fun, especially if you have a enough friends to get together and form a party, matchmaking works well with Steam. The single-player is also surprisingly really great and the various levels of difficulty should be enough to provide a challenge to just about everybody. There is a lot of content here, and particularly on PC a lot of exclusive characters. For me, this is certainly my favorite kart racer since Crash Team Racing, so I feel like that says a lot. I definitely can't recommend it enough."
76561198040371486,Recommended,212480,7936628,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Hit_Pepns,"Challenging, fun to play, it has nice menu and music. Go for it."
,Recommended,212480,7347975,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,netkot,Great for children and parents. Lots of fun.
,Recommended,212480,13843383,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,sept,I honestly love this game. It's probably my favorite arcade racing game for the pc right now. I would really recommend using a controller though. I play with keyboard just fine. But I would love to have a go at this game with a controller.
,Recommended,212480,7935965,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,#TeamMusic,หนุกมากกก
,Recommended,212480,33190523,Posted: 3 July,all,Phaxux,"Fun alternative to Mario Kart. More characters and is a blast to play with friends! Watch out Mario, Sonic is gonna have a better racing game than you (lenny)"
76561197982891802,Recommended,212480,29948129,Posted: 15 February,all,Renegger,"Hands-down the best ""cart"" game I have played.That I place this first, Mario Kart 64 second and Double Dash third should be testiment to how great this game really is.Best thing is to be 4 players completing and unlocking together."
,Recommended,212480,18319641,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Kraudju,"This is not Mario Kart, this is not casual... this is the Dark Souls of Karting genre.The game on Easy seems normal, but as you progress in difficult you see that is a lot to learn to progress, as flips to boost, boosts in the plane by risking yourself(Risky Boost) and a lot more.This game is VERY difficult and can drive you nuts, but still very rewarding.I have almost 70 hours of gameplay and still suffer a lot to win some races and still have some expert events to complete, some of them very distressful.This game is almost perfect, the game still have some bugs, as you play you can see some problems, like the boat and car from Nights having problems with ramps.But still nothing of this really matters and makes difference, the game is amazing.A lot of features, 25 tracks and over 20 characters from Sega.If you are still undecided, dont be... just buy it!"
,Recommended,212480,7941659,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,apparition,"Best game since the movie 'Space Jam'. You can choose between 2 characters, Micheal Jordan and Bugs Bunny and your aim is to dunk as many slams as you can possibly jam within the time limit. If you fail, you become permanently paralyzed from the waist up. Worth all your earnings and more."
,Recommended,212480,1714733,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Raiseo Hitsu,"I usually don't like racing games but this... this is addicting.I mean it's so fun, I don't know half of these guys because I'm not a Sonic/Sega fan but they do seem a charismatic and diverse bunch!The items are straightforward and there aren't much of them, but they're different and easy to use after some practice.The driving requires a good amount of skill between drifting, acrobatics and other stuff that helps you boost your speed.All in all, it's easy to learn, but hard to master.I like the fact that your ""car"" or kart becomes a boat or even a flying jet (!) in certain areas and it's a totally different feeling, like, flying is not a dumbed down version of a car, you go up down whenever you like and the boat is hard to maneuver.I've been having TONS of fun with this battling against friends online or inviting guests like my girlfriend, plugging 2 controllers and playing, you can even combine controllers + keyboard and then go to an online match!Overall, as a guy that doesn't like racing games, I loved this one, probably the first and the last, recommended for parties at your house or just plain fun."
,Recommended,212480,6307651,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Vt1,Sonic meets racing meets awsomesauce :D It's fun :D!
76561198034826073,Recommended,212480,21794088,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dr. Caesar's Palace M.D.,"I wasn't expecting this game to be good at all - but trust me, it is. In the same vein as Rocket League, initially it is very fun to just pick up, but there is lots of skill building to be done within."
76561197999129410,Recommended,212480,30878322,Posted: 1 April,all,SoilWorker,The absolute best mario kart clone you will ever play. I cannot reccomend this game enough!!!
,Recommended,212480,1692146,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Emarrel,BETTER THAN MARIO KART TIER
,Recommended,212480,28827605,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ツSn✪✪pY🐾 cba,great game & great fun! defo modern version of the great mario karts.
,Recommended,212480,4560467,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,T-Rex,Забавная играВ такое я ещё не игралОчень красочная и очуменная играБрать всем !!!10/10
,Recommended,212480,32974137,Posted: 28 June,all,JustN,Great game. It feels just like mario kart butwith a spin the characters and maps and are awesomeand the music is great. Love the game and the dlc characters are great as well.
,Recommended,212480,19425905,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,DICK ANEURYSM,"the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child of CTR, diddy kong racing, mario kart, and f-zero.  nothing else needs to be said.  it takes the best things from those games and brings them together.highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,2340030,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Mr. Roboto,"I honestly only bought this because it was on sale and I heard good things. Turns out, its really ♥♥♥♥ing fun! I would dare say its just as fun as Mario Kart.Like all other racing titles, playing on the keyboard is a pain. But get an xbox controller and it works just fine. Get 4 xbox controllers and wtf fun overload."
76561198089617151,Recommended,212480,35132726,Posted: 22 September,all,Turel,Some people would say this is nothing more than a Mario Kart clone.But I would say this is slightly better than Mario Kart 8 Deluxe but I will list the pros and cons belowPro+ Diverse cast of characters+ Unique set of tracks+ Race on Land Sea and Air+ Multiple styles of gameplay in career mode+ Good to play solo or with friendsCons- A lot of cheaters/hackers online
76561198082640923,Recommended,212480,20013480,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Paul196UK,Brilliant. Highly recommend :-)
,Recommended,212480,4169832,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,NIKOLA BELJO (CROATIA),:)))) coooooooooooollllll and fun :)))
76561198032206548,Recommended,212480,7964875,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,PastaForZuul,"Being a very oldschool sonic fan, i went into this with very low expectations simply because sega seems to enjoy doing horrible things to their greatest intellectual properties. That being said, this is actually a really fun little spectacle racer (and probably the closest thing we will get to a pc version of mario kart.... though the game is distinctly different from mario kart despite drawing very obvious influences from that series. In short, i has its own identity that comes through very well during play while still paying homage to its roots).The weapons you can pick up all for the most part feel rather intuitive and easy to use, though i do wish there was better variety to the available pickups.It is also very much worth noting that this game has some incredible race tracks. All of the karts have 3 modes (car, speedboat, and stuntplane), and they modes are managed automatically by what is appropriate for each section of track. This allows for some amazing variety in tracks, and they all take influence from various sega games over the years (the track for After Burner is particularly fun).i would definitely recommend this game for any kart racing fan (or anybody who just wants a kart racer, they can be really fun, especially with other people), and if you can pick it up for a reasonable price i would recommend it even if you arent a huge kart racer fan."
76561198028400391,Recommended,212480,26933667,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ban_Midou01,"I know what people normally do with this game, which is compare with Mario Kart... Which they have very close features, but this game deserves to be tested and felt on its own. So... forget any previous MK experience and give this game a try!I've bought this game while on sale, so it was very cheap. And I have no regrets! This game really drove me nuts trying to perfect my drifting skills.Unlikely any normal go-kart arcade game, this game actually benefits from some real racing techiques like following the corners apex to get the fastest lines like no other arcade game I've played so far. That really made me happy, since I'm a huge fan of sim racing style gaming, and for a 'just for fun experience' kind of game, this really made a fusion of what I like on a sim racing game and the fun chaos of an arcade game.But, that doesn't mean you need to have any kind of experience in sim racings to have fun in this game. It's just that to get to a perfection (Specially trying to beat the devs fastest laps on each circuit), it's something to be considered.Some pros and cons that I really would like to show:Pros:- Really fun go-kart/arcade racing game. Easy to get into, hard to master.- Power-ups that range from a homing rocket, to a Super Star item which makes you invincible and can change the race results at any time.- Very good sense of speed and physics.- Stunt/Drift techniques that gives you boost.- Some tracks completely change from one lap to another, which makes each lap a unique experience.- Different kind of vehicles at different sections of the race (Car, Boat and Plane).- Very good amount of tracks to choose from. (Not too many, but not too few)- Great host of drivers to choose from, each with their own ups and downs, all from different SEGA Games.- Great soundtrack!- Very nice visuals.- Several different game modes which changes completely the way you play.- Lots of unlockables.Cons:- A Little bit tricky to learn the controls at the beginning (Specially when flying).- Some cars are better at some tracks than others.- Online multiplayer is a little bit weird. Sometimes you finish a race, but it doesn't actually finish the race. On server side, your character gets stuck somewhere and you dont get to finish the race.- Sometimes the stunts don't work and try to compensate in the next trick, which results in 'Stunt Failed' and boost loss.Overall, this game is a really fun experience, wether your looking for a fun time playing with your friends, alone or online, or trying to master all the tracks shortcuts and routes.Definitely a must buy if you're an arcade racing game fan!"
76561198025134811,Recommended,212480,33089543,Posted: 1 July,all,Solidsnakec11,10/10 Virtually flawless. the quality is unbelievable.
,Recommended,212480,7952545,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ＦＲＯＳＣＨ,"What Doge had to say about this game:wow. - Dogeinformersuch transform. - IDNvery race. - Rock, Paper, Doge10/10 such doge. - Dogeaku"
,Recommended,212480,1780747,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Fred,"Not bad, just make sure to not get stunlocked when you're 1stBut those friggin boats manNO"
76561198356301009,Recommended,212480,30859631,Posted: 31 March,all,verjik,amazing family game. playing all 4 family members - require 40+ display for 4
,Recommended,212480,30875072,Posted: 1 April,all,Cembasade,I'm not really into racing games but.. that's the one. I'd never expected such addiction.
,Recommended,212480,25876351,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,flabbyfinn,buy it
76561198021659556,Recommended,212480,35332218,Posted: 30 September,all,S4vIt4r,"The game is a classic! It's simple, fun but jet challenging. Great way to enjoy the evening with your friends, or play online.A must have if you enjoy racing your friends and beating them in a fun way :)"
,Recommended,212480,1054612,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Space Hamster,Friggin' AWESOME! Better than Mario Kart!
,Recommended,212480,30415833,Posted: 9 March,all,CRAWLIN,"Probably the best kart racer to date, challenging and fast paced."
,Recommended,212480,35486620,Posted: 4 October,all,Hallowed Lackey,there's something very irreverent about this game that mario kart will always lack. underrated and challenging
,Recommended,212480,8550684,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,CyanideInsanity,"This is mario kart on crack. If your a fan of ""kart racers"" or arcade racer, whatever the proper term/s is/are, games like mario kart, diddy kong racing or crash team racing, you'll more than likely love this. This game consists of a few types of movement; driving boating and flying. The majority of courses use 2 or all 3.The World tour mode is pretty nice. Its a combination of traditional single course races as well as different challenges such as drift and boost challences or boost races. Continuing on the single player aspect, you've still got the standard grand prix and time attack modes. Matchmaking is nice, and I personally haven't had many issues.This game also has a large amount of characters to chose from. You start with a few and unlock the rest in world tour. Each of the characters also has a few mods to change their attributes like speed and handeling. You unlock most of these by leveling up that character, and you get experience by playing as them in just about everything. The final mod, called console mods, are unlocked in world tour.The only problem I have is that the AI can be quite a challence; they seem to have a slight bias against the player. Its not impssible to beat them, but until you truly master this game and can drift-boost every single turn and never crash, they will pose a challenge on the A and S class.This game boasts the enjoyably hectic racing with pickup attacks and powers and fast-paced racing."
,Recommended,212480,9188992,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Snuggle Bubbler,"If you like First Person Shooters, then without a doubt you may or may not like this game"
,Recommended,212480,8672426,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Geezus,DIS IS BERST GERME EVAR!!!!!!!!!!!! I HAZ SHO MUCHH FUNN BEING HEVY MAHN AND PIRO AND SPII!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197999481179,Recommended,212480,13559146,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Kelvinhbo,Love this game
,Recommended,212480,7933482,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Monkey King,"This is a great racing game like Mario Kart or Bomber Man Racing but it's Sonic.When they say ""All Stars"" they mean all stars, tons of famous SEGA characters(from Monkey Ball and Space Channel 5 to Shenmue and even a few from TF2 are playable.  This is a must have for any fans of old style SEGA and fun, arcade-style racing games with amazing visuals.By land, sea and air this game is a treat."
76561198064797501,Recommended,212480,9633902,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,dctalk,"Excelente juego de carreras al mejor estilo Mario Kart, muchas horas de diversión, todos los niveles disponibles para terminar el juego al 100% (o aun mas del mismo) no duden en comprarlo ;)Excelent racing game, like Mario Kart, lot of time of fun, all kind of level of experiences. You will need to earn a lot of time to finish the game at 100%"
,Recommended,212480,31755486,Posted: 14 May,all,Phobos 🎃,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is a joy to play and look at. The icing on this delicious multilayered racing cake is that the game launches at a relatively budget price of £14.99, despite being a quality product that would warrant a higher price tag. It has occasional technical glitches, but it's a high-quality experience that deserves a spot on the winner's podium with some of the best kart racers you've ever seen.I'm giving Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed a straight up 8.5/10.I highly recommend you play this game if you are into the racing genre, by far one of the best racers on Steam!"
76561197962729314,Recommended,212480,29404124,Posted: 21 January,all,Quintrix,"Exellent arcade fun, better than mario kart!"
,Recommended,212480,9263061,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,PSOCecil,"Perhaps one of the best overall racing games that I've ever played, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is easily the best kart racing game that I've ever played. Mario Kart is commonly seen as the 'best' for this genre, but where as Mario Kart lets even the unskilled players win with last-place-powerups they get, Transformed instead still gives it's best powerups most commonly to the slowest racers, but makes them able to be dodged by the most skilled players. No Blue Shell stupidity here.The tracks are all fun to race around, and the transforming vehicles turn this from 'just a great racing game' to 'one of the best'.  The car, boat, and jet all control radically different, and are all fun. The tracks 'transform' as well, most of them changing every lap to accomidate more the whole 'transforming vehicles' thing.Every music track is a joy, wonderful remixes of classic Sega themes, and the tracks themselves follow a broad stretch of Sega franchises. Except Phantasy Star, goddamnit, Sega.The online play is probably the best part, as the netcode works perfectly fine, and, last I tried, there was a pretty healthy community of players.  It's extremely unfortunate how many people avoid playing this gem simply because ""I don't like Sonic."" Anyone who even slightly likes this genre should love this game."
,Recommended,212480,7938900,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Big-Al,"A very polished game, very similar to Mario Kart, only downside would be that, sometimes online servers aren't so busy..."
76561198282411773,Recommended,212480,30744100,Posted: 25 March,all,Silver8Bit,10/10One of the best games I've ever played
,Recommended,212480,11437370,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Gerzie,This is better than every Mario Kart game.
,Recommended,212480,11795180,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Supabait,Literally Mario Kart for PC.
,Recommended,212480,10462822,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,yoshigamer 26,the game is awesome i like aiai meemee and tf2 sonic and all at crap
,Recommended,212480,545627,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,ManlyBadassHero,"Sonic All-Stars RACING TRANSFORMED® is a game you would rightfully assume is about going fast, then going faster. In reality it's a harsh lesson about how the world works and what to expect in the competitive job market. In your quest to go fast and feel the sunshine you will quickly find out others too want to go fast, in fact they want to go faster than you. The problem is if someone is going fast more than you are going fast then you are in fact not going fast so only one person can actually go fast. This creates a situation where much like the race for jobs and the corporate ladder, when you have everyone trying to go fast no one in fact goes fast since you constantly impede each other from going fast.Which is symbolism for the nuclear arms race.I give this game 10 WHY ARE THERE BEES OH GOD THERE'S MORE BEES WHO EVEN MAKES ALL THESE BEES OH GOD THEY'RE ALL OVER MY CAR AND IN MY PANTS AND OH GOD MY EYE WHY GOD WHY Out Of 10."
76561198214076889,Recommended,212480,21047245,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,waffle_penguin17,Mario Kart on steam with Sonic characters
,Recommended,212480,21161679,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,BovvovvFPlayer,This game is very very recoment.
76561197997613290,Recommended,212480,21123780,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,[FR] Dr. Von Braun,Awesome racing game with local Co opIts even better than Mario kart IMONeeds more maps and races though
,Recommended,212480,21135880,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Spooky Bayne,"Finally, a racing game I can get behind. The turnings great, the items halarious, the characters great, the graphics yes. Im not good at many racing games, but this ones friendly to guys like me.Only con this game has.-They still havent added Hatsune Miku"
,Recommended,212480,32744285,Posted: 24 June,all,Joel,Best game ever made. Wreck-it-ralph makes it 11/10. Would buy multiple times again and again. ;-).
76561198031174808,Recommended,212480,29073353,Posted: 6 January,all,MyglarN,"While waiting for Nintendo Switch and games like Mario Kart etc, I was temptedto play something meanwhile that would give me that nostalgia feeling.I found this goldpiece and man is it fun! It's your traditional karting gamebut for PC and with Sonic and all the characters in that universe.I really enjoyed it, and still occasionally play a couple of races :)"
,Recommended,212480,10202979,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,gaspipe,it is pretty good but they added yogscast and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥characters which is dumb
,Recommended,212480,30893697,Posted: 1 April,all,GanjaKramer710,"It's Sonic Kart. Great budget title. Runs just fine on my aging rig, xbox 360 controller supported out of the box.PROs:-hilarious gimmick characters-plenty of tongue-in-cheek voice acting-easy, intuitive controls (gamepad)-splitscreen career modeCONs:-need to unlock levels for local multiplayer-strangely primitive config tool-no playable gabe newell character"
,Recommended,212480,31016012,Posted: 8 April,all,Lantem C.,"This game humiliates me. I love it.Basicly, this means that there's a LOT of things I should master to ACTUALLY compete like a real person"
,Recommended,212480,11048245,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Magnum,"One of the best fun racing games out there, reminiscent of Mario Kart you're sure to have a good time playing this."
,Recommended,212480,8860082,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Crystal_Defender,"Great Game, Shame about Lack of DLC Tracks."
76561198000141117,Recommended,212480,12196527,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Andy,"As a multiplayer experience, it does Mario Kart better than Mario Kart does."
,Recommended,212480,9108635,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Moria,Best game in the universe! It allows me to play as Russian driver; It's also historically accurate game.
,Recommended,212480,34081927,Posted: 7 August,all,ooorait,great party game.
,Recommended,212480,23868439,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Norbert No Bacon,"A friend of mine suggested this game, I was dismissive at first of course, it's Sonic, it's a kids franchise. But having read other reviews and watched some gameplay videos (and also being 50% in the Summer Sale) we went in on the 4 pack and got it for a very cheap price (also bagging the Outrun DLC). All I can say is, what a superb, fun game. A mixture of Mario Kart and Diddy Kong Racing with a few other elements thrown in. Great graphics, well optimized engine (locked at 60fps), up to 10 players in online multiplayer. I don't think I've laughed and grinned so much since I played Super Mario Kart of the SNES back in the day and it brought me back to the days when I actually enjoyed playing for once. Highly recommended."
76561197999871353,Recommended,212480,9281505,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mister Venture,"Not since Mario Kart have I had this much fun with a racing game. Plus, it's TRANSFORMED! Enough said."
,Recommended,212480,2229,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Andrew,sonic is 4 babies
,Recommended,212480,23943801,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Vairfoley,Awesome fun game. I picked up for 10 bucks on the summer sale and it was worth every penny. Local Co-op works great with a steam + xbox 360 controller. Super fun tracks and pretty challenging for me at least.
,Recommended,212480,31162071,Posted: 15 April,all,Mr. SauceMan,B.D Joe simulator
,Recommended,212480,30048548,Posted: 19 February,all,✪ [K]ing -iwnl- Farmskins.com,like
,Recommended,212480,7958798,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Piruka,"Awesome racing game! Beautiful graphics and cool Mario Kartesque experience. Be sure to use a controller for full enjoyment.Only bad thing is that they made an youtube celebrity a racer, and RISTAR IS NOT A A PLAYABLE RACER wtf SEGA :C"
76561197985072747,Recommended,212480,7380076,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,Fun Mario Kart style game on the PC. Varied chracters to use and unlock. Allows multiplayer via split screen and onlne. Is fun and worth getting for a decent price.
,Recommended,212480,17197581,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Set,.
,Recommended,212480,10691730,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cisko,LIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONICLIKESONIC
,Recommended,212480,6432085,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Equinox,"It's an amazing game for people who really like racing games, haha."
,Recommended,212480,32791301,Posted: 25 June,all,SaltySkramz,EVERYBODY SUPA SANIC RACUN
,Recommended,212480,8722215,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,mince,"It's like Mario Kart except with good online multiplayer, good handling and much better tracks"
,Recommended,212480,10301714,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ShortyDevil,"Best than any Mario Kart I've ever played. Not luck based, just skill based. Must play, naw."
,Not Recommended,212480,22033260,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Lightstorm05,"Online is a disconnect from servers simulator. so many times have i actually been able to do good in a race just to be told there was a network error that kicks me offline. worse yet theres a penalty for leaving an online race on your rating off 100 points, which is the most you can make in a single race which you get by completing the race in first but only when your rating is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Speaking of the rating system, it's ridicolous. the higher the rating you have, the less points you get for completing an online race. getting first place eventually reduces that 100 points  you earn to low amounts such as only 4 points. an example is 1st place will get you from 1100 to 1200, but if you're at 1600 you'll get around 40 points instead.  you even get less points taken away if someone with a high rating wins the race and more taken away if someone with a low rating wins the race. making a rating system (which is useless in video games anyhow...) even more useless.singleplayer requires you to be absolutely perfect at everything to unlock everything (including mods for characters that change vehicle stats) and the AI, like many reviews have said, cheats.items are even more bizzarre this time around, looking to have absolutely no influence from any of the games that the characters you play as come from.flying and driving physics are ok but water section are horrible due to actual water physics (such at a tiny wave turning you into a small rock skipping on water). my one problem with flying is that inability to fire backwards, which you can only do by holding backwards which causes your vehicle to nose-dive or fly directly upward, depending on your controls."
,Recommended,212480,26978923,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,^NightOMICRON,"Geeez why do I spend my time with writing a review... (oh yes, for 25 xp >.> )So if you like dramas... mmm I mean if you like getting into trouble... ugh I meant if you like meeting nice people, yes NICE PEOPLE and if you like spending your days and nights inside a terrible game with full of bugs... I mean spending your free time in an ADDICTING and FUN game,If you enjoy listening to music then turn the game's music off... I mean turn it to 100%,If you enjoy being pushed in every second... correction: being 1st in every raceif you love the situation when a game destroys your life... sorry my bad I can't type at this time, so I meant if you love the situation when a game changes your life in a negat... POSITIVE wayif you said yes everytime while you were reading my review then do not buy... I meant then BUY THE GAME RIGHT NOW, YOU WILL NOT REGRET IT. >.><<< warning: the game is cursed... if anything happens to you after you bought the game then do not blame me... I told you>>>Now seriously >.>PROS:-you will find out if you play itCONS:-bugs, glitches-social problemsrating: 69 / űűAnd now I will click on the YES I RECOMMEND IT button before the game's community starts to throw rocks and rotten fruits at me. Whoops I misclicked 0.0,<<< This review contains inside jokes, do not take it serious. Now steam give me my deserved 25xp >>>"
76561198279076770,Recommended,212480,29390902,Posted: 20 January,all,FatedFalcon,"Honestly, this game is just fantastic. A lot harder than Mario Kart, but once you learn how to drive and pull off sick tricks, it's a blast. I'd recommend this to any fan of Sonic, SEGA, Kart racing or those who want a challenge."
76561198072299081,Recommended,212480,8039970,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,satanisahippy,I recomend this game as its easy to pick up but hard to master. It takes simple aspects from mario kart but multiplies them by 100. Great game if your into karting games. :D
,Recommended,212480,21006974,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,i dont wanna live,"Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed may seem like a bit of a childish or bad game, due to the title - but do not be fooled. It is one of the best games I've played, and I will be sure to sink more hours into it.GAMEPLAYThe gameplay in this game is crazy - you switch throughout levels to different cars, planes and boats. Remember, this happens in the same level; so you could have been driving one second, but the next, a piece of the cliff had fallen off and suddenly you're in the air, flying. Due to this, I will be splitting the next section of the review into different parts.CAR HANDLINGThe cars feel decent - not the best, but for an arcade racer, it does the job pretty well. I don't really have much to criticise, as all cars are different but there are no major flaws with the handling of the cars.  They feel mildly satisifying to drive, but I would say that the camera shake does make the game feel like it has frame drops.PLANE HANDLINGThe planes in this game are amazing. They feel so smooth, and refined that you will almost always look forward to the plane sections of a level. Mixed with the visuals, they provide a very nice touch to the game that I haven't seen before - although Mario Kart 7 + 8 does have similar sections, ala gliding.BOAT HANDLINGNot too shabby, I have to say. Boats can be tricky to get right, but this game has done a damn good job of it. It doesn't make you feel frustrated as the glide of the boats are easy to learn and also feel very light. In my opinion this is good, and it makes the transitions feel very nice as well.GRAPHICSThe graphics in this game are phenomenal - especially for a game with such a cartoonish atmosphere. It looks amazing at 1080p and I'm sure it will look even better at high resolutions - although on my 1080p monitor I couldn't get the game to run at 4K for some reason. Optimisation is decent, but I believe that the frame rate is locked to 60, which is a shame, especially for those of you with 144HZ monitors.LEVELSThe levels are well done, and feel amazingly detailed compared to what I've played recently. I can blow up parts of the map with powerups, and they will let me get to a shortcut or past an obstacle if I was about to crash, and that makes me smile as it truly feels like the developers have thought about their consumers.MODESI have not had a chance to delve into the multiplayer, but the Grand Prix mode is very nice, although the 3 laps can get a little boring. Still, I like that mode a lot more than the world tour mode. I feel like the World Tour could have been so much more, but that is just me. Single race is, well, a single race, and I believe the game has 4 player split screen - BUT don't quote me on that.OVERALLThis game is very nicely done, with lots of intricate details and decent optimisation. It's visuals are very pretty to look at, as well as it's cars and characters being detailed. The gameplay is a breath of fresh air from the pile of garbage that game developers seem to class as games these days. I would recommend it, especially on a sale.8/10."
,Recommended,212480,21087225,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,HugsAndWishes,Best Mario Kart game on PC.
76561198071027001,Recommended,212480,19668195,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Andylxl89,"It is huge to get 3 different vehicle mods in one racing game,track senarios are awsome,character collection is also diverse.And last,the expert AI is just challenging that cost me dozens of hours to beat."
,Recommended,212480,12143634,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Captain Luu,Danica Patrick is SEGA
,Recommended,212480,7928318,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Eagle,One of the funniest and frustrating party racer games ever done.Get it!
,Recommended,212480,595649,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,(-TN-) LADYHAWK,"The short of it?This is a great game! If you like kart racers, it's a must-buy.The slowdown issue from the first Sonic racing game has been fixed (at least on my machine). The game runs really smoothly with all graphic options enabled and it looks really sweet. For the record, I have an Intel i7 2600K overclocked to 4.1 GHz, an XFX Radeon HD 6950 and 8 GB RAM. It's a shame the first Sonic kart game has slowdown issues or I'd recommend it, too. From what I've read, it mostly affects ATi video cards, but you don't know how much of an issue it's going to be until you buy the game. I have a fairly good system, so it's not a game breaker for me, but it can still be annoying.For Sonic Racing, I recommend the XBOX Controller for Windows, which gives you good control and vibration feedback. If you don't already have it and can afford it, I recommend you buy it even if you don't buy the racing game. It's wonderful for the Batman games, Sonic Generations and the first Sonic kart game. I'm sure it would be awesome for a lot of other games as well. You can get a lot of console ports that look and play better on a computer with a decent computer monitor.New in Racing Transformed PC:1. Online multiplayer. I don't know how well this works because I haven't been able to try it. If you have this game, please challenge me so I can round out this review.2. Four different ways to do stunts.3. Coins for a slot machine that gives you extra goodies with which to start a race.4. New triple boost method to start races5. Racing on water and in the air!. This is a huge deal. It adds so much more to the game. It's fun to catch a wave, do a stunt and get a boost out of it.6. Risk boosts. While flying, flip out of the way of objects just in time to receive a boost.7. Much better AI. I'd say ""easy"" in the new game roughly equates to ""hard"" in the old game. Right now I'm only good enough to complete in B class (medium) and A class if it doesn't involve boats and flying. Those two elements are new and it's taking me awhile to master them.8. All New Weapons. IMO, they should have kept the old ones and added a few new ones.Other Cool Stuff.Re-playability counts for a lot when it comes to video games and Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed scores high in that department. My mind is spinning already. Lots of new things to learn. Lots of new characters to unlock. Lots of new driving styles to unlock per character. Nicely done, Sega.In the PC version, Team Fortress takes up one character slot. Pyro is the road man, Heavy is the boat man and Spy is the pilot. Sega used different voice actors than the ones we're used to, which, as I play more and more, is annoying as hell. It's even more annoying when I hear snatches that sound like the original actors. I'm so confused. Still, it's fun seeing our old friends racing. Maybe someone will come up with a way to use snatches of audio from Team Fortress to replace the sounds in Sonic Racing. One can hope, I suppose.Football Manager and Shogun are also unique to PC versionWhat I miss from the first game:1. Special character stunts. I wish they had kept the the 4-way directional flips and rolls for the second joystick and assigned a button for a special character stunt. They should have made it take as long as two rolls and given you a stage 2 boost (or something similar).2. The horn. I imagine the horn could be annoying in multiplayer games, but I liked honking it to make characters do silly animations. I kind of miss the animations of both the special character stunts and horn honking.3. Motorcycles. Seriously, Sega, why did you get rid of Shadow's cool ride? I miss it, man.4. Pole position. In Grand Prix mode, your starting place in the field no longer depends on your placement in earlier races. You are always, ALWAYS at the back of the field. ACK! You made the game hard enough, Sega. Why make it harder? Was it laziness? Too hard to program a person's position in accordance with the average placement in races? You managed it in the first game. Why not in the second?Ladyhawk's Rating: 7.25 out of 10 starsWhat other critics had to say about Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed:Shogun - ""Owie!!!""Scout - ""Man, this game sucks! And I'm not saying that because I'm not in it. Really.""Heavy - ""Ees always good day to drive leetle boat...and eat sandvich.""William Shakespeare - ""Brains...gurgle gurgle...BRAINS!!!""Sigmund Freud - ""Sometimes a fireworks rocket is just a fireworks rocket.""LOLCATS - ""I can haz kart racer?""PC Gaming Magazine - ""Visit this site for information on downloading Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed for free."""
,Recommended,212480,7949439,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,"Dr. Steel, Professor of Memology","A great racing game with understandable mechanics. Annoying at times but is usually just right. It has full controller support so half the time I was playing with my old PS2 controller. The PC version allows you to have even more characters including Team Fortress 2 Characters (Pyro, Heavy and Spy), Wreck it Ralph and the new Simon Lane from the Yogscast for $5. Although I would prefer Lewis to be there aswell and maybe Israphel just like how Bowser always goes karting with his arch-enemy Mario. The flying, though, sometimes can feel awkward but overall I give it 4 Stars ★★★★✰ and 8/10."
76561198010452926,Recommended,212480,22636895,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Mr. Krabs,The good game where sonic drives a car.
,Recommended,212480,7868300,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Chief Savage Man,"It's a goofy and well made karting game. If you're into that sort of thing, then this seems like a good one. General Winter owns."
76561198151958144,Recommended,212480,22898615,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Flowsilver,"I've played Crash Team Raing back on the PS1,which I enjoyed a lot until my PS1 said bye and stopped working. Came across this one day and forced a friend to play it,too.We both enjoyed it and still do.The best Kart-racing game I played since CTR. All I can do is recommend it to everyone who loves fun racing games.^_^"
,Recommended,212480,24346562,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dr. Shitfaced,Better than Mario Kart in a lot of ways. Seriously.
,Recommended,212480,9198706,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,InfinityAlex,"Oh, where to begin with this game? Oh, I know; it's brilliant! While the model quality for most characters is rather poor (I'm looking at you, Sonic and Ralph) and the stock clips can be irrelevant a lot of the time, the true appeal in this game lies where it matters; the game play, especially in online mode. For hours on end you will find yourself racing head to head with up to ten friends, which can become highly competitive and addicting on many an occassion. Unlike the recent Mario Kart installments, your online race won't be ruined by an item similar to a spiny blue winged ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. Instead, the items are fairly balanced (though I'd like to see a way to build up the All Star in future games) and the only item you can find yourself really getting frustrated at is the triple ice shot as it freezes you on contact. If you can live with mediaocre stock clips and alright character models (the environments themselves are overwhelming), I'd highly recommend this game on its online value alone."
76561197989945307,Recommended,212480,11654848,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,BallSoup,Like Mario Kart on LSD and steroids.
,Recommended,212480,2014657,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Noface,"Go, g-go, g-go, go, goGotta go fastGotta go fastGotta go faster, faster, faster, faster, fasterMoving at the speed of sound (make tracks)Quickest hedgehog aroundGot ourselves a situationStuck in a new locationWithout any explanationNo talk of relaxationDon't, don't, don't, don'tDon't blinkDon't thinkJust go go go go, g-g-g-go, goN-n-n-n-n-n-naN-n-n-n-n-n-naSonic is on the runSonic, he's number oneSonic, he's coming nextSo watch out for Sonic XGotta go fast, SonicGotta go fast, SonicGotta go faster, faster, faster, faster, fasterGo, g-go, g-go, go go go goSonic XGotta go fasterGotta go fastGotta go faster, faster, faster, fasterSonic X"
,Recommended,212480,7745764,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,wade the brain mcclain,when miku
,Recommended,212480,8273431,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Dave,I don't know why other games even try.
,Recommended,212480,7949484,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,J |k|,Amazingly fun arcade game
76561198117634878,Recommended,212480,25683554,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Jodi Arias,"&quot♥♥♥♥♥mario kart"" - Sonic"
,Recommended,212480,10176207,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,iTz jT ⭐️^_^💧,The only kart racing game on PC worth playing.
,Recommended,212480,14548399,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Solid Ice,drive with pyro sail with heavy and fly with spy
,Recommended,212480,2762424,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Beeps,"Do you want a racer with a variety of challenging courses, large character variety, and great controls? Buy this game. Do you mind losing a game purely because of luck? Do not buy this game."
,Recommended,212480,8544000,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nutmeg Spookin,"This game was a tough decision to buy since I really don't like Sonic, ut I really enjoyed it anyway despite it's mascot. It's not a Mariokart spinoff in the slightest, and brings a lot on fun and creative elements to the table. And on top of it, the charachters have been very well balanced in terms of stats. My only problem with this game is the PC controls hat make it hard to steer my plane or throw items. I say if you want a fun game to play with a buddy, get this!"
,Recommended,212480,10106407,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,"""new ***** name""",yeaaaaaaaaa
,Recommended,212480,14444585,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,nat-  ♥c,beeeest joguinho hehe
,Recommended,212480,8059286,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Uutama,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is racing at its finest-- its absolute finest. One could even say it surpasses Mario Kart! The game looks stunning and preforms almost completely without flaw. The characters are well balanced even if stats say otherwise. As an example, B.D. Joe has a high speed advantage, yet Amigo has a major speed disadvantage, but his acceleration and boost can bring him to first place if you know what to do. The tracks are filled with sega references and fill an old-school sega nerd's heart with joy. They're all fair and fun to race through on the ground, in the water, or even in the air. Whether you play alone or with friends-- it's all fun regardless. There are tons of missions to play through on easy, medium, or hard difficulties. Once you beat the game, you unlock an expert difficulty to really challenge yourself again! The game doesn't dry up fast at all; it's constantly keeping you racing. It doesn't matter if you're pro Nintendo or pro Sega, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is undeniably the best racing game to date."
76561197971541823,Recommended,212480,20322393,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,thelinus,If youre looking for mario kart for the pc this is as good as its going to get. Great game.
,Recommended,212480,7927969,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,"Telmo ""Trooper""","Awesome racing game, reminds me a lot of Crash Team Racing."
,Recommended,212480,14040484,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Homem-Arantes,"I really didn't expect much from this game, thinking it was just a Mario Kart rip-off... but how wrong I was. The game is AWESOME!!!I was right about it being a rip-off, but it's a great one at it. The gameplay is great, as well as the graphics and the sounds.If there's a flaw, that would be the characters. The only ones I care about are those from the Sonic franchise."
,Recommended,212480,14671608,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,I need case and AM3+ motherboard,"Ignore the gross Sonic marketing, this game should have been called Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed.  It's better than Mario Kart."
76561198139046077,Recommended,212480,30064114,Posted: 20 February,all,Ghostlyhobbit,Reminds me of Mario Kart Wii although is fun in its own way. Great little game to play when bored and isn`t very time consuming.
,Recommended,212480,765614,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Freerider-Dave,"I was always a fan of Mario Kart, every other ""Kart Racer"" that came out seemed to be just a knockoff which was never much good. The first SASASR was a ""Kart"" game. At first I avoided it as I was playing Mario Kart Wii at the time. When I got round to playing sasasr I was shocked as it blew MKW out of the water. It was faster had missions and was genrally more fun. When this came out I bought it straight away on the PS3. This is an ""Arcade racer"" as opposed to a ""kart racer"" so it handles totally different to its predecessor. This game is fantastic its so much faster than Sassar and makes that feel slow. This has loads of  challenges and fantastic levels. The levels come alive and terraform during the race. The Skies of Arcadia map starts off with ground air and boat, but by the end of the second lap the Sky Pirates invade have a massive fight and blow most of the circuit away turning it into a air only circuit. I currently have about 98% complete on the PS3 the final time trails are so hard so I dont think I will ever get the 100%! I was also within the top 100 on the championship standing at one point. I Would recommend this game to anyone who like racing games that are more on the fun side!"
,Recommended,212480,30568692,Posted: 17 March,all,Pix,This game is NOT a copy to Mariokart 8.It has more depth and game modes and OH MY GOSH TF2 IS IN THIS ONE.19.7/10 would buy again
76561198012905875,Recommended,212480,7952685,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,SpotHydra,"It looks like its a terrible attempt at a racing game, but dear god is it fun"
76561197991103051,Recommended,212480,25539743,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Puddle,This is such an underrated racing game. I actually like its variety so much. It shakes up a genre that really needed it. Mario kart just cant hold a candle to this I think.
76561198335478537,Recommended,212480,31003010,Posted: 7 April,all,spiritor,"if your for racing and a challenge buy this came beacus of great characters,awesome tracks and good music"
,Recommended,212480,12011752,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,RichChigga,Too fun!!!
,Recommended,212480,3446422,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Amestis,"""S&ASRT"" provides a surprisingly deep gameplay experience, fun racing modes, beautiful visuals, and a new standard for the next wacky-racing titles to come."
,Recommended,212480,24781404,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,ツBuddy★,"Hello friend, it seems you have clicked the wrong page. Garfield Kart is that way.#DixOut4Harambe"
,Recommended,212480,7944395,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ДЖАДЖАБИНКСЪ,"Весьма красочная игра, с возоможностью игры по сплит скрину можно очень весело провести время толпой. Очень интересно, что в этой игре присутствуют герои ТФ и прочие герои игр от сеги (я кстати рада Биту из Джет Сет Радио). Покупайте и ловите кайф"
,Recommended,212480,8574298,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,VN1X,"One thing which has always bugged me about Mariokart is the sense of speed. In that regard, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed completely trumps the franchise. It's fair to say that Mariokart finally has a serious contender on market and Sonic might've even surpassed the latest MK entry with All-Stars Racing Transformed. Here's hoping this franchise will last for many more years to come as I haven't had this much fun with a Kart racing game in quite some time. Go Sonic!"
,Recommended,212480,21057009,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Kidkipster,"Dude, Sega remembered that Billy Hatcher was a game."
,Recommended,212480,21018493,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ღ Fôxannë ღ,"Remind me of old times. Best arcade game ever !!! Cute animation make me enjoy the gameP.S There's might be a slight bug (i wasnt sure is that even a bug) As when i play w player two on the same computer , my player 2 tend to have invert mode (for airplane)So if anybody able to help me with this, thanks w much appreication !!!"
76561198160406174,Recommended,212480,21030550,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Alex,Better then MarioKart
,Recommended,212480,21043447,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Winrar Dinrar,Gotta Go Fast
,Recommended,212480,21049150,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Lex,"Some oldschool simple fun, what else can you need in your day off?"
,Recommended,212480,20704011,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Messiah,"solid racing gamefun, good amount of content and online mode"
,Recommended,212480,10823861,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Orthodox,"Stunning and awesome arcade racing 10/10. But one more thing - dammit, SEGA, make a Shenmue 3 already! (as steam exclusive)."
,Recommended,212480,8993135,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Lazarus,"This is the best arcade style racing game that I have ever played. Even surpassing Mario Kart, which is also a supreme game title and very popular. Sega really pulled it off on this game, as they did with Sonic Generations. They just need to keep up the pace. I give this game a 9 out of 10. In the online ranked mode sometimes (not common but not rare either) you'll find a boost exploiter, or straight up cheater playing in the lobby. You can just avoid matchmaking if they pop up in your lobby though. Sega should ban them permanently from playing. That's my only complaint, is running into cheaters every now and then."
,Recommended,212480,14690427,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,🐾♥ Yarfy Fox ^ᴥ^,Great racing game where half the characters are not even SEGA characters.
,Recommended,212480,29964319,Posted: 16 February,all,Sarger,"This is, without a doubt, the best kart racer on Steam."
,Recommended,212480,24419823,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,WizBiz,It's Mario Kart... for the PC.... Sega Edition
,Recommended,212480,7855175,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,DOTA Yrself Clean,The best kart racer since Diddy Kong Racing. Needs Toejam and Earl though.
,Recommended,212480,7944779,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Waterboyo,ALL I DO IS WIN
,Recommended,212480,7871044,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,vebersons,"Sonic is in a car, plane, and boat, and so are the TF2 characters.... ♥♥♥♥ THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IT'S AWESOME!!!"
,Recommended,212480,7866709,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,spencecool,it's cool
,Recommended,212480,8119359,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,idiot fucker,Cool game.
,Recommended,212480,22037362,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Williamtx900,best racing game ever.
,Recommended,212480,25484425,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Muticere,Objectively better than Mario Kart
,Recommended,212480,33364562,Posted: 7 July,all,Some Guy with Terrible Shoes,I just really wish sonic would drive his car right into my♥♥♥♥♥......
,Recommended,212480,32325735,Posted: 10 June,all,smashcast.tv/Chaoy,gotta go fast
,Recommended,212480,8009962,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,IndigoJinx,"Okay here goes, most vet gamers have played this game already, it was called Mariocart, or Crash Bandicoot Nitrocart, or ____[Insert other kart game here like say Skunnykart on PC ☺] The game is fun, really fun, the tracks could make the fastest Falcon cringe from the vertical drops, and speed in places, but those are good things. They finally fixed online somewhere durring My break from this game, I just spent like 3 hours playing in two games online, for about 2 hours We had 8-10 players in the game, I noticed no real lag that effected Me, nor My vehicle, online you have to levelup your profile, and unlock characters seperate from career mode (a feature common now in games that I like), so lots'a replayability, but this game shines where Kart games are supposed to shine, multiplayer, so grab a friend, jump online, and ""go fast""... Don't be discouraged when you never win a race at 1st, they're leveled up, and have mods for their vehicle, yours  will get faster too. This game fills a genre left open on PC of recent the ""FUN multiplayer Kart game"" it's worth just about any price, runs great on any old laptop (like Mine), and supports the worlds favorite PC controller the X-360 for windows pad, so pick it up, if you don't like it, then you don't like Kart games. ☻ Not as good as Crash tag team racing (THE best Kart game ever made, to bad it wasn't online), BUT this game is awesome!"
,Recommended,212480,7965510,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Parlance,This is probably the most fun game i have played all year.
,Recommended,212480,12225214,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Currency Susan,Danica Patrick throws bees at a monkey.
76561198022696702,Recommended,212480,7790640,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Eat my ass,Fun on singleplayer. AMAZING with friends!! :)
,Recommended,212480,293001,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Lotharemas,A surprising amount of fun to play when you learn the mechanics of the game and get some friends to join you
,Recommended,212480,30989630,Posted: 6 April,all,hello,I'm fast as ♥♥♥♥ boooooooooooooooooooi
76561198100636306,Recommended,212480,29992658,Posted: 17 February,all,Hey Scotty Jesus Man,BLESS GAME STILLAZ
,Recommended,212480,29889987,Posted: 12 February,all,KeyAndEnter,Best Mario Kart on PC I've ever played.I recommend blaring eurobeat while playing this game. It helps.Highly recommend.
,Recommended,212480,23009429,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Erase All Pictures of Ron,"This game is amazing! I don't have a whole lot of experience with the PC version (but I have around 60 hours in the 3ds version), but I think it is the best Sonic game out there. There is an expansive roster of characters with some excellent DLC and stunning and gorgeous tracks. There are a ton of achievements to be unlocked and fun to be had. An excellent buy for anyone!"
,Recommended,212480,33091561,Posted: 1 July,all,PoiPoiThePoirate,Mario Kart on PC
,Not Recommended,212480,33930932,Posted: 31 July,all,RedFoxUK,"(review after over 180 hours of play)A great game screwed by hackers.The hacks have reached such stupid levels that the game is no longer playable.The developers have jumped ship, steam doesn't care, no one does anything about these hackers.I watched some one drive off the track, then there car paused, draged back onto the track, reoganised it self to face forward and then shoot off at max boost speeds (like it was drag and dropped).The same person rushing past me, stops on a dime, waits for me to pass, then starts ramming me ect before getting bored and speeding off with his boost hacks .. crashing the server so everyone was falling through the world on repeat.They are able to lock your weapons, fire/spawn as many weapons as they like and generally ruin everything.They have such a large amount of control over there character on the server that they can partially override the AI control when a race has ended so there character stops dead on the finish line with no AI kicking in. Its a mess.Dont waste your time here, this game is dead."
,Recommended,212480,10097910,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Pharaoh Atem,"I own this game on PS Vita and it's wicked fun! I've passed all the levels and am currently working on getting 4 star ratings for each level. I'm not bored of playing the same level a few times if necessary as it's always fast, fun and challenging! Multiplayer with friends always gets a few laughs."
,Recommended,212480,34646761,Posted: 31 August,all,HOLYONE,best cart racer out there
,Recommended,212480,20017007,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,SlightlyDan,"LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC, LIKE SONIC,"
,Recommended,212480,16198673,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,THEGOURMET,The best kart racing game since Mario Kart 64.
,Recommended,212480,30958907,Posted: 5 April,all,DXShadow20,"It's like mariokart but with Dreamcast/SEGA + some PC characters like tf2 and soccer manager like the trailer shows.There is still people playing multiplayer so nice more people to race is always good, it can be sometimes laggy but if your good enough it won't stop you from winning believe me already hit people then after like 2 seconds they react to the hit still won. xDGameplay is hell a fun , bots can be jerks alot, like instead of shooting in front of them to take out 1st place they will just instead make your life a pain by shooting you instead, and they like to push you out of the map as well just do the same no mercy.It's worth especialy if you can buy with 75% promotion totaly worth my 5€ . :)"
,Recommended,212480,33778599,Posted: 24 July,all,Cabby,"By far the best Kart Racing experience you will find on Steam.  This port is a bit iffy with a separate configuration menu and a few graphic issues on older hardware(honestly anything meeting minimum requirements has no issues from my experience, I bring this up only because of threads made in the Steam discussions about certain GPU’s), but aside from a quirk or two, it is a very solid PC port.Online multiplayer is fairly inactive at the time of writing this as the community has shrunk with age.  However, I still recommend this as this is one of those great titles that offers the ability to play split screen, with online, on PC.  I just wanna give props to Sega for not butchering this feature like many other console ports do.  Just about every portion of the game can be played in multi player versus/co op.The gameplay itself is enjoyable, though there are a few inconsistent spots here and there.  The stats on vehicles aren’t very well explained and imbalanced in their design(Boost stat is more important than just about every other stat, and will give you better speed overall over Top Speed stat).  Item pick ups don’t seem to have the best hit registration compared to their visual size, but over time it becomes a bit more predictable on how they act.The items are significantly less overpowering than other Kart racers, throwing away the “I went from 1st to 5th from a blue shell” scenario.  There is only one item really worth waiting in the back positions for, being the All Star item; in most scenarios, putting more effort into keeping a lead and taking static super pickups will give you a much better chance of winning than waiting on a random All Star pickup.  Although driving and track knowledge plays a bigger role in deciding victory’s than items do, there can still be moments of getting hit by a barrage of items, especially in single player where the AI tends to target human players over any particular position or valuable target.Where this game excels at is in its local/online multiplayer functionality and its overall presentation.  The graphics and art style are excellent, really showcasing some of Sega’s best character and setting designs.  The soundtrack compliments this as well, remixing both classic and new Sega game sounds in a respectable fashion.  Every song is matched in tempo to the theme you would expect with a racing game; given a EDM/DnB beat but still staying true to songs original scores.  As mentioned before, majority of the game can be played with multiplayer and local players can join online.I don’t usually do scaled scores, but I’m gonna try now.  I would give Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed a 3/5; it can feel a bit generic and wonky at times, but the game hits well on many aspects in general.  I would recommend it more, but SART can feel a bit on the generic side.  I would only give this game a spectacular recommendation on the grounds that it is the best kart racer on Steam in my opinion.  It doesn’t have much in terms of competition on the store, but it is still a solid game on its own, and certainly a must-buy for any local PC gaming fanatic."
,Recommended,212480,18837035,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,o-|==>-CheezWarrior-<==|-o,"Suppose i'll be the first to review in the open, i'm going to be a sport and say 4/5.It's a well presented game that is really well optimised.Real go getter for avid sonic fans, the soundtracks are very true so sonic of our spined friend's original days.Controls are a breeze, lovely colourful backgrounds and variation in gameplay that will keep you on you're toes, there's unlockables and achievements to be had based on player skill and lots of challenges for the player to attempt, a large selection of alternative game modes and above all else, it's fun.If you buy this one, i would have to say that if you don't quite get onboard with being hit with a rocket when you're in the lead, might be best going for another one, but as far as competive racing games go, i like it.Graphics : 4/5Great designs on maps although, visually nice to see, however, the wave textures are a little sloppy and at times they can interfere with control, though this is something that isn't that much of a problem.Sound : 4/5Decent, stereo sound tracks that display a little creativity on some original work of the previous sonic games, voice cast is those of familiar faces.Gameplay : 3/5Only discernable letdown is that there isn't an option for online grad prix modes, though there is plenty of room for exploration and a mountain of power-ups to gain the upper hand in races, help text is also shown between loading screens that will inform newcomers to a set weapon's function, over all a decently balanced expierience."
,Recommended,212480,27078959,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,The Original Pickle Tickler,One of the best racers of all time i have this on every platform and it never gets old.  The addition pc characters like Pyro increases the fun and the maps are challenging.10/10  even offline play is fun.
,Recommended,212480,8038918,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,admin potter,קולי & נעלי אולסטר במירוץ משתנה
,Recommended,212480,7958567,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Ult,"This is without a doubt THE best Mario Kart since the days of Diddy Kong Racing and CTR. But what I want to talk about most is the optimization.My (old) computer was not that great. And I bought this game thinking that I wasn't going to be able to do local multiplayer. However, I was suprised when it turned out that I could have four people playing at the same time ON highest settings AT 60 FPS! Holy Sh*t (there are children here). Sumo Digital idk what you guys did but you have outdone yourselves. Good job and continue to make great games."
,Recommended,212480,9791163,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Xeinok,"Don't let the ""Sonic"" confuse you - this is the secret best kart racing game on Steam.  WAY more Sega characters than just Sonic furry-bait.  Relive Mario Kart days online with a bunch of friends local or online.  Can't recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,212480,23256298,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Rain,"Really well made racing game, basicly mario kart but with sega instead."
,Recommended,212480,6861501,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Sucy,you must buy it
,Recommended,212480,13110617,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Kaito Momota [DomDom],ITS SAAAAANIC IN A CAAAAAAAAAAR!Seems pretty legit to me.
76561198036666028,Recommended,212480,8271121,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cerc6,Its like mario Kart had sex wit a tonne of hentai girls and one got pregnant and♥♥♥♥♥♥this gem out oh and then tf2 spat on the gem so all in all well worth it
76561198055515519,Recommended,212480,20819008,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DigitalWanderer,Almost as good as Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,7985421,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Mayverick,bredy good i rate it 8/
,Recommended,212480,10349839,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Be Nice To Me,this♥♥♥♥♥♥is so buggy and broken its fun
76561198088742582,Recommended,212480,7939905,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Cuphead,Good and kewl game ever i rate dis to a 1000000000000000000000000 over 100000000000000000000
,Recommended,212480,7729175,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,λive9901,"Now, Sonix & All-Starz Racing Transformed may be one of the best kart racers out there. The game is Balanced and no Snaking is present in this game (♥♥♥♥ing Mario kart DS.) Many people may think this game is like Diddy Kong Racing, I'd say. Your Right to an extent. The characters in the game a lively and Fun. Great dynamic stages and on most all 3 forms are used. The game before this (Sonic All Stars Racing) Was a fun game but it had many flaws. I Feel that this game is great and is alot of fun. I Reccomend buying the Sonic Hits Collection. 29.99 for 10 Sonic games including some of sonics new games like Sonix Generation. A Great Buy and a Great game to play with friends."
,Recommended,212480,10174889,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Vinnie's Voices,"This is overall an amazing title. Quite possibly the best current gen kart racing game.The graphics are stunning, tracks are well made and not cliche. A healthy variety ofgame modes as well as unlockables to entice further gameplay. Splitscreen capablewhich is a plus. Only problem I've had is a few game crashes, but fortunately has onlybeen while loading, and NOT in a race.Breakdown: 7/10There was no tutorial, had to learn through trial and error. Also a few crashes.But a very solid hit. A game anyone can play and enjoy.EDIT (6/15/2014)S class difficulty can be more trouble than it's worth, it seems like the AI is scripted to harm you with weapons vs other AI, be it you are behind them or front. You are unable to make a single mistake if you wish to win on S class, not ot mention being hit by weapons over 3x can make it impossible to win unless you are able ot take a shortcut (not on every map) or get All-Star mode"
76561198124574209,Recommended,212480,23312553,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,vagd3str0y3r,"""Why the hell am I in a car?"" - Sanic, 2k08"
,Recommended,212480,31166052,Posted: 15 April,all,Gus,10/10
76561198105977901,Recommended,212480,12221965,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,MageCaster24™,its frakin fun and so amazing
,Recommended,212480,14031255,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Nano without a lolipop,░░░░░░░░▀▀▀██████▄▄▄░░░░░░▄▄▄▄▄░░█████████▄░░░░░▀▀▀▀█████▌░▀▐▄░▀▐█░░░▀▀█████▄▄░▀██████▄██░░░▀▄▄▄▄▄░░▀▀█▄▀█════█▀░░░░░░░░▀▀▀▄░░▀▀███░▀░░░░░░▄▄░░░░░▄███▀▀██▄████████▄░▄▀▀▀██▌░░░██▀▄▄▄██▀▄███▀░▀▀████░░░░░▀█▄▄▀▀▀▄██▄▀▀▌████▒▒▒▒▒▒███░░░░▌▄▄▀▌░░░░▐▀████▐███▒▒▒▒▒▐██▌▀▄░░▄▀░░░▀▀████▒▒▒▒▄██▀░░▀▀░░░░░░▀▀█████████▀░░░░░░░░▄▄██▀██████▀█░░░░░░▄██▀░░░░░▀▀▀░░█░░░░░▄█░░░░░░░░░░░░░▐▌░▄▄▄▄█▌░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀█▄▄▄▄▀▀▄▌░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░▀▀▄▄▄▀
,Recommended,212480,7949374,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Misato Katsuragi,man i really love diddy kong racing
76561197992764918,Recommended,212480,17197802,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Rickityr3kt,"Excellent game! Better than Mario Kart 8 hands down. Bought this on launch on Wii U and vita back in 2012. This port is exceptional. The best way to play the game hands down, visuals are amazing! Soundtrack will blow your mind as well. I've only played this with a controller (Xbox 360) so I'm not sure how well people who use keyboards will like it. A must buy/play for any PC gamer looking for a kart racer."
,Recommended,212480,7933478,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,shromp,nyoom
,Recommended,212480,11175142,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mio,"Can't say enough about how awesome this game is! Still poses a challenge for adults, and yet easy enough for kids to play.The graphics are sweet, really improved over the previous Sega All stars game, sounds are great as always, and the gameplay is superb. At first I thought this was insanely difficult, and struggled to get 3 satrs on the first section of the game, but as I got used to the driving in this game, I started to really enjoy it. Just finished the ""World Tour"" section of the game, but still have a few things to unlock, and more stars to collect to do so. This, after playing most of it with my nephews - it's awesome how you can play the whole game local multiplayer, not just the multiplayer parts. Only spent about 13 hours in this game so far, but I expect it will be more like 30 hours before I can be happy I've exhausted it, and it'll most likely be something I'll pick up and play with others in months and years to come. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,7939334,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DJCHUBBZ,The little time I have in this game is amazing. It's like Mario Kart for PC. Great graphics and awesome with friends.
76561198030094739,Recommended,212480,9174656,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,SauerTrout,"Fun game.  Levels are cool, and I like it when they break apart lap after lap."
76561198106110406,Recommended,212480,9209347,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Xiodge,"Honestly - if you have a bit of doubt abotu this game, you are wrong. This game is 100% worth the price and the gameplay its completely wonderfull. The multiplayers is great and online gives a huge experience of fun.Please buy it, i beg you. Buy it and tell everyone to buy it."
,Recommended,212480,9251183,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,rest in peace donald trump,you go vroom with sonicyou go vroom with danica patrickyou go vroom with wreck-it-ralphwtf is goign on
,Recommended,212480,10863314,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Shadow the Hedgehog,"So much fun.The best Kart racer I've played, simple controls, mechanics that apply to all skill levels, transforming vehicles and a variety of colourful and imaginative tracks."
,Recommended,212480,7817970,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Cappi,Fun game to play with friends and family after many hours of work or play and had core game :D
,Recommended,212480,8263526,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Meta,"I dont normally like racing games but holy crap this game is amazing, it blows the doors off mario cart~! GET IT AND LETS RACE"
,Recommended,212480,7960384,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Domri Poo,I lovet his game.
,Recommended,212480,22522619,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,ThunderousThighs,Schizophrenic Mario-Kart
,Recommended,212480,645588,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Gathys,sonic racing lvl 2
76561198072309589,Recommended,212480,28990575,Posted: 3 January,all,Rumble420,HELL yeah
,Recommended,212480,29411080,Posted: 21 January,all,Magius1337,Good for a mario kart clone
,Recommended,212480,4263949,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,scafutto20,"Better than Mario Kart? Well, I say yes!VISUAL: 8GAMEPLAY: 10AUDIO: 9FUN: 10FINAL SCORE: 93"
,Recommended,212480,7943845,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Spooky Otagon,♥♥♥♥on shrek it up
,Recommended,212480,16880396,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Golden Boy,Team Fortress Kart Steam.
,Recommended,212480,8708178,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,obs0lete,"No word of a lie, this game is awesome. A serious step up from the original game.The level design is superb, it's been a long time since I've been impressed with a racing games levels (F-Zero GX being the last).Only complaint I have is that the weapons feel a little stale, but to be honest, that doesn't bother me when I'm laughing at my mate as I cross the finish line."
76561198046600639,Recommended,212480,10953055,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Orangatang Oscar,Great game for Sonic Lovers!
76561198045735996,Recommended,212480,17814172,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Beautiful Gorgeous,Can never get tired of this game!
,Recommended,212480,17657927,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Qwerety,really want this.
76561198182978835,Recommended,212480,18813584,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,riversidehouse2,i can not play sonic & all stars racing transformed i can play sonic & sega all stars racing but not sonic & all stars racing transformed
76561198060396602,Recommended,212480,10943526,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,EFA,"well nice game, my daughter likes this game!he is the best for fine holding time."
,Recommended,212480,12853645,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Shin,Epic game which epic logic . I was in the last place and then just use some skills to get to 1st place.
,Recommended,212480,7934561,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ade,"Bit of a crappy port, but fun with friends. Mario kart on the PC."
,Recommended,212480,14174204,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,hypomaniac,"This game is fantastic value, The graphics are gorgeous for something as simple as a kart racer, The tracks are inventive creative fun and surprising and the sound track is just ""fun"" enough to not get on your nerves.Fantastic fun and refreshment from more serious games. Even my wife is had fun playing it.Works great with Xbox360 wireless controller."
,Recommended,212480,8241406,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,MexThunder,"So I guess it is time, I am back in that depressive mood where all I can feel is that I really want to do some intensive typing to some equally intensive music, this Topsy-turvy feeling brings on the mood to review a game! And today my scrutinising eye has befallen Sonic and all-stars Racing Transformed. This game was a questionable buy when I first bought it, with my first opinions being: Mario clone. This game is not anything like Mariokart. I can say that for a start, it is a nice peer into the possiblities of racing games, this game has pretty much every character you could think to belong in an internet meme regarding childhood! Even after my first race I was drawn in to the difficult racing style, it is a hard one to get used to at first, but learning the tricks such as how to do tricks effectively to eventually get enough speed to pass that speedy blue dude.As Wreck-It-Ralph is my favourite movie of all time currently It was a very nice pleaseure to play as him, and his boat, and his Helicopter, Ok so this game makes no vehicular sense, but still! Mario fought for at least 10 years against a Turtle then went racing with him. Point proven?Anyhow, back to the game. It is an adventure to say the least, the progression is nice and the necessities such as going out of your way to get coins seem a bit out of place as all you can do with them are gamble them away, I never really had enough to do so as I was always in first, so never really bothered! Another thing is the map design, it is superb! Whilst the Mario kart map design was mainly Road, Road, Road, GIANT MONSTER, Road, Road. But the difference is smart in this game, Due to the fact that the maps feature compulsory bits where you Fly and Sail around the map and dodge giant monsters and scenery, it adds some finesse, it means that the maps are always chaning from Laps 1-3 the map changes with every rotation which is very fun to play around with.This game is by far one of my favourite Racing games of this year not much considering the fact it is one of the only ones. Consider this one, the only downside is the slightly wasted features and learning curve, once climbed make this a rewarding and exciting racing game which peered into my Childhood in terms of characters."
,Recommended,212480,10962834,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Derisotre,"Get a controller, I am using a Logitech F710. This game is great and fun."
,Recommended,212480,1599156,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Senor,"On the surface, this looks like a generic Mario Kart rip-off starring lame Sonic characters. Actually play the game and you'll find it's a fast-paced, exacting racer. Despite the name, there are only 6 Sonic characters here. The remaining 20 or so come from all over the place, and some characters aren't even owned by Sega. Characters include Aiai from Super Monkey Ball, Wreck-It Ralph from that cool Disney movie, and the Heavy from Team Fortress 2. The selection available is pretty crazy.The character and stage selection in this game takes a page out of the ""Super Smash Bros."" playbook: many obscure and retro Sega franchises make great appearences here. This is all on top of an arcade racing game that's much more interesting than recent Mario Kart games.The graphics are great, the transformation gameplay keeps things fresh, and the game is just downright fun to play. I thought the previous Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing game provided some stiff competition to Mario Kart. This one blows Mario Kart out of the water."
,Recommended,212480,8134084,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cras,This game is just too much fun.   I totally recommend this.
,Recommended,212480,7958356,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Dong,Do you like Mario Kart? How about Sega characters? Best kart racing game.
,Recommended,212480,10343704,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,✪Carbine,"This is a fantastic game, i played the whole campaign with my mate and has great graphics that arent too demanding. I wish more played online though. But the single player was good enough for me to buy the game."
,Recommended,212480,19585947,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,AngelicHowl,"Really fun game, with the esception that is it's expert difficulty, looking at the stats of all characters it makes no sense, that going in a straight  line, they go faster than you, and accelerate in a nonsensical way when you're at the finish line. I would have preffered that the NiGHTS characters had a better vehicle also, but otherwise it's a great game, prepare to rage also.8.7/10"
,Recommended,212480,21782805,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,KingWaffles101,"Where to start off?Look, man, this game- it ain't even a game; it's pure art. When I first saw this game, I thought to myself, ""Lemme buy et, lol."". Little did I know that as I played through this revolutionary game, playing as best character, General Winter, it would forever change my pathetic life. Ţhaņk̛s̴ to̵ ͏S̸o̸n̕ic & ͡A͡l̵l-S̶t͏a͜rs R̵acing ̀Tra͠n͜sforme̡d™̸,̴ ̧Í ͟am ̵not̀͝ t̶̢̡h̸̴e͘ ̴͠r͞e̡҉t҉̛͞a̸͝r̷d̢͘͠ ̢͟s̡̡itt̨̕͘i͝n͝g̨ ̀͟͜l̕͜i͘͟v̧̀i̕ǹ̕g̶͞ ̀͢i͠n̢̕ ͟t̶̢h̸̨e҉ b̴̨ą͜se̵m҉̛̀eņ͝t,̶͝͏ ̡͞i̕n̵s̸̶te̢͘͘a͡d̴̢,̶ ͜I̴ ҉̧a̛m̶̸̷̕͞ ̸̶̴̵́t̀͢h̶̡̕҉e̶̴͘ ̛̀͟͟͠ǫ̨̢̨͞n̶̷è͘ ̛̀á̵̸̢ń̨̛̀̀d͘͟͞ ͘͘͝o̴̴̧͘n͏̨́̕l̷y̴͜͞͝,̸҉ ͞͝B̶̢͞i͏͝l͡҉͞l̵̶̕͞͝ ̴̶̛͘͡G̸̛͢͟a̵͞t̷͘͜͞e̴̛͟͝͞s͜͝.̷̨̨̕͠ ͘҉͏̶Y̴͞o̵̶u̶̢̨͡͝'͜҉d̨̛́͟͢ ̵̵̧̧t̶́͘͜h̵̵̡̕͠ì͢͠n̨͘k̴̴ ̷̡̨͝͏Ì̸̴'̷̕͡͏d̢͞ ̴̴̛̛͢b̛͘͟͠e̴͏ ̧҉ķ̕͝i҉̵d̴̷d͟͟͟į̴̷͟n̛͜͟͡ǵ̨̕͘.̷̛̮̥̱̳̭̯̳͖̦͎̼͜.̴̨͉̫̻͈͟ ͕́͟ͅY͉̲̹̯͍̪͝͡o̴͓̻̘̺̹̥̜͢u̴̪̺̭̲͕̫̟͕͡ͅ ̶̟̜̟̝̹͙̲͙͓́w̦̙̠̤̼̩̼a͓͚͘̕͠n͖̣̞̟̱t̨͏̲̥͇̠̣̫̖͠ ̵̼̼̬̟̲t̴͓͓̗̳o͍͚̝͓̜̳̺̱ ̸̦͖̱͚̯̻͓̳t̡͉̘̘̰̖̫̫̬h̶͖̹̥͇͚i̸̳̗̞͉̗̲̬̙͢n̸̻̙͙̯̬͕̼ͅk̹̥̦̬ ̝̝͍͉̥͘͢͜Ḭ̗͈͔̪̟ͅ ̶̭̟̤̲̻͔͈̹̮a̵̴̝m̻̭̖̹̭̦̱̀́͘ ͓͔l̻͔̺̹̖̻̼̣̙y̡̗̫̼͖̤͇̠͕i̳̣͈̺͖͔n̯̕g͙͍̝̩͜ͅ,͔͙̱͞ ̛̻̜̰̭͡b̴̶̲̘̝̪̹̦͓̕ư͏̪̮͓̖̯̫̯ͅt̡͍̳̲̪͚͖ ̢̧͕̜͖̮̟̞͓I͉͎͝͡ ̫̳͔̯͓̬͟ͅͅa̰̞̠̺̭͖͕͢m̤͖͕̱͉ ̸̧̫̱̭̕n̡͕̘o̝͉̺͕̹̘͡t̛̺̟͍͍̻͇̹́̀.͕̼̜̤͖̭̤͢͡ ̴̩̤̯͙̞̺̮͎G̙̮ơ̶̯̳̥͉̼͕͖͡ ̷̳̘͍̥͈̲͍̕a̮͖̰ḥ̯̭͈́e̷̛̜a͔͈̥̩̘͢͡d̼̞̩̹̪̯́͜͢ ̷̲̳̲͉͟a̭̠̠̦̣̗̗̪̻ń̵̹̜d̸̗̬͇̳͍͝͞ ̝̱̟̮̮ͅb͙̗͔͍͕͟͟u̧̯̩y̟̝͚̮̻͚ ̸̤͚͟ṯ̢̪̼̦̬̘͇̗̹̖̯͍̻̯̦̗̞͟ͅh̢̞̣͖͖̻́͟͡͠ͅị̸̴̛̙͔͈̯̜̤͚̀͞s̸̢̫̞͙̭͡ ͏̵̟̬̲̩͘͟á̡̧͕̘̠̭̙̙͖̞̩͎͉̥͕̮̟̀͟ͅw̶̧͉̲̳̼̩ę̶̸̶̝̯͇̯̜̫̕s̵͓̖͇̫̪̙͚̻̯̰̲͈̠̲̬̘̻͔͜ͅo̴̡͙͇͖͓̤̻̦͕̯̣̜̻͓̝͕̙̺͉͉̕m̧̨͖͕̯͍̥̹̩͘͡e̡̛̛͍̞̼͈̗̣͔̲͖͙̲̗̤̬̦̩ ̷͏̷̧̩͍͍̱̻̘̰̩͕̻̪̺̝͓͍̺̲͡ǵ̤͔͔̝̠͇̪̬͖̞̳̠̱͝ͅạ̶̴͎̬͔̣̻̠͟ͅͅm̨̩̣̼̯̠̩̪̺̰̟͈̦̗ȩ̷̛̗̳͖̰̣͇̟̗̯̻̜̱̹̰͇̳͖̳͠ ҉̗̬̣͖͙̜̰̟̺̣͍á͕̘̦͙̕n̸̢̧̳̲͈͚̪̯̥̪̜͖͍̻͖̳̗̣d҉̵̠͈̜͓̙͞ ́͞҉͈̺̫̝̻̝̻̪̙̱̜̗̳b̼͇̫̩̭̹̩̭́e͟͞͏̴̦̳̩̻̠̤h̪̥͍̲̰̜̗̭̻̙̩̬̩̻̜̻̬̺́̕͢͠ǫ̡͉͇̼̖̪͍̣̦̫̘̰͖̟̭̩͢͠l̶̷̠̫͙̯͞d̜̞̖̖̗̭͔͙̬̞̰̖͈̪̜͜͞͞ ̵̢̛̜̙̰̖̻̝͔̘̗͇̜͎w̸̦͔̘̰͔̻̹̮͎͖̳͈̖͠ḩ̢͍͔̥̲͎̜͖̬͟͠ͅạ̸̹̫͎̤͇̟͘͞t̛̠͇̥̼̤̭̹͍̹̺͙̖́́͟͠ ͖͚̬͔̯͔̜̠͇̰̬̲̪͇̹͉́̀͜͞ͅì̴̢͈͍̭̝̤͔̭̙̘̹̟̜̘̩t̀͞͏҉̵̳͇̠̯͉̮̦̯ ̸҉͈͍͓͖͚͍͎̠̻́͜h͏̸͖̦̝̰̖͘a̶̢̱̜̪͉̙̤̮̱̰͓̫̞̮̠͍͘͞͡s͙̙̥̳̪̼͉̻̜̻̥̰̩̤̮͚̩̘̀̀̀̕͢ ̢̪̲͕̳̮̩͡ǵ̴̛̝̰͚͝i̼̬̱͇̫͟͞ͅv̴̷̺̥̺͢ͅe̢̨͓̭̻͇̞͙̲͚͖͔̭̣̳̹n̴̡̩̦̩̕͜ ̲̖̝̼̗̰̻͜͝ͅy̛̩̦̱̫͖̣̺̬̗͖̯͞͝o̴̝̟̗͙͔͉͟͡ù̸҉̝̫͔͓͙.̷̭͉̩̥̤͎̖̩̬͎̝͍͕̣͈̝̭̠͝ͅ.̷̨̗͚͉̳̱̘͖̫̘͟͞͡Th̴̛̕at͟'̸s̴̢͝ o͜͏d̨d̶͟ ̧͜͞I ̢͞d̶o͏̨n̴͡'̨t ͝r͞͏̶e̢͝-̷͢Ớ̯̲̬̍́͝M̸͇͎̬̭̱͇̪ͪ̒̈̈̿Ǵ̱͕̱͑̑̎̐̍͆ͬ̕͢ ̸̷̡̥͔̯̰͉̖̑͛͂̓͋̓͐H̶͙̞̩̞̹͍͉͌ͣ̓ͤ̓̃E̢͚͓͓̝̯̗̙̻̔̂ͅL͚̲̻͓͓̍̇ͥ̀ͦ̇̍ͬͮ́̀͜P̧̻͉̠̭̥̯͒ͭ͌ͣ͝ ͇̤̙͍̑͜͡S̬͖̱͋̓̓ͬ́͗̾͋́Ç̝̯̜̦͔͈͙̏ͪA̋̈́ͩ͗̌̅̋͊͏͓͓͙̦͈̦̣̘Ŗ̬̰̙͔̼̆̉͡ͅY̧̮̌ͧ̀ͧͣͥ̐̔̕ ̧̛̺̣̼̖͎ͯ̑ͥͯ͂G̵̵ͩ͐̀̆ͬ̚̚҉̰̣̘̰̣͍U̡̢̗̼̺͕̮̳̹̗̤̒̓̎͑̉̽Ý͈͈̹ ̛̹͕͍̳̬̺̘̫ͦ́̓ͅI͑͛̈͏̶̼'͎̯͈͈̖͎̇̂̀ͧM͎̲͛͗̒͂ͫ̽͛̕͜͠ ̵̶̰̘̊̅I̮͊̄ͯ̈́̒͛ͬ́͞N̖͈͚̼̭͈͎̞ͥ̒̉ͭͧ͋ ̧͍̱͈͉̝͓̥̩̅M̩̭̣̌ͫͯͪ̽͋̕C̨̞̻̟͙̿̅̐ͬ̔̄̇̽ͤD̷̷͎̞̤̣̝͖̩͉̋̉̅͌͛ͥ͜O̩ͦ͂ͦ̇N̰̖̹̟̤̏͐̍̈́ͦ͛͐ͨ͝A̟͓̼ͦͬͫ̀L̷̪̤̙͖̻ͮͭͮ̌͜͞DS̨̢̥̜̐ͧ͊́ ̵̹͐͊͒̌͊̐̐͛̂͝H̠́E̙͎̻͙̜̅̍̊ͫ̐E͕͖͛̽̓͑̿̈E̓͊͏͏̞͈͖̮͚̖̳̲̘L̶̤̜̗͔̠̹̗͔̄̌̌͐̇ͅṔ͚͓ͭͧͩ̊̓̔͌ͅ                H̸̴̬̹̘͙͇͓͓̼̩͖̪̣̳̪̯ͬ̅̾̐ͭe̟̠͙̞̫̯̩̰͔̠̐̇̍͂́͝ļ̶̭̤͖͍͖̭͕̙͚̥̜̗̤̤̗̦ͦͯͭ͐͗͛͋̇ͧ̄ͥͥͤ̂̿͋̀l̐͑̀̈̒͝҉̵͏͎̹̰͚͖̥̝͇̗̲͉̺̘̳̮̘̝̟̬ȏ̶̧̡̜̼̰͙̱͓͍͔̤̳̤̿ͧ̈́ͬ͌ͪ̈̅͂ͮ̎̌͐̊̈̂"
76561198071474162,Recommended,212480,7943017,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Mystic,"I could write a novel about why this game is one of the best kart racers out that rivals Mario kart (You heard me!) This game has so much to do, here is a few of the many things:* Campaign mode with plenty of rewards and challanges (and legnthy one at that!)* Online multiplay with plenty of diffrent modes* Varying stages taking place in many different sega worlds* A huge cast of characters to unlock and level up as well as all being balanced meaning you can play as any one of them and win!These were a few of the things in this game and for the £14.99 priced you would be saving alot of money over the next mario kart, 10/10 Buy now!"
,Recommended,212480,11605373,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Berry❤,"Fairly fun game, though it's essentially just Mario Kart with different characters and different levels. Considering Mario Kart 8 introduced airborne parts of levels (though this game beat it to that) the similarities are still growing.The power ups are essentially the same (mushroom -> boost, banana -> blowfish, green shell -> firework, red shell -> drone and the swarm is pretty comparative to the blue shell). The tracks being riddled with crazy deathpits and booster pads really doesn't help the similarities, not to mention the easiest and best way to get ahead is drifting at every opportunity to get a boost.Otherwise? It's a fun game. It does what it's meant to, and there's a lot of offline things to keep just about anybody busy. The amount of unlockables is amazing for anyone really into the game, or really into collectables and the customization gameplay-wise is more than enough for anyone to find a nice play-style to fit their personal niche.Online play isn't exactly common though, often at times of the day there are 0 lobbies running to join, and I often found random disconnections in the middle of a game aren't fun. On the plus side, there was only often one game running so you'd soon be back in the next race with the same people.The inclusion of old classics is a very nice homage to the other things Sonic Team has created, as well.Overall: 8.5/10It's mario kart.. But sonic?"
76561198080602071,Recommended,212480,24335748,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Kira Von Black (JOOJKIIK),"okay okay... let's start shall we?!First and foremost,lemme warn you: it looks,and it feels like Mario Kart in some aspects, but it is NOT Mario Kart, so if you were looking for a game of luck(and why should you? i may ask)... look somewhere else...This game Rewards Skill over Item usage, and i must say it is a whole much better and different beast for it. you need to know when to drift,where to drift, and pratice. it is easy to go for a small casual playtrough, but hard to master, and i mean it.so, yes, you need to keep your eyes on the road at all times, a thing that i was missiing from today's karting genre... they were predictable at beast, and you could do any turn without releasing the throtle, in this game... you need to brake... (ooooh) and Drift when necessary... and oh boy this game rewards Drift... a LOT.The Cars act like cars instead of Karts, so you gotta keep that in mind... The planes act like planes, and this can trow people off, but for me, that play jet fighter games, is a nice adiction, and boats... well... act like boats, and you can trick on the waves for a little boost on speed if you're good enough... but water drift... for me... is kinda butterish, if you know what i mean...So... with this said...-Pros:-20 Sega characters from lots of games... a great game if you are a Sega Fan...  (i miss Alis from Phantasy Star,but this is just me...)-The vehicles look like vehicles and they are Badass in design, especially the Ryo's Ferrari like car, and of course the Speed star (Sonic's Vehicle)... the ones that look like cars become kinda cartoonish when they transform,but meh... i like the car froms... what can i say... the Planes... i personally like the MIG-21 like fighter jet from the special Team Fortress team...- The tracks are creative and they demand you learn braking points,drifting points, and every corner. it is great for a racing fan like me, that rage like hell, when some games adopt some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t mechanic of ""not releasing the throtle"", so no casual fans... you won't be with your foot stuck on the gas at all times... and this is a better game for it.-An extensive carrer mode,and a painless casual playtrough... for the hardcore fans like me... it can turn into a nightmare goin' for 100%... but well... i cannot complain since i asked for it...-Fun grand prix modes and a very competitive online mode... i was surprised to see the online competition was fiercer than ever...-The car acts like a Car, so no shady mechanics of drift boost while stopped or all that jazz of Mario Kart(Sorry Funky Kong and all the players that love him, but for the love of god, that technique of Stand still drift is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T in my opnion), if you hit something, you will need to accelerate to the max speed again. so this game rewards skill over item usage.-Skill over item usage. this is not a game where you will spam blue shells up and down and all arround, and might i remind you that this mechanic of Mario Kart is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T and what kills that game for me. here, all items serve a propouse and excluding the super star moves that are not harmfull to the first place unless you are fighting for it when you get it (hard,but happens), all are balanced,and needs strategic thinking to use. heck... even the super-star moves aren't game braking, or field equalizers, so yes... you need to have skill to come in first.-Easy to get into. hard to master.Cons:-Boat mechanics are kinda iffy and water drifts are butterish... i don't like it... but this is me...-5 or 6 DLC thingys and tracks... for a game like this i think it should come as unlockables... because well... if i wanna get my friends over to play with me, i want everything on the game so they can enjoy it too... but i digress-the carrer mode is... ""too long""... but it is a minor nitpick of mine... again... this is a thing that i asked for... so i digress...-Announcer is  annoying... (and yes i muted him off... sue me... i guess he is homeless now because of *SPOILERS* but i digress)Final Veredict: 8.5/10i had a good time,and the game is fun, with a lot of content. but still, if had potential to be more, so i kinda wished SEGA worked it to its full potential. it had potential to be a 10/10... but the DLC pratice for this kinda of game i cannot accept. and the Boat Butterish mechanics is what kills some water based tracks for me,but it is only me..."
,Recommended,212480,23808305,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Lawrence Ayala,"Great game! I bought this one instead of the first one because of the graphics. You could use a controller with this one but I use my keyboard and it's not hard at all. Just use shift, spacebar, arrow keys, and E. I recommend this game for anyone."
,Recommended,212480,23351838,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Socratan,The closest thing you'll get to Mario Kart on PC. 8.8/10.
,Recommended,212480,8726267,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,BUTTRUSH OMEGA,"I bought the Sonic Collection Bundle and didn't expect this game to be any good.After a single try I knew it was a great racing game. It has the quality you would expect from Mario Kart. Some of the characters were kind of weird choices but non of them are really terrible. The main thing I like about the game is that it turns from normal kart racing to airplane racing to boat racing. It's flaws like any other game but they're pretty ignorable.Overrall, I'd give it a solid 8/10"
,Recommended,212480,30741956,Posted: 25 March,all,Dragonfang,"Great Game, wonderful gameplay and lots of content."
,Recommended,212480,1932899,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Candy Van,"Surprisingly solid kart racer with detailed and varied tracks, and a whole slew of great SEGA characters.Transforming mechanic is smooth and only adds to the gameplay.A must buy for any kart racing fans."
,Recommended,212480,33006314,Posted: 29 June,all,EvoChalna,"Good game, recommend this to people who don't love Mario"
76561198120660330,Recommended,212480,32852805,Posted: 27 June,all,Sigma,GtG fast m8 I r8 8/8
,Recommended,212480,18540512,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,xDeaDp00lSLasHx,The Wubs. You Cant Stop The Games Wubbed Up SoundTrack!
,Recommended,212480,20735785,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Unregistered Hypercam 2,NOT THE BEES!bees outta 10
76561198103957404,Recommended,212480,25527511,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,AGENTRY,..
76561198120953484,Recommended,212480,22466402,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Dancraft41,Tails apologizes for running into a wall. 11/10
,Recommended,212480,10905842,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,be nice to me i have autism,"The cheeriest, vibrant, most colourful, expansive, massive, dynamic and fun kart racing game.Ever.Oh- and it looks amazing and runs perfectly, too."
76561197973918016,Recommended,212480,11676162,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,scruffyrico,LOVE IT!!!
76561197981308676,Recommended,212480,7971262,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,John's Myth,"I'm not sure why sonic feels the need to own a car but It's a pretty fun racer just the same.It even has tips on which buttons on your xbox controller to press during the loading screen.edit:That was harsh, It's a very pretty game with a great sound track.It's very sonic in that it has lots of loops in the road and I like the customising of lvled up characters."
,Recommended,212480,7960832,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Cuckhead,"So, I decided to buy this game after one of my friends did since I saw it onsale for $4.99, and lemme tell you, it may not look good, but it's very fun xD. I've had more fun than I thouhgt I would with this game, it goes onsale alot, I'd suggest you buy this game when ever it goes on sale!"
,Recommended,212480,10228096,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,DJane,"I am Not even a race fan, but you will actualy enjoy this game"
,Recommended,212480,20707548,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Prowler™,"Unlike other kart racing games sucess here is entirely down to your own ability.You can counter every powerup with a correctly timed manouver.The weapons all feel fair and nothing is over powering...unless Eggman gets his all-star.Ai does not cheat. It really does not, once you learn a course and dust an expert Ai it will never catch you again.The only issue is jet mode makes most weapons useless. However you can catch boosts off everything as the jet.I wish it got more support from Sega since the game is just a blast."
76561197995072611,Recommended,212480,14376868,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,THEKOOKYBOY,QTE!
76561198155182693,Recommended,212480,28169031,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Fat_Pikachu,noice
,Recommended,212480,9096525,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,ANIMEHITLER,"This is potentially the best kart racer ever made. It's a beautiful, fun and fast-paced game with great music, great characters, excellent race tracks and a unique gameplay concept. This is not just like any other kart racer, in this game you race with cars that turn into boats and airplanes in the middle of the race. These transformations are seamless and intuitive. All the vehicle types have their own unique handling, but at the same time feel similar enough to each other that it doesn't cause any disorientation. No matter which form you're driving, all the vehicles control perfectly. Rather unlike the luck-based whimsy of Mario Kart, the game is highly rewarding to skilled players; many of the items can be used strategically to attack or defend yourself from opponents' attacks, and there are even ways to evade attacks with homing items when one is unarmed. Snaking is not a terribly useful tactic in this game as it's very difficult to link multiple drifts across a straight. The game is more centered around thoughtful planning of boost charging and risk management.There is a huge variety of game modes and lots of single player content to enjoy. You can go through the World Tour to unlock new characters and tracks, or play through the Grand Prix for a more streamlined experience. There are also multiplayer battle arenas with their own modes such as deathmatch, king of the hill or capture the flag (or ""capture the chao"" in this case). The gameplay holds true to Sonic's namesake as the vehicles move quite fast and the PC version moves along at a perfectly smooth 60 FPS, although it can reach even higher framerates at times.There is a TON of Sega fanservice in this game, and you can telll the people who made this are really passionate about Sega's history. The characters and tracks are pulled from a large variety of Sega's franchises (such as Sonic, Super Monkey Ball, Space Channel 5, Crazy Taxi, NiGHTs, Jet Set Radio, Golden Axe and even Skies of Arcadia). On top of that there are many interesting guest characters in the game, such as Wreck-It Ralph from the Disney movie of the same name, and Danica Patrick, whom Sega is sponsoring in NASCAR. Not only that but the PC version gets several exclusive characters such as General Winter from Company of Heroes II, the Shogun from Total War: Shogun, Willemus from Total War: Rome II, and the Team Fortress 2 guys. More DLC characters are on the way as well, as Ryo Hazuki from Shenmue is already available to purchase from the store.If you fancy yourself a fan of racing games, or just fun lighthearted multiplayer games in general, you will do yourself a great favor by picking this up."
,Recommended,212480,8663289,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Niclas,Really addictive! you can race alot with anyone of any age! =)
,Recommended,212480,7983266,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,xxx,i reccomend this game for just arcade game... cause i think is game is about just racing...
76561198055490600,Recommended,212480,7943249,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Chubs,Yes.
,Recommended,212480,7928915,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Wormsguy,Excelente jogo! Para quem gosta de um multiplayer divertido e competitivo.
,Recommended,212480,14049040,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Motol,"Really wish more people played this onlineif you like sega get itif you like kart racers get itif you like going fast get it+Stages are really great. Pretty to look at, a lot of stages that represent old sega IPs.+Good soundtrack+decent roster-at the same time the roster is kind of lack luster if you think about it-items are uncreative and boring compared to other kart racing games+drift mechanics are great-plane controls take some getting used to"
,Recommended,212480,15799248,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Vagaldindo,Mario kart what?
,Recommended,212480,17883563,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Kryyss,"It's hard to know where to start with saying how great a game this is. So lets start with a comparison. Mario Kart. Any version of it, as it doesn't matter.What SEGA has done here is basically what would happen if you injected even more personality and style into a Mario Kart game. Now fair enough, Nintendo hasn't done an All-Stars karting game which means they've got a far more narrow selection of recognisable characters but frankly after seeing what SEGA is doing it makes me wonder why they've not tried to follow suit.As far as racing games go, this is clearly arcade style. You won't see a vast difference between drivers here and all you need to do is master powersliding and you'll be getting the best lap times with ease. The blistering speed of the game actually means, however, that you need quick reflexes rather than controlling your speed since you'll have your finger on the accelerator almost all the time. With the game pelting along at high-gear you frequently get those 'blink and you'll miss it' corners and chicanes which cause you to lose speed unless you're paying attention and react in time.The game really shines when you have some friends over the house for multiplayer games. The design of the tracks lend themselves well to split-screen as you can clearly see where you are going. You have a variety of multiplayer modes although the Arena's are somewhat lacking compared to what you had in Mario Kart. What Sonic All-Stars Transformed does best is racing and it does it very. very well.SEGA is taking far too long producing a sequel. :)"
,Recommended,212480,32700845,Posted: 23 June,all,Deku,Mario Kart but better
,Recommended,212480,33181855,Posted: 3 July,all,I LIKE ANIME GIRLS,kontol beli ginian cuma ada 4 map ngentot
,Recommended,212480,3638584,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,EvilHom3r,GOTTA RACE FAST
76561198132272478,Recommended,212480,10207734,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,SoraX,awsome
,Recommended,212480,33603438,Posted: 17 July,all,WIZ_007,good
,Recommended,212480,20975065,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Nono5551212,Wow.This game is awesome. Everything one could want in a Kart game.
,Recommended,212480,21014806,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Silvast,Did you enjoy playing Mario Kart but don't have a Nintendo console anymore?Get this game.
,Recommended,212480,7964655,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Aseinsha,"FUN FUN FUN. LOCAL CO-OP IS REAL FUN. Wish there was just more of everything, more tracks, more racers, come on Sega release some content!"
,Recommended,212480,30266410,Posted: 1 March,all,cwgtempel,Love this game
,Recommended,212480,31385384,Posted: 26 April,all,Chainfire,Solid competitor to the Mario Kart series !!!
,Recommended,212480,19356760,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,⚜TwilightThorn⚜ (PlushB),"The game is great fun the Textures, Sounds, Shaders, FX and the motible advant chouse and moltiplayer finaly now you can race your friends and thay still add the split screen that a big score but there's a few downers about this one compered to the original game1. The turnting system when you don't have a item you can turnt players by doing a funny pose2. The stunt system er the stunts are fine in this game but in the orignal version your play will jump on the hood of your car or do a hand stand or a pose ect.3. i fell that there less playerble charicters and its sopose to be sega all stars yer there go some poeple for the last game but i miss mobo bomo the robber brothers and the two kirate guys that drive the super car and the strange mouse and the big cat it just seems there there less classic charicters and i would love it if thay add the players for the last game into this one (with out having to pay for them as a DLC)4. i don't know i some people will agree but i would like to have a custom stage system were you can chouse if you what the trace to be Land, Sea or Air yer i like the car transforming but i would like to have a race on trace were it's like all car or all sea or all airso i'm not saying the all bad like a said the graphics is great comperd to the original game i'm just say i would love this game more if thay did some of thows 4 thingmy overall score 8.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,15480947,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Hunter,Sonic The Hedgehog and Playstation All-Stars Battle Royale Racing Transformers Rollout & Knuckles featuring Dante from the Devil May Cry series is a pretty good game.
,Recommended,212480,15420472,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,LOVE this game! Awesome to race against friends and I compare it like a modern day mario cart. It's really good
,Recommended,212480,7934097,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Xibster,"After playing Mario Kart Wii for about 3 years...this game surpasses that game...Cons:Not enough maps, gamemodes, and other extras"
76561198057063556,Recommended,212480,7978685,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,~xXMaster SashimiXx~,such a fun racing game with wonderful graphics and music!...id reccomend it!...only down side is that it could use more tracks and characters...but its still a very nice game!
76561198057682487,Recommended,212480,10753042,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Patrick Star,Suprisingly a really fun game. It's mariocart x10
76561198142011456,Recommended,212480,32791858,Posted: 25 June,all,Rawdy plays,An amazing gamePros:Makes the old game look ridiculousGreat graphics even on lowest settingsRuns on old computersNot pay to win like mobile free versionGood dlcGood gameplayGood physicsDrifting boostsHidden triple powerupsCons:Hard to get used toNo tutorial
,Recommended,212480,32792891,Posted: 25 June,all,EmberTiger,Mario Kart with Sega/TF2 characters. Fun if you have people to play with.
,Recommended,212480,7970868,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Function_Fn,Amazing i luv this game.
,Recommended,212480,10231470,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,pooker,Pretty fun racing against your friends.... if you have any. :(
76561198025309758,Recommended,212480,28770716,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,CptnAnarchy,The best Kart Racer on Steam.
76561198022368071,Not Recommended,212480,33777227,Posted: 24 July,all,Redsarcov,"So after booting the game for the FIRST time I was greeted with a lovely error message ""ASN_App_PcDx9_Final.exe has stopped working"".The FIX for this issue was simply adjusting the resolution in the settings launcher and it took me 3 minutes to figure out this fix. I'd like to see this problem fixed so others don't face the same issue over and over.So I will not recommend this game until it is fixed.That being said, the game is a lot of fun with friends and through solo play. This game is essentially Mario Kart but with a great selection of characters to choose which are featured from various different games like Team Fortress 2."
,Recommended,212480,19145889,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,El_Buhdai,"Think Mario kart, but with an extra feature: FUN"
,Recommended,212480,13940021,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Cresselia,Sonic Gamedidn't play as Sonic10/10
,Recommended,212480,18482930,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Mr. Videogamer,It's great! I like it alot! better than mario kart and on pc!
76561197970435474,Recommended,212480,30119478,Posted: 23 February,all,Vargas78,"An excellent racer that matches the classic Mario Kart franchise. Though i'm not a fan of the drift and hoop levels, the rest of the single player is great. The multiplayer is pretty good, it could be better supported but if you perservere you will find matches. Though they can be laggy at times, (i think it runs off local hosting) for the most part they are playable. I've won one match already and given a good account of myself in the other races I just had vs people. Just now in fact!"
,Recommended,212480,28001417,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Lium [Live ASMR] ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,MARIO KART 7 REVIEW
76561198109180130,Recommended,212480,20689291,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Zoen,"if you are here thinking to buy this game in the weekenddeal, do it! i have payed 4,99 euro for it and its definitly worth it.cant believe i am playing this game now for the first time in 2016, i should have played this years ago i never suspected it is that great, the levels are really amazing, i am a nintendo fan have played all the mariokart games, this one is even better if you look at level design (spacy as fk) and action racing, also the cars like the one of knuckles is really awesome, and i really like the aquatic parts those remind me of waverace blue storm (gamecube's jetski racer) atmosphere"
76561198159262469,Recommended,212480,24137125,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Kairu,Like the game soo much ...... it is mario kart but with better graphics lol .....worth to buy
,Recommended,212480,24191646,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,aquacharge,It's like Mario Kart but for PC
,Recommended,212480,24183587,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,ttailsfox,This is a great kart racing game and if you are a big fan of sega games and like sonic and also love racing games then this game is for you.
,Recommended,212480,2728252,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,SpyroGuy,"This game redefines the word ""fun""."
,Recommended,212480,10779397,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Slayer Jim,Surprisingly a good game. Probably one of the most solid games Sega has put out in a long time.
76561197961776484,Recommended,212480,8027875,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Jere,Loistava ajanviete peli ja parempi kavereiden kesken =)
76561198061913807,Recommended,212480,30722798,Posted: 25 March,all,Katroller,Zerado. Nice Game.
76561198115438518,Recommended,212480,14522091,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,I am,You a SEGA fan? You like racing? THIS IS YOUR GAME!!! 10\10
76561198070031764,Recommended,212480,34349354,Posted: 19 August,all,Snoobicus,The dopest game to play with your friends! Pick BD Joe and zoom to the finish line as you laugh at your opponents as they complain of how the boats are aids
,Recommended,212480,34364814,Posted: 19 August,all,Whipper Snapper,Greatest game I have ever played
76561198262233191,Recommended,212480,34357523,Posted: 19 August,all,CHITOWN,GOOD
,Recommended,212480,23358716,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Sapphire,"haha, very intereting. Enjoy the game with your friends ~"
,Recommended,212480,20283959,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,3mbrava,Quite fun. Not perfect. Reminds me of Diddy Kong Racing and a good replacement for Mario Kart if you don't own a Wii U.
,Recommended,212480,4563782,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,i identify as captain falkin,"Very nice arcade racer, with a suprising amount of challenge!"
,Recommended,212480,33227137,Posted: 4 July,all,Aobe | Fordsie,Better than you would expect
76561198142208552,Recommended,212480,32147461,Posted: 3 June,all,DragonHat,9/10
,Recommended,212480,16188461,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,DavidGX,"An absolutely fantastic kart racer. Easily on par with the best Mario Kart game, not joking."
,Recommended,212480,8560926,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,lolt64,yes
,Recommended,212480,7936604,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Just fucked my PC,"A configuration UI that feels like it's held together with duct tape and some slight graphical effect bugs are the only bad points, because when you are flying through the air with a slow techno remix of the After Burner theme playing in your ear as your 7-year-old cousin whizzes past you, you'll know you made the right purchase.Oh, and no blue shell... shell, anywhere, for miles."
76561198075071846,Recommended,212480,13800395,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,dmharrism,Good.Enough.9 outta 10.
,Recommended,212480,20718705,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Gamemacho,"I bought this game for Ulala,anyone?"
,Recommended,212480,18634447,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,KangarooJoey,Such a great Kart Racer! The closest thing you'll get to Mario Kart on PClegallyLots of cool tracksA bunch of characters with unlockable playstyle variantsA great carreer modeTime Trials & ChallengesGreat DLC at agood price if you want more contentOnline MultiplayerIf you can find people to play withGreat arcade racer at a great price I highly recommend this game!
,Recommended,212480,9326536,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,GeorgeKen,"Amazing go-kart game. I have to say that I am a fan of this type of games and this goes straight to no.2 in my list (after CTR). Amazing graphics, the maps change every round so you never get bored of a stage, intuitive controls and many different characters with different vehicles to choose from: What else is there to say? 10/10"
76561198077096715,Recommended,212480,9046112,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,CrashGameReviews,"Finally got to sit down and play this and i can happily say It's worth the price. The game is colorful, creative and competitive. There's a-lot to do and a-lot to unlock. I sat down for what was only going to be a few hours and wanted to continue. The tracks are unique, the cars are amazing and I just wanna keep playing."
,Recommended,212480,35312671,Posted: 29 September,all,Nick Crompton,"Very sanic, much recing"
,Recommended,212480,29892604,Posted: 12 February,all,Into the FIRE!!!!!!!!!!!,if the michael bay and disney create game together this happens.
,Recommended,212480,5417438,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Kilim,no but this is actually one of the best kart racers ever
,Recommended,212480,7968027,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,sudomonkey,"Just like Mario Cart, nuff said."
,Recommended,212480,30994168,Posted: 7 April,all,N   u   c   l   z,:^)
76561198092045539,Recommended,212480,22851243,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dipsy,man lyk
76561198154465914,Recommended,212480,16408903,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Trolling_ #Rolling_,Spy Made A SpyCrab On The Plane 10/10 XDDDD
,Recommended,212480,1475982,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Boxed Black,Football Manager is a cheating ♥♥♥♥head
76561198063582863,Not Recommended,212480,20423892,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Monokuma,"Honestly, forgive me if im sounding like some really whiney salt in the wound but i think this game is very unfair. i do like the fast pace racing, large rooster of characters, and the really well done designs but it doesnt hold up the horrible controls and terrible mechanics. everytime i start a race, the game always tries to screw me over where ever it possibly can. im talking about crashing into nothing making me stop on a dime and having all the other racers go past me costing the race, game having a tantrum when im in all-star so it resets me back to transform circles, getting targeted all the time even though there are so many others literally right in front of thier faces, the map throws me off the map because everything hates me aparently, the game closes itself while it keeps going while i have nothing but my desktop in my face. yeah, try a whole ton of crap like that and (claps) you have yourselves a complete and utter mess. i dont hate the game... ok a little butwhat im trying to say is that its a fun game of course, but the game isnt very frendly to cooparate."
,Recommended,212480,8045851,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Lames,Sega does what Nintendon't baby
,Recommended,212480,7966437,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Needs Food Badly,"This is by far the best kart racer I've ever played, and blows away any version of Mario Kart.The game balance is fine-tuned: There is no best character or best car, and if you don't like the way a particular character handles at first, you can unlock alterations. There are no spoiler weapons like blue shells. The races are skill-based, there aren't any ways to skip over massive sections of track a la Mario Kart.The design is incredible, several of the levels blew me away in terms of visuals.The game scales down well if you are running an older system (playing this on a laptop I bought in 2009).The AI is challenging. On the hardest difficulty, you will only beat them on the hardest difficulty by mastering the gameplay and then mastering the track in turn.Extremely worthwhile purchase if you have any interest in kart racers."
,Recommended,212480,1246857,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,CrashFu,"I was actually surprised at how good this game is!  The air/land/water vehicle transformation gimmick works out nicely, as your vehicle controls rather differently in each form, and the game includes kart-racer staples such as boosts for extended drifting or doing flips and rolls off of ramps (or barrel-rolling out of the way of obstacles when in plane mode)There are no lightning bolts or blue shells to result in cheap losses in this racer, and most attack items work almost instantly; your demise is entirely determined by how well the other guy aims regardless of any amount of defensive driving. On one hand, most attacks won't slow you down all THAT much, but on the other hand, regaining lost position is not as easy as most racers. If you fall to last place, count yourself lucky if you can get back up to fourth or third.Apart from the standard GP and single races, the game also features a robust ""world tour"" mode filled with challenges ranging from drift challenges, traffic dodging, time trials, battle races, and even boss battles against a tank.I'd definitely call this game worth trying, even if you aren't the biggest fan of Sonic and friends."
76561198080459027,Recommended,212480,11554742,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Tango571 #Friendship,BEST GAME EVER. 10 TIMES BETTER THAN MURDER MINERS
,Recommended,212480,772440,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Shenmue Stare,YAP.
,Recommended,212480,17274039,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,doc (SPACEMAN SPIFF),Best kart racer ever.
76561198069637911,Recommended,212480,22230565,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,NiGHTSfan,this game is better than SSARthe prosmore charactersbetter vheiclesgreat musicand great graphicsCONSthe weapon system is unbalancedthe online is kinda annoying on gameplayand u cant make the private races with no computers or weaponsbut overall minus the cons its a fun game to play
,Recommended,212480,7888270,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,-{GMZ}- A Crit-Sergeant,Gnarly. Nothing Beats It. I Love This. You Should Get It To! THIS GAME IS EPIC! My Personal Rating: 9.5/10. Why 9.5? Lags PC Like Hell. Still A Great Game Though!
,Recommended,212480,23710373,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,level94836,"The negative ratings fall into the following categories:Online Sucks..  (There are so many other games you could buy if you just want good online playMy resolution isn't supported... (Either A. get a mod that fixes that, B. Get a different monitor, or C. Change it lower.It has bugs.. (Yeah, and i bet you gave skyrim and fallout 4 10/10 reviews even though theres literally a bug in skyrim that happened to me where i played every quest in order, it'd complete it, and then take me to the next  one with loading times in the middle and i'd become a ♥♥♥♥ing goblin in the process, different from my charachter. And fallout 4 is another story.)It's a fun kart racer. I like'd the first one more, but that dosen't mean this one isn't terrible. i'm just nostalgia blind for the first. It's got more content here."
76561198091080698,Recommended,212480,8470988,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[V.I.P]Moodyman2275,"In a world, where racing arcade video games entertainment is slowly dieing, a new hope rises! Imagine Mario kart 7 + Sonic and sega all stars racing! You get Sonic and sega all stars racing Transformed! Want to fly? No problem! Want a boat? We got it! Want just to use the regular car? You can use that too! There are little zones for each of these abilites in your car! Try to master them all, and become the ULTIMATE racer! Want new charcters? Charcters are here Featuring: Shadow the hedgehog! (the ulitmate lifeform)  Sonic the hedgehog! (DUH!) Team Fortress 2! (number 1 free to play game charcters! even i play it) Yogscast simon! (DLC youtuber) And more!!!!!! Want to upgrade your car??? THIS GAME EVEN HAS THAT!!!! to upgrade your car you have to get far into story tour mode, and level up with your desired charcter then equip your console mod! over 25+ charcters!!!!! Wanna play with friends? Click multiplayer, create a match, and invite all your peeps and pals! Well, thats it for now, Gotta play some sonic and sega all stars racing! See ya at the race!           Sonic and sega all stars racing transformed costs 20.00$      (Goes on sale.... A LOT)"
,Recommended,212480,7869593,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Ammy,♥♥♥♥ING COOLITS GOT SONIC AND♥♥♥♥♥♥BUY
,Not Recommended,212480,23735846,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,HYPER ONE,"This game is a blast, when it actually decides that it wants to work."
,Not Recommended,212480,29419851,Posted: 22 January,all,A.G.¥10,I love this game but Sega contentID'd my streams on Youtube and ran ads/monetization over them. =(
,Recommended,212480,5650417,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,PeeJay Bonobo,"This game is far more superior than its predecessor, Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing. This game has a more redefined item system and I find it a lot easier to play gameplay-wise."
,Recommended,212480,19395876,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Ayatee,i identify myself as furry trans girl with cis-type digestive problems and i ABSOLUTLELY LOFFE this game. Brilliance in a gold case. Essential buy for every animals rights activist and nintendo fan!
76561198126803513,Recommended,212480,24345403,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Starnana the BOO! B.,"It's Sonic and Team Fortress 2 and stuff. They ride cars and kill other people who are also riding cars, but they can't attack anything without cars because they're in cars. I give this game a solid;"
,Recommended,212480,7935627,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Prisoner 24601,"""lol why does sanic need a car"" jokes aside, this is a legitimately awesome kart racing game."
,Recommended,212480,8594420,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,golex,mario kart rip-off avoid.
,Recommended,212480,9175579,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Gredanko,"Simply one of the best Kart racers I have ever played. This is simply the first game of this kind that isn't called Mario Kart, that I would ever say is a must play. Tracks change and morph during races, vehicles change, and the challenge on expert mode is really really hard. Not cheap, but hard. Just buy this game."
,Recommended,212480,30877102,Posted: 1 April,all,supercoolhotdogman,Sanic racing is a gud gumgud graphicsbad starting bindswhy the ♥♥♥♥ is the TF2 team hereplay Sanicball instead its free
76561198046660646,Recommended,212480,16367303,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NEONA,Best racing game i have ever played.
,Recommended,212480,4554437,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,lawngnome,DUH NUH NUHDUH NUH NUHDUH NUH NUHDUH DUH DUHHDUH NUH NUHITS DA BES
,Recommended,212480,9198525,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,pengy,
,Recommended,212480,10829619,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,she succ me,Second to last character is a Dancing Dreamcast.10/10
,Recommended,212480,17596449,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Leviathon,ROLLING AROUND AT THE SPEED OF GROUND/AIR/WATER/SOUND10000/10
,Recommended,212480,24329845,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,KATA-,"It's like Mario Kart, and it's pretty fun. Just don't try to unlock everything or 100% all the events cuz you'll become depressed."
,Recommended,212480,12518597,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Kim,Super fun game!and the music is perfect
,Recommended,212480,32072038,Posted: 30 May,all,MadMrMod,"bought it because of a joke and the low price on the game, havent played yet, i may change the review whenever i do get around to play it"
76561198072897400,Recommended,212480,6705429,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Razor Volare,"I have the Wii U version but I had to get this in PC as well. One of the best racing games in a long, long time. (Pwns Grand Turismo hands down, just so much fun.) If you loved Diddy Kong Racing, you will LOVE this game. Highly recommended, also you get play as Pyro, Heavy, and Spy from Team Fortress 2! Still fun to play now."
76561198304588354,Recommended,212480,32799192,Posted: 25 June,all,SleepyOtter,"this is better than mario kart, go ahead, fight me ♥♥♥♥ers."
,Recommended,212480,25297742,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Beesafree,Wow.
76561198043161293,Recommended,212480,22945541,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Z0011,Recomended.
,Recommended,212480,10107540,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Blue oyster boy,If skyrim was a racing game it'd be a bit like this game.More than a mario kart clone it has pretty different mechanics.Even if you don't like sega this game is a fun time.Don't buy if you have finals soon.
,Recommended,212480,7949193,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,WizardFrog2,"Incredible game, hands down the best party race game ive every played, Mario Cart can suck it!"
,Recommended,212480,8039270,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,NeoRizer,"Surprisingly for a ""childs"" game, this game is hard as ♥♥♥♥. If you're looking for a challenging Kart style game, this is definitely where this game shines over Mario Kart. It'll definitely keep you busy with all of the different modes available. The challenges sown throughout the World Tour mode really keep things interesting because not every level is a race against A.I. opponents.The challenges, in fact, almost seem like a break from the action as the A.I. in this game is unforgiving and has special properties on Hard and Expert difficulties. These special properties take on the form of having constant momentum even when struck by an item... It's actually quite a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t but if you can somehow manage to get by all 10 racers staying in first place is much easier to do than in Mario Kart.I'm going to say I have mixed feelings about the characters / locations, although it is Sega were talking about so the selection is rather slim. I do give them prop's for including Ristar as the flagman... They just didn't include Sparkster which I thought was blasphemous... I mean really? Team Fortress guys, Danica Patrick and that damn lame monkey from Monkey Balls but no Sparkster? ♥♥♥♥ that noise... pay Konami their royalties and get him in the game!I must say that the inclusion of Joe Musashi from Shinobi and Vyse from Skies of Arcadia made up for the games lack of awesome character variety though. Also the Sega Ages vechicle is just pimp... there's nothing more bad♥♥♥♥♥than your car morphing in to a Dreamcast controller.The leveling system is pretty cool and allows you to unlock engine mods which allows pre-set stat adjustments to the state of your character and his / her vehicle. Although I must say some characters are terribly unbalanced and even though I had some favorite characters I would have liked to use as my mains, I just couldn't find the right mod setup to make them worthwhile sinking time in to. All in all the Team Fortress guys are insanely broken and I hate Sega for having to toot Vavles horn by including them in the PC release. They basically have the most balanced mods in the game... it's just biased.One last thing to note is the incredible throw back soundtrack as well, wicked retro hit themes from: Nights, Shinobi, Golden Axe, House of the Dead, Skies of Arcadia, Sonic & Knuckles, Space Harrier and After Burner... top notch adrenaline rushing music!It's definitely worth sinking some time in to even if you play the game on Easy, it's fun for the nostalgia alone. Definitely worth my 5 dollars... would have gladly paid 20 after all the hours I sank in to it.7 / 10 over all."
,Recommended,212480,20615056,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,PoniPlayge,is gud
,Recommended,212480,28229701,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,supertrf,Very interesting racing game. But the operation is a little hard.
,Recommended,212480,24128956,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Victory Male Carter,Sonic & All-Stars Racing TransformedThis is a Great Sonic Spinoff Game In fact its better then F1 Race Stars. The Items have meaning the course are all from Sega IPS i love how the Machanics of the Tracks Change to Make it Diffferent Exprience. Awesome Cameo ByWreck-it Ralph (Only Movie 2013 i watched)Rating 9/10Really had fun with it and Yes i did buy all the DLC For the game
76561198293319324,Recommended,212480,33499706,Posted: 13 July,all,Blue_Lighting,i hope this game can ply in window 10
,Recommended,212480,9096836,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Bronard,Segata/Ryo/Miku DLC when?
76561198006521459,Recommended,212480,21833400,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Ryvucz,One of the best racers I've played in years. Makes Mario Kart look bad.Plenty of tricks to perform and many different modes and characters to play/unlock.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=675695769
76561198037910259,Recommended,212480,8987830,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Uckermann,Mario Kart clone. No Mario Kart on pc= you be forced to play this.
,Recommended,212480,21800811,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,SinD,This game is the least gay Mario Kart game out there (Including Mario Kart).
,Recommended,212480,25800931,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Qwilliam,"Wonky physics will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. Transformation gimmick sucks, especially the flying. Tons of fanservice though. Still a fun party game."
,Recommended,212480,19898940,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gumball Watterson,Shenmue 3 exists because of dis game.11/10
,Recommended,212480,20675149,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Kana,"It's like Mario kart, but more or less everything is done really well... which is exactly unlike Mario Kart.There's no idiotic bias for weapons based on your position, and it is a largely skill based ordeal.The AI can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥on harder difficulties, so if you get upset easily, but want to be a completionist (or at least unlock everything)  you might want to be wary. For 20€ it's more or less a steal, and anything below that it's a no brainer, which is something i don't say lightly.It also isn't just simply racing. There's some twists thrown in at times in the fashion of challenge maps of drifting, flying and time attack (solo) variety.The only gripe i have with the game is mild randomness in jumping physics in certain maps, especially in boats. If you just get bad waves off something, you can't consistently do flips/drifting to keep up your speed, which probably lost me a couple of races, but it's a small thing to moan about.Average playtime along everyone on friendslist: 22.5 hours.Average playtime along everyone on friendslist with the highest and the lowest removed: 21.1 hours."
76561198033513595,Not Recommended,212480,30940795,Posted: 4 April,all,famousgarkin,"Picture freezes on the intro video, can't even get to the start menu. Also the configuration utility crashes silently straight away. Technically inferior product. Refunded."
,Recommended,212480,10095415,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,DRUNK_CANADIAN,"Sonic & All Stars Racing Transformed is a kart racer, which takes to air, road and water as your kart transforms to accommodate the interesting courses The game is a servicable kart racer and there is a decent selection of characters, many of which you will have to unlock, giving incentive for solo play. The racing controls are standard, although a bit sluggish in terms of reponse, with your standard drifting for boosts, arrows on the ground providing boosts and combat pickups. The allstar mode is the character's special weapon and the standard universal weapons are well balanced. The courses and the graphics are great and there are unique themes to each which are well designed and often from specific classic titles. The online multiplayer is also enjoyable although some people report connection issues with online play. Overall the game gets a full recommend as it is a reasonably priced game which will deliver lots of fun for acade racer enthusiasts."
,Recommended,212480,34217991,Posted: 13 August,all,A Meme Reborn,"Probably one of the best modern ""kart"" racers out there. It feels a lot like Diddy Kong Racing on the N64 just a little faster, with great levels (especially the Out Run one), a lot of characters and a nice soundtrack. Now I gotta go fast to play more Sanic."
,Recommended,212480,35236651,Posted: 26 September,all,Monotaro,neat game
76561198157260976,Not Recommended,212480,21970464,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Team Liquid,Aircraft and boat gameplay are severly lacking (especially the latter).
76561197996320408,Not Recommended,212480,17069405,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,jmenter,"The Wii U version is so terrible. The PC version is not that much better. There are way better ""arcade"" racers out there. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,212480,23173826,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Stimz,"If you use an Xbox 1 controller, it will no longer work with this game and the fixes will NOT resolve it. Pretty dissapointing. Asked for refund."
,Not Recommended,212480,21819586,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Mr. Smart,"I loved this game on the 3DS, and I love how you added characters from different games (TF2 being my favorite).  But, there is a major issue I can't seem to fix: drifting.I've looked at discussions, but doing Accelerate, Turn, and Drift/Brake only turns on my brakes. I've been playing on my Steam Controller, and this is REALLY annoying, not being able to drift. Your separate Configure application is difficult to work with, also, with my Steam Controller. I find it better to do mappings in-game.So, if someone could help me with this, that would be nice. If you could change Brake and Drifting to be separate controls, that'd be even more nice.A tutorial track should also be made."
,Not Recommended,212480,10696858,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Intelecto Nível 12,+-
,Not Recommended,212480,18914128,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Seco,Dont Play Unless Super Gr8 Computer
76561198068384342,Not Recommended,212480,14321107,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,MyNameIsPatrick,Bad port. also shitey game
,Not Recommended,212480,14037651,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,michaeljmuller,"Didn't work.  I can run modern titles on my PC fine, but this wouldn't get past the opening video.  Too bad there's no way to get a refund."
76561198125635547,Not Recommended,212480,15437149,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,kopatropa2003,"do not buy this i didnt waste to much. but still its soooo hard to controle buy somthing else for 16euros realy it sucks i would buy example: The binding of isaac rebirth,battle block theatre, or for the 6 euros i wasted burnout paradise"
76561198079437776,Recommended,212480,17526520,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Blueberry... Man?,It made me challenge my sexualtiy.
,Recommended,212480,12274171,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,DarknutPrime,MarioKart PC edition
,Recommended,212480,7942468,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Danku-Chan,Crashes All The Time Dosent Display Graphics Tons Of Glitches Better On Wii U
,Not Recommended,212480,28802448,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Lochcelious,"Absolutely no players. The most I've encountered was a game with seven other racers but it was in progress so I couldn't join. When I tried to look for another race using matchmaking it kept trying to throw me into the waiting lobby because there are literally no other players playing this game. Not to mention, lack of options. No graphics options, no controller scheme viewing, no custom binding, nothing. Sad, the gameplay was fun but not against AI. I only got to play two games against real players. Both games had only three other players. What could have been. Save your money unless you really need a good kart game to play against AI with."
76561198053946958,Not Recommended,212480,29030948,Posted: 5 January,all,miroslavabelperchinova,A lot of technical problems
76561198238580522,Recommended,212480,20584157,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,somovsasha1337,хорошая игра рекомендую всем
,Not Recommended,212480,29192795,Posted: 11 January,all,乇乂ㄒ尺卂 ㄒ卄丨匚匚,"the handling of the cars is kind of a pain, specially with a controller, would only recomend to those who want to find a less luck based mario kart"
,Recommended,212480,7958347,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,yarheeguy,"this was a good game,it maybe slow for my laptop (because my laptop is crap) but i like the characters who is in this game and i just can't wait till more come"
76561198054649912,Recommended,212480,13311178,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Daenarys Targaryen,"This game is so much fun, both in singleplayer and online. It has a great catchy soundtrack taken from previous SEGA games, really gorgeous colourful graphics, the tracks are massively varied as are the characters, of which there are many to unlock.It has a lot of replayability as well thanks to the various modes and the World Tour being impressively challenging on Expert difficulty, as well as trying to level all the racers up to max.Overall a great game from SEGA, and it provides a really nice homage to previous generations of videogaming as well!I give it a 9.5/10."
,Recommended,212480,14064104,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,fatputtycat,"Now I never have gotten into the sonic games because I never really liked platformers. When I heard of this I thought, meh, mario kart racing rip off. In a very tiny way, yes. How? Well 1. it's a racing game, 2. it's a racing game based off of video game characters from different games. 3. One of the playable characters name is in the title screen. 4. They're both pretty fun in their own ways. Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is an enjoyable racing game with alot of characters i'm familier with. You got the monkey guy from the super monkey ball game, so as the female monkey. You got that other monkey from the mexican dance wii thing. For PC only they have some of my favorites, TF2 (Spy, Pyro, and Heavy all in one character with Spy being the airplane, Pyro being the land vehicle, and Heavy being the boat from Half Life 2. Depending on which element your in, is what your character and vehicle will be.) then you got some russian dude which is pretty bad♥♥♥♥♥ a gladiator?! Cool if you ask me. Their are also many characters to unlock. For me, the games a tad trickier than Mario Kart, which is good because I would always obliterate the other racers in singleplayer and get a decent place in online like 4th or 3rd. There's also some neat and interesting powerups like snowball which stuns your enemy on first hit, and freezes on second. Then firework, which is like a red shell but doesn't lock onto enemies and makes a pretty explosion on impact. It's levels are fantastic, and change after each lap causing people to have to remember more about the map to truely get good at it. The graphics are fantastic, and run smoothly on my computer. I really love this game and even though I may not play it much, is because I have like 8 other games I bought the same time I bought this one and may not be playing it for a while since I like to see all of my games and look at how fun and gameplay worth each one is. And so far, this one has the second best gameplay values out of ALL of my games, not just the ones I bought. Worth a play if your into fast and action packed racing with some original sega characters.TL;DR? 9/10, worth every penny."
,Recommended,212480,833574,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Ћ Rob Zombie,DO YOU LIKE MARIO KARTtm?DO YOU LIKE A MARIO KART GAME THAT'S PRETTY DAMNED BALANCED?!THEN YOU'VE COME TO THE RIGHT GAME MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ERS.
,Recommended,212480,11600803,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,cake εїз,"kinda a very item-based game, but still requires some skills :)"
,Recommended,212480,23372523,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
76561197983789331,Recommended,212480,8493603,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DeadShotZ,I highly recommend this its a nice change and does everything that the Mario Kart series has done and does better at it.
,Not Recommended,212480,21111997,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,SOCOM,"i assume its a great game, but when i bought it i couldnt play it, screen flashing, config launch didnt work, tons of bugs.Spent about an hour trying to fix it, got some things fixed, but the screen was still flashing.WARNING:If you have Windows 8 and above. [8, 8.1, 10]Do Not buy this game, or try to fix it.Very disappointing.They are not fixing it, or going to fix it."
,Not Recommended,212480,21803078,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,MinhK,feel like i waste my money lol
76561198201841528,Not Recommended,212480,24436123,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,~FS~ ndudde67,"Meh, bought this to play with a friend who came over, and we played, but found the controls responsive than we would have wanted. Mario kart is a better option."
76561197960494678,Recommended,212480,10150060,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,-|Nur|-,"After all these years, it feels great to be playing a Sonic game that's actually good. Not only that, but All-Stars is also the best racing game I've ever played. This game's got speed and a rich selection of tracks, characters and game modes, but, most of all, it can be very, even frustratingly, challenging and thus rewarding as you become the master of your vehicle & environment, pulling off feats that once seemed impossible."
,Recommended,212480,7995560,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,UnclePauly,"If you want the quick n dirty... it's Mario Kart with better racing. Only thing Mario Kart has over this is the Nintendo character lineup(though this lineup is no slouch either). This has more maps, more power ups, tighter racing, more variety,etc. Recommended to anybody with even a slight interest in arcade racing."
,Recommended,212480,24569671,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,cool shooting,fun to cheat in
76561198045569668,Recommended,212480,7932990,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Bjørn,"awtryepkoj]RWEYJIPO]U4YA5HZKMPO[,P0=GYX"
,Recommended,212480,6653605,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,SirisS-G-P,This game is hands down the best kart racing game ever made.
,Not Recommended,212480,23969592,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,kingbob,not great
,Recommended,212480,8708081,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,[aeiou] Toasty,good game if you like mario racing.the fact that you can use a taxi cab in outer space is pretty legit.or dominate the enemies as the tf2 crew.maybe even conquer the world as doctor eggmananywho. legit game
,Not Recommended,212480,31466009,Posted: 30 April,all,drukqs,"It's a fun game but it is very unstable. Every time I exit, my screen goes black. Only option at that point is to hard-restart. This game has been available on PC for over four years and this kind of thing still isn't hammered out? What the hell?"
,Not Recommended,212480,21168693,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,[SS] Ranzacado,Worst tank-chasing simulator ever 0/10000
,Recommended,212480,1624406,"Posted: 28 April, 2013",all,💋 💋 💋,Seriously the best kart racing game I've ever played hands down. Takes all the classic kart racers and combines them into one flawlessly and makes for an experience far greater than that of any of the new mario cart games.
,Not Recommended,212480,18738018,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Battletoad,Not Recommended
,Not Recommended,212480,21466189,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Hyperstar96,Try adding controller support.
76561197988969687,Not Recommended,212480,21784754,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Brainquake,"An important fact about this game: it does not work with Xbox One controllers.  There are a few workarounds mentioned on the web, but they do not work reliably."
76561198119753073,Not Recommended,212480,29976706,Posted: 16 February,all,Richter,"It's not an entirely bad game and I can see why people like it but I have no reason to play this when Mario Kart does everything much better. The karts in this game are f*king gigantic and due to this I can barely make smooth turns and find myself falling off the course at times or being bumped off. The game has a learning curve but no matter how much I played it the drifting just felt off and handling of the car was clunky and just didn't click with me. In Mario kart they actually give you sufficient space to turn and drift and the karts dont take up the entire width of the road and the power ups overall are more varied and useful. I personally do not recommend this game but I feel it could be somewhat decent/good if you are willing to put in the extra hours of practice and grind but I think I'll pass up on that. Uninstalled, refunded, and now going back to Mario Kart 8."
76561198323042463,Not Recommended,212480,32776768,Posted: 25 June,all,MAGICTURTLE,this game need to have tutorial or else it is hard to play
76561197992047681,Recommended,212480,7496640,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,kiki,Best than Mario Kart
76561198089429199,Not Recommended,212480,21484751,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,H3SS0L,were can i get a refund
,Not Recommended,212480,26419561,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jan,"Its really fun but if you don't have any joystick, don't download this game"
,Not Recommended,212480,20865438,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Commander Dolphin,"While this game is functional to some extent, it barelys works and the controls are so bad that you'll wonder who in their right mind beta tested this !@#$. I wanted to get a nice casual racing game during the sales for my friends and I to play and we got to experience @#@!. SEGA sucks and I will never again buy a Sonic game. Only a few maps are good but it sucks. Don't waste your money. Its awful."
76561198060235761,Not Recommended,212480,21014155,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,my777stars,this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game dosent work with an i7. dont bother getting it if your computer is powerful
,Not Recommended,212480,20835268,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Ernest Peiris,"Another attempt by SEGA to be successful? As someone who spent about 10-20 hours on the Wii U version of this game, I can tell you right now I much rather prefer the console version. Although the game is a fun casual game to play, the floaty driving controls can be a little bit annoying at times. I do not reccomend this game for the PC. If you choose to get this game, I suggest you get the console version. The only thing you're losing out on is the Yogscast DLC, which isn't THAT much."
76561198122118936,Not Recommended,212480,21180278,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ArvidBramasta,crashh
,Not Recommended,212480,21815081,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,lulz,"Doesn't work for keyboard and mouse, so please don't buy this it seems that SEGA doesn't care about us PC gamers."
,Not Recommended,212480,30910204,Posted: 2 April,all,NotYorick,"The game itself is pretty much what you expect: a PC version of MK with sonic names. Would have really loved this game if there would be a online ranked community, but I can't find any lobbies with more than 2 other players. If you are looking for a MK like game to play with just your friends or solo, don't hesitate then this is your game! Just not for me because I love games to be competitive."
,Not Recommended,212480,34350076,Posted: 19 August,all,Olster,"I would have liked this game, I am sure. Sadly even though I have quite a high end PC, the game DIDNT WORK. It wouldnt go past the opening cutscene. I had to get a refund. I wish I could play this game. If you buy it be prepared to need a refund."
76561198343909466,Not Recommended,212480,26626325,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Nemo,Ryo在All Star的时候没有专属背景音乐，且一部分人物在行驶3圈连续第一名的时候没有欢呼声
,Not Recommended,212480,30102781,Posted: 22 February,all,GlitchedLizard,"This game...oh...this game. This had potential, but...eh. I'm just gonna list some pros and cons. Oh, and 1 thing to note, I only have a keyboard, I don't know how this game is with a gamepad.Pros - Good character roster, good soundtrack, pretty stagesCons - Bad kinda slippery keyboard controls, transformation is horrible, and a lot of things from the first game that were cool got replaced with bad and stupid ideas, as well as some poorly executed mechanics.NiGHTS and Reala are finally in, but they are both really poorly implemented into the game and both look really ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ unless they're using their all star moves. Shadow's bike got replaced with a weird tank thing that doesn't fit him right. And again, transformation will usually lose you a race due to the poor controls on keyboard, if you have a gamepad be grateful. Also, for being a dlc character, Metal Sonic wasn't so great either. I'm sorry, but if you're looking for a good racing game with Sonic, buy the first one, this isn't worth it."
,Not Recommended,212480,34921230,Posted: 13 September,all,skinhub.com Mephisto,boring
,Recommended,212480,25451585,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Highly Recommended !
76561198044508258,Not Recommended,212480,14629677,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Censored,"Do not waste your money on this God awful broken game, unless it comes in some kind of collection; I got a Sonic the Hedgehog collection that cost me the same price as what they're asking for this polished turd. The AI is absolutely broken, every single character is faster then you... The items will slow you right down to a stop, but for some reason, the computer keeps on going full speed when you hit them. The rubber band AI is ridiculous, the top 3 character will get an unrealistic lead on you, but you will never ever get the lead on them. Good luck EVER coming in first, or even keeping the first position for longer then 20 seconds. You'll wish you had the ability to turn off the onslaught of weapons.The AI will always team up after you, item after item after item, and even when you're in 10th place, they still find the need to attack you.This could also be the fact that I only played on Hard Mode, but if that's the case, they should rename it to Easy, Normal, and Unbeatable. Other then that, the concept's fun, and if it had the game engine of something like Mario Kart with reasonable AI, it might actually be an enjoyable game, and not feel like a chore.EDIT: But then, after posting this review, and playing the game again... It's like the company saw this and secretly sent a software update to my computer or something, because I am having no problems anymore."
,Not Recommended,212480,20678262,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,ScrubLord69,now i just need friends to play with.
,Not Recommended,212480,18662879,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Diabound,"Donwloaded this for my laptop.Looks like a great game. Although it's currently unplayable since it can't detect my dedicated graphics card in the configure settings and resorts to using my integrated graphics.HP Pavilion 15AMD A8-6410 quad core 2ghzRadeon R7 M260 2gb dedicated graphics8gb RamWindows 10I've exhausted every method online and nothing has worked so far, maybe a patch in the future can fix this?One can only hope..."
76561198199374655,Not Recommended,212480,20730150,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,PlushGod Aduck,I cant Figure out How to drive! HOW DO U DO IT!
76561198097685093,Not Recommended,212480,35051031,Posted: 18 September,all,niallrd,I am locked out of the game. Steam will not let it install.
,Recommended,212480,8492659,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,simpsonssocks,I didn't buy it. 10 outta 10.
,Not Recommended,212480,33206103,Posted: 3 July,all,adeypaul,Does not load on win 10???? Anyone know why?
,Recommended,212480,32709520,Posted: 23 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,FINALLY. Nintendo porting there games to new and different platforms . Mario Kart (sorry Nintendo mispelt Cart) 8 was a hit on the Wii U fit and now it'll be a hit on PC and Megadrive.
,Not Recommended,212480,30032304,Posted: 19 February,all,LitWarrior,"Didn't play for very long because I couldn't handle it. The keyboard controls are terrible as you might expect, but when I plugged in a 360 controller the B button was mapped to A and the A button was mapped to X, etc. The controls were all wrong, it was completely unplayable.Gameplay wise, the water driving mechanics are really not fun. It's not like Diddy Kong Racing where it's just sluggish - the water controls in this game are just really slow to respond. You hold left and literally a whole second later it starts turning left.Wish I could have enjoyed this game, but I guess it wasn't for me"
76561198035015334,Not Recommended,212480,33037392,Posted: 30 June,all,Citalos,"I would avoid this one.  It is a bad port from console to PC.  Crashed on first setup, controls are all wrong and can't change from within game.  When you change them through Steam config they still keep default so now the button just has two functions.  For example, when first loaded there is no accelerator and the right trigger is the start/pause button.  After I changed it, the accelerator works, but if I let up on the accelerator and pull it again it pauses the game as if it were still the start button.  Yet another example of lazy developers trying to milk a game without putting any work into it."
,Not Recommended,212480,34444548,Posted: 23 August,all,Sima,"Not for long play,Single mission so hard in the end.After 14 hours  single play is not funny more"
,Not Recommended,212480,29967346,Posted: 16 February,all,voicer,"not working with my Thrustmaster racing wheel. At first configuration saw my wheel, second time I loaded the game it suddenly decided to not recognize the controller at all. Reboot and reinstallation of the game didn't helped. CRAP."
76561198051187378,Not Recommended,212480,34639609,Posted: 31 August,all,averagesnkfan,"I don't recommend supporting Sega. Even buying their good games supports bad practices.This is particularly relevant in the case of all things Sonic since this series is high profile enough that it's basically guaranteed to be affected by any of Sega's policies on DRM and DLC.This particular game doesn't include Denuvo but it probably would if it were more recent & Sega are known to include 3rd party DRM without disclosure on a game's store page until/unless enough people complain.Beyond that this game still most likely suffered because of Sega's decision to try using it for cross-promotion. The inclusion of a random real-life Nascar racer in a game for Sega ""all stars"" was particularly bizarre; as was the choice to include a number of characters representing Sega's PC franchises (though I will admit to liking the Football Manager).This is by far the best version of an ambitious ""kart"" racer, perhaps the best ""Mario Kart clone"" since Crash Team Racing. Its ambition is enough to make it far more interesting than its predecessor but at the same time it's responsible for a lot of its flaws.In spite of its PS1 era limitations & 30fps cap I still believe Crash Team Racing to be the better, more tightly designed game.The game definitely suffers because of its ambition, probably not helped by Sega/Sumo deciding to port the game to every current platform of its time (except Windows Phone, Mac and Linux). Many of its worst issues stem from its defining gimmick of transforming between 3 kinds of vehicle.The boat physics are glitchy & characters whose vehicles have a flat base such as Amy have a particularly high chance of repeatedly capsizing through no fault of the player.Flying suffers from an abundance of invisible barriers preventing you from taking certain turns too tightly or from hitting what looks like a good opportunity for a Risk Boost. The need to prevent people from skipping most of the course, thanks to being able to fly, is understandable but the game is perhaps overzealous in placing barriers. It would've been nice if the game could have subtle, but more clearly visible, barriers to show where you can fly.The cars, as you'd hope, have the most dependable physics & are the most commonly used vehicle. However the physics can still glitch out in unusual ways if you clip a wall or land at a dodgy angle. There's also a number of jumps with dodgy design where it's too easy to hit the ceiling which kills your speed. One of the branches in Adder's Lair is particularly bad for this.Things get worse if you play online since a glitch means there's a high chance of collisions for any vehicle being massively exaggerated. There were multiple attempts to fix this issue but I don't think even the final patch managed to fix it & Sega eventually stopped paying for patches to be developed.Players with a high ping rate tend to glitch around the track & ghost through attacks that should have hit cleanly. This is especially likely between people from different regions. I think when the game launched it defaulted to only allowing people from the same region to play together but this restriction was removed out of necessity since, even at launch, the game didn't have an active enough community.Despite being protected by VAC there were still cheaters from time to time who would spam items constantly. That said, I haven't played the online in a long time & I'd be surprised if it's even active.Even with all these flaws, which are never going to be fixed, it's still a worthwhile racing game filled with references that fans of Sega games will appreciate.Its surprisingly difficult for a ""kart racer"". I see that as a good thing; at least in this PC version since it fixed enough bugs that failure will usually be your fault rather than the game's.However it should be noted that you will need to be decent at racing games if you intend to unlock the full roster of Sega characters.As far as the port is concerned this is a massive improvement over other versions of the game. It has by far the largest number of exclusive characters: the only missing ones being Nintendo's Mii and Microsoft's Xbox Avatar. It has support for higher resolutions (the other formats run at 720P or less); runs at double the framerate of any other version & has a number of graphical touches not seen in other versions of the game.PC also received more bugfixes than other versions of the game; the console versions having been abandoned several patches behind the PC version (3DS never received any patches despite desperately needing one) & stuck with leaderboards full of impossible to beat times thanks to not being reset after patches fixed some exploits.If you are interested in the game then this PC port is definitely the version to play. I'd be amazed if there's really anybody in this game's target audience who doesn't already own it though."
,Not Recommended,212480,10280827,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,x3cyclonero,Very nice game but will get boring after long periods of time... If you have a keyboard & mice then this game is unplayable & for some reason it won't let you fly with the controls on the keyboard... you can bind the keys but it comes out inverted & I tried everything but it's pretty much unplayable after like the first 3 stages... If you have a controller then this game will be fun for you....Don't even bother if you only have keyboard & mice.
,Not Recommended,212480,16539014,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,"m,,,,,,,","Way too easy, got bored, never played ever again."
,Not Recommended,212480,13637204,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,raelpx,drift is mandatory in every single race...
76561198062079961,Not Recommended,212480,13745935,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,vladimir,"The ""configure"" option, to setup language and controllers, crashes a lot, launches ""unexpected exception"" and its a general pain. It took too many attempts to get my logitech joypad configured, and it was so frustrating then to get more pads configured."
,Not Recommended,212480,8552968,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,terriblesmith,Has issues with Windows 8 64bit Pro with the GTX Titan. Needed to run in compatibility mode. Please fix this Sega.
,Not Recommended,212480,7976522,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Godvernment,"Basically Crash Team Racing with Sonic characters and flying/surfing added, you're better off playing Distance, rather than this, unless you have kids, of course."
,Not Recommended,212480,11069892,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,kiang.,Not worth unless on discount.
,Not Recommended,212480,15992819,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Lavar Ball,stupidest game i have ever played ...
,Not Recommended,212480,14507382,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Retribution925,"Eh, I feel bad giving this a thumbsdown because of the amount of time I played on it.  Might not have been much but I couldn't really take it, wasn't for me.  I got excited when I saw the crew from Team Fortress 2 on here, but that's nearly it.  For some people they think it could be good, so consider both options.  If you like racing others, playing with iconic figures, go for it.  If you're just looking for money to spend, maybe look at a few more games before coming back to this one."
,Not Recommended,212480,15900159,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,CheesyWhales,Danica Patrick.
76561198212803769,Not Recommended,212480,30660003,Posted: 21 March,all,57.C10uD,"Great game if you only want to play it offline.Online is Unplayable. most people that play this game online always have a program called, CheatEngine. they have unlimited everything. it not fun to play online anymore.$19.99 price tag, it way to much, get it if in spacial like 1.99. no more than that."
,Not Recommended,212480,19889356,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,aids,It's games like these that show why we love Nintendo way more than Sega.>Laps that are too long>Who chose these characters?>Who chose these items?>Why did Sega think this could trump Mario Kart?2/10
54321567890044645,Not Recommended,212480,19786331,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,J..,"Doesn't work. Control mappings are all wrong, i cannot even accelerate, this is typcial of a Japanese game port. I will berequesting a refund."
,Not Recommended,212480,5458688,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Soviet Lucas,"SUMO só fez bonito no quesito artístico e jogatina offline, porque, online, é uma♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,212480,20369801,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Linehodres,"I was really excited to buy this game. When i try it, it doesn't f-ing work with Logitech F310 Gamepad."
,Not Recommended,212480,17022153,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Nova Terran,Not a bad game but the boat handles like dogshit and the entire game relies on drifting 24/7 for speed boost
,Not Recommended,212480,1665309,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,Jimmy,you get to go up and down and all around but not back in time to stop yourself from buying it
76561198211711792,Not Recommended,212480,31297999,Posted: 22 April,all,VAN,Gotta refund this cuz i can't play the online
,Not Recommended,212480,18176981,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,l,this is an ok one but i cant see their feet??
76561198259002279,Not Recommended,212480,25273474,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Ewuthebu,h
,Not Recommended,212480,30946918,Posted: 4 April,all,Zakelpimpos,"No, Just no"
76561198052627469,Not Recommended,212480,30207810,Posted: 26 February,all,Captain Ballsack,"First the good bits: drifting is enjoyable and makes you want to try again just one more time after you've been cheated out of first place by the AI for the thousandth time.This is a game where skill doesn't matter. What matters is that you try again a level enough times to not get shot in back 2 meters before the finish line. That's it. I've been playing this game for almost 40 hours and still can't come 1st on some levels without trying 50 times.There is just too much luck involved in winning. On hard and expert the AI cheats so much that it becomes very frustrating.I guess the developers couldn't make the AI intelligent enough so they made up for it by making it cheat. This is not an exaggeration. For example the weapon 'twister'. You only have to get shot once, you will find yourself spun around 180 degrees after which you'll have no chance of winning. On that other hand using the same weapon on an npc car has absolutely ZERO effect.This could have been an addictive game if it wasn't so unfair and if it valued skill more than sheer luck."
,Not Recommended,212480,32490970,Posted: 16 June,all,gobobaby,sucks a biggy many
,Not Recommended,212480,30044701,Posted: 19 February,all,Rusty Golf Club,Not that good. I had to return it and I NEVER return my games. Just Emulate mario Kart 8 if you want this game.
,Recommended,212480,8635910,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,boxercorn0,i do like it because its a good game
76561198076533542,Not Recommended,212480,33063656,Posted: 30 June,all,Jay Jay,gaem is♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,212480,19703816,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,KrudlerTheHorse,"The local multiplayer (split screen) aspect of the game is what made me buy it, but the game just isn't fun either alone or with friends.  Due to the lazy game design, one of two things will happen when you play:A> You will race to the front of the pack and you will never see another human- or AI- controlled player again until you scream past the finish, miles ahead of everybody else;-= OR =-B> You will spend the entire game dead-last or at the back of the pack of AI players, getting mercilessly pounded by weapons, making it impossible for you to ever stand a chance.You will experience NO RACING EXCITEMENT.  You will experience NO THRILLS of coming from behind to steal a victory.  You will experience ZERO FUN OF ANY KIND in either single- or multiplayer mode.Needless to say, this game is boring and frustrating, and offers absolutely no reason to ever play alone or with friends.  This is not so much a game as a lazy cashing-in on the Intellectual Property of the Sonic franchise.Definitely take a pass on this one.  Try F1 Stars as an alternative - you may not like it either but it's way better than this game."
76561197972637605,Not Recommended,212480,32805097,Posted: 26 June,all,Sleep0,horrible
,Not Recommended,212480,13116210,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,boon,senic le hadhog is back in a ok game with a bug in multiplayer plz fix den it will be a thumbs up
,Not Recommended,212480,8727993,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Seabait,Really fun game!! but for $19.99...it`s not worth it.
,Not Recommended,212480,23709276,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,balloon?,this game is fun for five minutes
76561198137949389,Not Recommended,212480,12589667,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,chrisran09,this game never loads and when it does the button mapping is so off. does any one know how to easilly fix this?
,Not Recommended,212480,10094472,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,ADMINVASILIS,"Bought this game a while ago because I wanted a racing game like that primarily for Multiplayer purposes.Multiplayer crashes again and again. No patch fix. Have searched for solution, there is none yet.Strongly suggest DO NOT BUY -unless you can confirm other users from your country run it with no problem, my internet connection runs fine for many games except this one-The game is fun, but can't enjoy when all the time during multiplayer I am kicked out of the session T_T"
,Not Recommended,212480,7965241,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,RedWormCharlie,I've never had such a worse time interpretinting system controls since system shock.
,Not Recommended,212480,7978875,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tonedtone,Just emulate Mario Kart. It's litterally that but broken.
,Not Recommended,212480,7310699,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Foxy the Milf Hunter,why did they got ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to voice the TF2 characters? its just stupid
,Not Recommended,212480,31033395,Posted: 8 April,all,Brotherman,sonic clone
,Not Recommended,212480,7933498,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Robot D. Sandro,rubberbanding: the game.Wish i had played Mario Kart instead
,Not Recommended,212480,10772236,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Charon,To everyone who recommended this to me...You're fired.
76561198280734385,Not Recommended,212480,34069430,Posted: 6 August,all,Plus1s,no tutorial at all?edit: I am not trolling or spaming. And I am sorry if I irritate anyone. But I do think a simple introduction will be helpful for those keyboard players who have zero experience with the game. I searched for how to drift and use weapons and I dislike the feeling of cannot strat the game immediately.
,Not Recommended,212480,7954319,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,GUY HERO,Why I cant wishlist it?
,Not Recommended,212480,1772440,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,CptNameless,Garbage.
76561198081896409,Not Recommended,212480,8343035,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Cozmer,This game just...sucks
,Not Recommended,212480,8015858,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Panda the Pendejo ¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Fun but a lazy port with obvious holes in the gameplay.
76561198033197876,Not Recommended,212480,10751910,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BeenJamin,"This is not a game to be played with friends or familyYou WILL end up killing your child over the frustration this game will cause you. This game, Is Hell.On the other hand this is a Friendship test game, if your friend won't beat you with a shovel to death after playing with him, you  should stay friends."
,Not Recommended,212480,7939804,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,❤Midna❤,i can NOT change controls i can only steer and go backwards please help me where can i change controls?
,Not Recommended,212480,9607265,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Dolph,sluggish controls... exactly what you don't want in a kart racer.
,Not Recommended,212480,8131780,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Macaroni,"Bought it for $5 as a mario kart clone. Dissapointed. Every lvl tries to do too much. The racing is acceptable. The controls could be tighter but I wasn't complaining. Until I took to the air and hated them. Land racing is fine but air and boats are sloppy. Powerups dont have that Mario Kart feel to them. They dont feel special, theyre just there. Multiplayer for it is dead. DEAD. For good reason. Even at $5 i still don't recomment you buy it."
,Not Recommended,212480,7947638,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Renaldus,YOGSCAST? ARE YOU KITTEN ME BRO. THIS IS CANCER.
,Not Recommended,212480,9924079,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Cryoton,Bad PC Port. Like it's hard to play because the game will randomly pause.The actual game (when you can play it) is a clone of mario kart with boats and planes.
,Not Recommended,212480,10278917,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,IHMAWTD,Why is sonic in a car0/10
,Not Recommended,212480,9958125,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,twitch.tv/dlauv🎃,"Don't ruin Mario Kart 8 for yourself by buying this fantastic game, because it's pretty much the exact same.Hint: I'm subverting the Sonic franchise.  To find out more:http://www.theguardian.com/technology/2014/apr/04/sonic-the-hedgehog-how-fans-have-subverted-a-fallen-mascot"
,Not Recommended,212480,23163191,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,hatty,i hate video games
,Not Recommended,212480,10741406,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Coach Z,not as good as crash nitro kart 2 for iphone and ipad
,Not Recommended,212480,7642201,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Simonay,"Repetitive.Small selection of tracks, some of which are no fun to play on anyway.Sound design is awful.Poorly ported to PC - on the loading screen it gives you tips as if you were on x-box.The only good thing I can say about this is that it is fun for a while, but quickly gets dull."
76561198045544429,Not Recommended,212480,26512494,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Puj,I was hoping for Mario Kart PC. Fun with friends. We went back to playing Amazing Frog. So there you go
76561198015876923,Recommended,212480,30594968,Posted: 18 March,all,R1,Very fun game!
,Recommended,212480,14097732,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,💕 Caitlyn ツ,good game its make me cry to play Y_Y
,Recommended,212480,14360779,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Burnt_wings,think about old crash team racing and add some salt and pepper for a sweet seasoning.. you will absolutely like it..
,Recommended,212480,14849998,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Hans Brotmeister,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed (or just SASRT) is a fast-paced kart racing game featuring many characters from previous Sega games as well as some characters not actually affiliated with Sega.While at this point I would normally give an introduction to the game's background story there is no story here. However, that leaves space to talk about the characters and modes available in SASRT because there is a load of content here.As SASRT is a kart racing game the goal is for the most part to get to the goal in time. Depending on the track the vehicle changes from a car into a boat or a plane at certain points with planes being the fastest and boats being the slowest vehicles. To get an edge over your opponents you can build up boost levels by driving over boost panels, performing tricks while in the air or drifting around corners. Getting a boost considerably speeds you up for a few seconds. The higher the boost level the higher the resulting speed boost. There is also a variety of item pickups, mostly weapons, to help you win the race. There is for example a rocket that flies in a straight line but can bounce off of walls, a drone that chases an enemy for a certain time, a tornado that reverses the enemies' directional controls, a blowfish that can be left on the track to act as a mine or a swarm pickup that places a swarm of giant wasps in front of the field. Most weapons can be either fired to the front or to the back while looking backwards. If weapons hit each other they cancel each other out, so it is possible to shoot an enemy drone before it reaches you or shoot your way through a swarm of wasps. The rarest pickup in the game is the All-Star. The probability of getting one is the higher the more you are behind. Using the all-star activates the character's All-Star mode for a few seconds, transforming their vehicle into a plane and giving them a powerful special attack that can be used as many times as you like while the All-Star mode lasts.Each character has five stats: Speed, Acceleration, Handling, Boost and All-Star. Instead of using the default stats you can pick one of several mods to alter the character's attributes. Mods take away from some stats and boost others instead. This is especially useful if your favorite character's default stats do not fit your playstyle. Most mods are unlocked by playing the character and leveling them up. The final console mod however has to be unlocked by getting a certain amount of stars in world tour mode.When you start playing the game 17 characters are available:Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, Amy & Dr. Eggman (Sonic Series)AiAi & MeeMee (Super Monkey Ball)Beat (Jet Set Radio)B.D. Joe (Crazy Taxi)Ulala (Space Channel 5)Ralph (Wreck-It Ralph)Alex Kidd (Alex Kidd Series)Shogun & Willemus (Total War Series)Football Manager (an anonymous football manager with a British accent)Team Fortress (represented by the Pyro, the Heavy and the Spy taking turns in the same vehicle)General Winter (Company of Heroes)11 more character can be unlocked through gameplay:Amigo (Samba de Amigo)Danica Patrick (an actual real life race driver)Shadow (Sonic Series)Vyse (Skies of Arcadia)NiGHTS (NiGHTS Series)Joe Musashi (Shinobi Series)Pudding (Space Channel 5)Gilius Thunderhead (Golden Axe)Gum (Jet Set Radio)Reala (NiGHTS Series)AGES (Hornet Stock Car from Daytona USA, F-14 Tomcat jet from Afterburner, Dreamcast controller)Additionally there are three downloadable characters: Metal Sonic (Sonic Series), Ryo Hazuki (Shenmue) and Yogscast (yes, that guy with the Youtube channel - I don't get it either)The race tracks in SASRT are all inspired by Sega games like the Sonic Series, Golden Axe, Panzer Dragoon, Skies of Arcadia and even Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg. One of the unique catches of the game is that the track changes with every lap. For example it happens that you drive over a bridge during one lap but when you re-visit that part of the track in the next lap you witness the bridge getting destroyed forcing you to change your vehicle into a plane to continue. In another level you are racing in a huge facility that's being flooded with the water level rising and thus changing the track with every lap.SASRT's world tour mode serves as the campaign mode. You can progress, unlock characters and console mods with stars you earn dependant on the difficulty setting you're playing on. The mode does not simply feature standard races but a variety of game modes. There are:Race (self-explanatory)Drift Challenge (perform drifts in designated zones to earn time you need to get to the goal)Versus (outrun a several opponents after one another within the time limit)Boost Challenge (keep boosting to avoid the timer ticking down)Traffic Attack (avoid an onslaught of cars on your way to the goal)Ring Race (make it through a series of rings while avoiding missing any - you know, like in Superman 64 ^^)Battle Race (win by either reaching the goal first or being the last one standing)Sprint (drive against a ghost and beat their best lap time)Pursuit (chase and destroy a tank while avoiding being blown up by it)Boost Race (like a normal race but without any pickups)There are also several cups available consisting of four tracks each. Additionally every race track and therefore every cup is available in mirrored mode to mix the experience up.Nearly all modes can be played together with up to four local players in splitscreen. It is also possible to play online with all of your local players. The designated multiplayer game modes in SASRT are:Race (same as in single player)Battle Arena (there is no goal to be reached here, just be the last one left standing)Capture the Chao (much like capture the flag - but with cars)Boost Race (same as in single player)If I was to criticize an aspect of the game it's the high requirements for some unlocks certain. Getting the last two characters requires roughly as many stars as you get for beating every world tour mission up to that point on hard. While the easy AI is even manageable for inexperienced players the hard AI is quite strong, especially in their usage of weapons. They are very good in timing their attacks to have the most devastating effect, better than 95% of human players could do it I'd argue. It's good to give the player something to strive for and SASRT is a truly rewarding game but I feel it would have been better not to lock something as essential as characters and mods that high. Instead there could have been special bonuses for bragging rights like alternate character or vehicle skins.In summary, Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed has a load of content to offer. There is a huge variety of character, race tracks and game modes. The mechanic of most of the tracks changing every lap especially stands out from the crowd. Unlike most other fun racers SASRT is a game that is not about blind luck but emphasizes skill. Getting drifts and tricks right greatly enhances your speed. Also, there are no overpowered weapons in the game. For example the wasp swarm can be avoided with proper driving skill or you can just save a weapon and blast your way through. The tornado, while being strong against inexperienced players has next to no effect against experienced players. The All-Star move, while being powerful, can not win you a race on its own. While the game is quite easy to pick up there is a lot of room for getting better and if you actually manage to beat world tour mode you are more than prepared for multiplayer.In my opinion SASRT is among the best kart games ever released and having a game like this on a platform on which hardly any kart games come out is a huge bonus. So, if you are looking for a kart game/fun racer don't look any further.More reviewshere"
76561198049736965,Recommended,212480,19123558,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,CyberChris,"My GF and I play this game when we're bored and we have a blast, especially the more we drink."
76561198180457562,Recommended,212480,19035647,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Iatmoao,"Game is really fun. People compare it to Mario Kart 8, but Sonic is better. Furthermore; it was released earlier than MK8, is cheaper and on PC."
,Recommended,212480,19083300,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dres,"A game I intend to keep playing, though I still have a few gripes with it.To get it out of the way, this is mainly focusing on the singleplayer aspect of the game (though not the main focus, still is valid for critism if they include it):1. I seem to encounter some form of odd momentum glitch when bumping into a wall whilst drifting very fast, causing me to come to a stand still or the kart to think I'm still drifting when I'm not holding down the button. Even letting go of the LT still keeps the kart into ""drift mode."" Caused a few lap resets in World Tour and frustration but probably I'm missing something.2. The rubber-band AI is downright unfair at times, especially prominent in the much later stages. I've been in first place for a good while with 2nd place AI racer not that far behind, but suddenly out of nowhere (with no possible way via item / map layout to get a blue boost) it overtakes me at the last minute. Probably my own lack of preperation/should've kept an item handy when tackling Expert but it happened far too frequently for my liking.3. No Big the Cat.4. Some of the long jump boosts (able to get in 3-4 tricks) can be pretty annoying to pull off if you've got some speed beforehand and end up losing your boost build up by hitting an invisible wall or, you know, careening off the bridge because you were going too fast.But what's good, isgood.The music is fantastic, the graphics are gorgeous, even on a rickity old computer like mine. The karts are varied as is the characters, and it's overall very satisfying to drive through. And I haven't even gotten into the multiplayer aspect yet. Though I can't comment on that with personal experience, there are multitude of reviews that go into depth about how fun it is with friends, and well, -yeah-, almost anything can be when you're with people.If you're looking for a kart/racing game and love the SEGA franchise, this is a neat little game to play. The thing is, I am not a major player nor big fan of these kinds of games, but Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed manage to rope me in with it's charm and I look forward to spending countless hours getting the achievements and playing with friends."
,Recommended,212480,19193485,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,kuj0,"This was on the top of my list to play with my new Steam Controller. I would say it's a fun combination of Diddy Kong Racing(Boosts, Cars/Boats/Planes) and Mario Kart(The Originator) based on feel and gameplay. Unique levels. Recommended for sure. The ONLY gripe I have is the selection of items. They're okay. It's not make or break, but then again I'm not that far into it so maybe you get more down the road.VIVA LE SONIC!"
76561198048845287,Recommended,212480,5380337,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Tolty_Harry,Cool Game!Makes Fun & is hilarious! ^^
,Recommended,212480,18876349,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Fukufire,"A perfect balance of single player and multiplayer content, plenty of variety in the character selection and more Sega fanservice than you could wish for. Get this game.Just beware of Traffic Attack Missions and Expert Time Trials. They will drive you insane."
,Recommended,212480,1011066,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,󠁁  󠁁,"Awesome game until you are mandatorily forced to go back and do challenges completed again.Bonus points if you did them on B-Rank and completed everything. A and S rank challenges are literally one in the same. Both feature artificial difficulty, extreme prejudice towards the player in question, and double stats (Read: Characters without speed in playable format, will be in first with no way to catch them.)Not worth 30 dollars. If it goes on sale? MUST BUY. Otherwise, it's just stressful unlocking characters and ""mod stats"" for all the cars."
,Recommended,212480,18844949,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,-=BTG=-Thunderbolt,"I know, I do not have many hours on that game on my steam account. The reason why is very simple, it makes a lot more fun to play it coop with a friend. Therefore many hours of my playtime (yeah ok ... all) are on his account.I can definitly recommend this game to anyone who liked mario kart and games like that."
,Recommended,212480,18827045,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Sunny D,"It's very good, maybe a bit more hardcore than some Mario Kart games, but also more balanced.I feel like it'd be way more fun in local multiplayer as everyone online is extremely dedicated and are all quite good, or hacking which is probably less common now.I don't have like 10+ friends to gather round and play this together, but that would definitely be the most fun. That depresses me.You can play as beat from JSR though so the game gets my recommendation"
,Recommended,212480,9395595,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,diazflac,"Better than Mario Kart.Don't get me wrong, I really enjoy any and all things Mario Kart, but Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed (SAASRT) despite having too long of a name and a horrible looking acronym, is quite excellent.If you are familiar at all with the old Nintendo 64 title Diddy Kong Racing, the easiest way to describe Sonic Racing Transformed is that it is an evolved and modernized version of DKR.There was a lesser known title,Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racingthat preceded this game in its series. While it was certainly a decent kart racer, it wasn't quite at the level that allows it to compete with the juggernaut Mario Kart series.I'll attempt to do justice to the features that I think make this game better than any Mario Kart yet.(UPDATE 5/31/14 - Yes, even better than Mario Kart 8)Vehicle Transformations MatterThis is probably the most important distinction that SAASRT does brilliantly and Mario Kart looks like a poor imitation by comparison.In Mario Kart titles up till now, going underwater and sprouting a propeller or suddenly being equipped with a hang glider, while interesting visual flair, lacks meaningful gameplay mechanic changes.Mario Kart 8 tried to do this with the anti-gravity sections and to some extent succeeds in adding a new mechanic (bumping into other racers adds a small speed boost) but it feels pretty underwhelming in practice. They might as well have just added in a few more speed boost pads. It seems to accomplish more or less the same thing.SAASRT however, when you change from Car form to Boat form, your controls change too: handling, speed, drift angle, all of these things change noticeably.Changing to Plane form? Far removed from both Car or Boat, again speed changes (planes are the fastest of the 3 forms) and you now have to navigate not just horizontally with turns on a track, but vertically as well, since you are flying through the air freely.The closest thing Mario Kart has going for it would be the bikes which debuted in Mario Kart Wii as a playstyle change vs. karts.Again though, SAASRT has the advantage here, because you don't just pick one option at the start of the race and that's it, but rather you get to switch between the various forms mid-race on almost every track.Courses Change Dramatically Between LapsRoads you were racing on just a lap before in Car form might crumble away before you as you reach a Plane transformation point and suddenly you're flying across what is now an empty chasm below.One path might change from racing on roads for 2/3 laps and on the final lap, instead of staying on the road, you jump off the side and transform into a Boat and start traversing the waters that have been below the course previously.Perhaps the most interesting part is that certain stages have sections of branching paths, where you can choose more than one way to go through portions of the course, and either transform or not depending on the route you took.Characters Grow Over Time and Become More VersatileIf we take a look at older entries in the Mario Kart franchise, character stats were pretty well set in stone by a handful of paradigms. You had your all-rounders, your quick-accelerators, your superb handlers, and your drives-like-a-tank top speed groups. Newer Mario Kart entries have been getting better about allowing some variety for a single character.However I think SAASRT is better yet than any such implementation in a Mario Kart thus far, and here's why:When you initially start the game, you have a handful of unlocked characters and their stats are displayed in a number of categories: Top Speed, Handling, Acceleration, Boost Power, and All-Star Ability Effectiveness. On the surface it seems pretty standard, but then it gets better.As you play with any character, win or lose, regardless of the mode you are playing, online or offline, that character will gain some points and a little bar will start to fill. As you continue to play with that character, and continue to fill that bar, eventually it will fill up even if you lost a bunch of matches and didn't win a single one. That character will then reach Level 2, and a new ""mod"" will unlock.Each character has a total of 7 different varieties of mods they can utilize, with a maximum character level of 6 earning you 6 out of the 7 mods. The 7th mods, called the ""Console Mods"" are unlocked in World Tour mode. Mods are chosen at the character select screen, so you can freely select different options with each new race.Each character stat is rated on a scale of 1 to 6. Just as an example of the kind of variety you can find in a single character, allow me to list the numbers of some of Sonic's mod stats:Standard Mod:Speed - 5, Acceleration - 2, Handling - 3, Boost Power - 2, AllStar Power - 2Balanced Mod:Speed - 4, Acceleration - 2, Handling - 4, Boost Power - 2, AllStar Power - 2Handling Mod:Speed - 3, Acceleration - 2, Handling - 5, Boost Power - 2, AllStar Power - 2Boost Mod:Speed - 4, Acceleration - 1, Handling - 4, Boost Power - 3, AllStar Power - 2There are 3 more possible varieties of playstyle configurationsjust for Sonic alone.Every character in the game has their own set of starting stats and their own varieties of stat changes as you unlock their versions of the mods listed above.The more you play the game with each character, the more your character roster's versatility will open up. It's a brilliantly simple and engaging way to keep people playing and to get you to try characters you would never bother with in other kart racing games.There is a Large Variety of Event ModesRace modes. When you think about the different types in a Mario Kart, what comes to mind? Regular races with items of course, maybe ""no-item"" pure races? Alright. Time Trial modes with staff ghosts? Okay sure. Vs. Battle Mode? Depends on the Mario Kart entry... but okay I'll give you that one too. What else? Anything?....yeah not really for most of them huh?This is yet another area where SAASRT really shines. Not only does SAASRT haveall of the above modesjust mentioned for Mario Karts, but it also has:Single Player Modes:Ring RaceTraffic AttackDrift RaceDrift ChallengePursuit ModeMultiplayer Modes:Battle RaceCapture the ChaoBoost RaceTons of Unlockables, Endgame is Incredibly Challenging for a Kart RacerIt's not all cheap blue shells and rubber-banding here.While I would be lying if I said there was never a cheap shot to be had and zero rubber banding, this game starts easy enough but becomes quite challenging before too long. Getting to the final upper echelons of the unlockables is worthy of praise, as it is genuinely challenging towards endgame.A helpful tip from someone who has played dozens of hours of this game on Wii U before buying it again on Steam (because it really is that good): Get used to playing World Tour mode on ""A Rank"" difficulty, because that becomes the norm before too long if you want to have any chance of getting all the characters unlocked. Yes, you will lose events. Probably a lot. The game is challenging. I managed to do it on the Wii U version, but some of the events took a frustrating number of attempts and many hours before I finally managed to get the last of them unlocked.But don't worry, there's even more stuff to unlock after that...even more challenging events....ConclusionIf you've stuck around this long, you deserve a medal. If all the above hasn't convinced you to at least give this game a shot, maybe the $19.99 MSRP instead of the usual $40-60 for a game of this caliber will?"
76561198174487446,Recommended,212480,18993647,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Joshuakerrfox,AWESOME GAME
,Recommended,212480,19350162,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,rizent,amigo is best character10/10im dead serious
,Recommended,212480,19319877,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Revalki,"land, water, airwhat else do you need in a racing game ?"
76561198064589475,Recommended,212480,19347918,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,jamesrjnash,"A great game for fun racing, Mario Kart style. Suitable for young children and works well with X-Box 360 controllers. Reasonable graphics and lots of time spent unlocking and leveling up characters."
76561198098434647,Recommended,212480,19355921,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Tao-mo,This is as close as I ever will be to having Mario Kart
76561198153203016,Recommended,212480,19414330,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,RotiBong,i love this game~~
,Recommended,212480,2637632,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Happy.Cerberus,"One of the very few arcade racing games on PC. Plus it's a great one.I would personally recommend playing with a controller for better control over drifting, but even with the keyboard it works fine."
,Recommended,212480,7786555,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DTesch357,"Most likely the best kart racer for PC in existence.  Sonic All-Stars Racing Transformed is a perfect fusion of two kart racers I played years ago - Mario Kart 64 and Diddy Kong Racing.The main mechanic of this game is the karts transforming between car, hovercraft, and airplane throughout the various courses.  Some of the courses themselves even change from lap to lap; this keeps the diversity of individual levels high, and ensures an engaging racing experience.I absolutely love this game.  Definitely worth a pickup if you enjoy kart racers - there is simply no peer on PC."
,Recommended,212480,7800524,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[FIST]Onuma,"It's nearly as good as Mario Kart, except you don't need to own a Nintendo system to play it."
,Recommended,212480,4756518,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,salt life,OH MY GOD THE BEES
,Recommended,212480,4242963,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Count Dongo,"Move over Mario Kart and Crash Team Racing, this is the new king of Kartracers"
,Recommended,212480,2850609,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,PR0XIDIAN,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is much better than the original. I also believe it to be better than mario kart. This is the spiritual successor to diddykong racing on the N64 in my oppinion. The tracks are very well designed, same with the vehicles and characters. There are some really fun cameos as well! Such as ralph from the movie Wreck it Ralph.  If you have multiple controllers, this game is perfect in big picture mode with a few friends.  ~PR0XIDIAN"
,Recommended,212480,5412301,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Randlarr,"Sonic and the Sega all-stars return in a kart racing event that can best be explained as a worthy sequel in terms of content and upgraded game mechanics. Three styles of racing (land,sea and air) seemlessly coagulate into nearly each track as you pull into position for a wild ride. The PC version features online multiplayer (even with multiple local players) unlike the previous game port. Tracks inspired by some of the greatest SEGA franchises lead you into the heart of what makes SEGA games so unique and fun, and this time Vyse is there to join the ride (a great moment for me and other Skies of Arcadia fans). Many things have changed from the first installment, such as tracks, all-star attacks, characters, and weapons, but this game plays as well as any of the other popular kart racers out there. Definitly a must buy for any Sonic and Kart Racing fan on the PC. Play it now and watch it transform your opinion on recent SEGA games."
,Recommended,212480,7773606,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,roflcopterpilot,This is the best cart racing game I've ever played. I'm at 101% and around 34 hours and I could play this easily for another 30 more as far as accomplishing the full 105%.
,Recommended,212480,7774248,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Molotov Slacker,"This takes me back to my days of Mario Kart, takes a little getting used to and definately need a controller kb/m just don't do this justice imo but once you get into it a little it really opens up and you can have some fun.  I haven't even tried out the multiplayer yet so I still have all that to look forward to :D"
,Recommended,212480,526746,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Malignant Bear,"I'm no stranger to Mario Kart, it has been and probably will continue to be one of the party games of choice in my home for many years. I'm also well acquainted with Sega characters, having grown up with blue hedgehog consoles. When Transformed came out, I assumed it was a crappy knockoff and cash grab. Oh, how I love to be wrong. The House of Plumber could take a few notes on how to add some new and interesting concepts to what is a well-worn (and well loved) genre. The tracks are fun and imaginative, the items easy and satisfying to use, the characters cool and the token feature a blast. My only complaints with the game come in sound design, namely the awful announcer and the unfortunate lack of original voice actors on some characters. Transformed more than holds its own against the old standby."
,Recommended,212480,7776492,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,"BEETS, by Dr. Borscht","If you're looking for a game to scratch your Mario Kart itch on the PC, and want a game in that vein that isn't completely dependent on luck and rubber-banding, Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing Transformed is it.The PC port of this game is very technically proficient (I can run it at 2560x1440 at 60 FPS with my 560Ti), has 360 pad support, and has good netcode so that no random teleporting or other lag-related nonsense ever happens when you play online. Which is accomplished by *forcing* clients to always have their state properly sync'd, and would rather have players lose control of their kart for a split-second as their game tries to sync in the event of a network de-sync. The result is that when something happens in the game, it happens. No nonsense. And from my personal experience, this very, very rarely ever happens - and I think it's a good trade-off.The reason I'm giving so much emphasis on the netcode is because I think Transformed is inherently a game that is meant to be played with others, and a sane, consistent online experience is paramount to that.And I have to say that despite growing-up with Kart racers (namely, Mario Kart on the SNES, N64, and GameCube), Transformed is easily my favourite Kart racer of all time, due to the good online experience, and its focus on skilled driving and item-use. No connection and luck-based nonsense here."
,Recommended,212480,3578205,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,CyrixSG,"This title caught me by surprise.  When it went on sale, I checked the community forums to see how close to Mario Kart it was, and surprisingly, most people agreed that it was even better.  I took the bait, and with more game modes and the transformation twists, I would have to agree.  Quite fun and addicting."
,Recommended,212480,2949690,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,demadeefy,"A very, very good arcade racing game. Unmissable for all SEGA fans."
,Recommended,212480,7778371,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TheNotoriousRNG,It's not Mario Kart and that is GOOD! It's a racing game that doesn't bore me to tears. And I love the unlocks and stages. Worth a impluse buy and play!
76561198041046036,Recommended,212480,10412328,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,[xG] Swampert,best racing game ive ever played.
,Recommended,212480,5359877,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Rahnelg,"Some may say Sonic and cars don't mix, but this game is pretty awesome. It's not just racing, it's racing TRANSFORMED!! XD"
76561197970623301,Recommended,212480,10384222,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Keitaran,Haven't had so much fun in a racing game with friends since Mario Kart 64. The vihicles react responsive enough and the weapons are ok. I totally love the transforming vihicle's and they have a lot of good tracks to race on and you can level your characters!! Giving them access to other configurations for their vihicles and you can unlock more characters.
76561198049761013,Recommended,212480,10421787,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Pwnsomeguy,"This game is a very interesting beast. On one hand, I love the game for having better track design, great characters, and fun as hell gameplay, but it is also plauged with loading time issues (the game pulls a source engine and freezes while loading up the races), no ability to get a speed boost during the countdown (if ya can do it, I couldn't do it by regular means, which is messed up considering that the first game got it right), the Monkey Ball courses still being a piece of crap (freakin hate those 90 degree turns >:|), but I have to say, even with the problems, its still a good game, but the first is way better. If ya want to get a good racing game from sega...well....there is the first one....or the other sega racing games that I never played....and the console versions are way better.....uhhhh.......just get it in the sega bundle..."
,Recommended,212480,990387,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Nettacki,This one is an excellent kart racer. One of the best I've ever played.
76561197973608568,Recommended,212480,7901083,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Mr_Eponymous,"Easily one of the best kart racing games available, but be warned, this game is tough.. Although the weapons are fairly well balanced. there is still an element of luck, but it never feels like the game is cheating. More importantly, it's never anything other than great fun! Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,10804090,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sandy Nutcheeks,"Great racing game, but still not as good as - Shrek Smash 'n' Crash RacingShrek is Love, Shrek is Life. If you do not live by these words, then your life will be ogre."
,Recommended,212480,10821500,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Buster,I'm upset this isn't Sonic R 2.It's a fun little racing game though. I'd buy it.
,Recommended,212480,10822318,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,[KAOS] Jon Wolfe,"This game is fun, challenging, and downright beautiful. You owe it to yourself to give it a try, it's an absolute blast!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Vc9FqUNgRQo"
76561198082867073,Recommended,212480,10823746,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,PrincessBuBBLEGuM<3,I love this game.. Takes me back to Mario Kart on the 64 back in the day!! Very fun and addicting:)
,Recommended,212480,10824222,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AreoLive [VDT],"This game has the best elements from every other arcade/cart style racing game all rolled into one! If you like Mario Cart and you are a sonic fan, grab this bad boy. The game looks stellar and plays pretty smooth. The levels so far (I'm 6 or so in) are really amazing! 9/10 I'd say!NOTE: I play with a 360 controller and has a very fluid transfer of button layouts. And apears to acomidate split screen very well!"
,Recommended,212480,10829193,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,J-Gravina,Cartoon kart racer with better levoloution than BF4........let that sink in
,Recommended,212480,2140724,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,TheRedKirby (๑╹ڡ╹๑),"Modern, but good, kart racer. By that I mean DAMN THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥GETS FRUSTRATING, but it's not really bad, just prepare to get mad."
,Recommended,212480,10818462,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,AnalogousPants5,"Surprisingly good as an arcadey-mascot-Mario Kart-like racing adventure.  Interesting cast of playble characters, possibly one of the most ecclectic in video games that I've seen.  Crazy taxi guy is best."
76561198041107432,Recommended,212480,10819152,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ComfyToko,sanic fast
76561198055008381,Recommended,212480,10807461,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ronan.smits,Imho better then Mario Kart. Lots of tracks.Highly recommended!
76561198015594076,Recommended,212480,2993599,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Processor,#1 kart racing game on the PC. That's all that needs to be said.
,Recommended,212480,10810165,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spooky Scary Man,"I really love this game, really nice looking and super fun to play, though its hard to use a keyboard it do-able, but I strongly recommend you use a controler to play the game."
,Recommended,212480,10813173,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Strawberry Milk,i did not expect this game to be this good. its like  better than every other of the cart racing games.
,Recommended,212480,10708415,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,BalianBlue,Do you wanna go fast?Course you doScrub11/10
,Recommended,212480,7357539,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Zarocus1337,Great racing game easy to pick up and you can race against your friends online :D
76561198081003061,Recommended,212480,10677667,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sharp,great game
,Recommended,212480,10745404,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Jefferson,Brilliant game if you and a couple of friends want to mess around. And then rage at each other. Ah CTR nostalgia days. But seriously its a good game. And the best part is no blue shell to ruin your first place lead.
76561198088368493,Recommended,212480,10853627,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Miles Per Hour,"I love the game so much! its gotta be the only game that can come toe to toe to Mario Kary 7 HOWEVER i dont understand the animated blood and randome characters that have nothing to do with the Sonic The Headgehog franchise such as Team Fortress 2. I do know that most of the characters have ben released on Saga consols or and was directly created by Saga in the past such as Beat. Overall, i love this game SOOOO MUCH and i love the dialogs for Tails - my hero - and i also love the dialogs for pretty much all the outher characters aswell. If I could rate this, I would give it a 15%10. Great - but confuseing - work from Saga once again! :D"
,Recommended,212480,10854835,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BCouto,It's like a SEGA version of Mario Kart. Great game if you're into those kinds of racing games. Very fun and very challenging!
,Recommended,212480,10040057,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,*FPCG| LeviathaN,"Really really fun to play. Alone, online, local multiplayer, doesn't matter, it's very funny :D"
,Recommended,212480,8657406,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,[xG]Syndai,Awesome Game!
76561198047763108,Recommended,212480,8658143,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Lab B203,I didn't know Sanic had a driver's license
,Recommended,212480,3198479,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,WineCannon,Did you ever own a Sega Genesis? Did you like it? Of course you did. You should play this game now.
,Recommended,212480,8662914,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Brooksolicious,"Better than Double Dash, 64, Wii and 7, on par with the original on the SNES, Advance and DS. Fantastic course design, great characters, a good choice of different specs for each character and just an all around brilliant game. Cannot recommend enough."
76561197976210851,Recommended,212480,710235,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,AlmightyWang,This game rules!
,Recommended,212480,8535632,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,[Ynot] SyK0T1C,"This is a great game. The cars are fancier and cooler-looking than Mario Kart games, the boosts are fancier, cooler looking, longer lasting, and more futuristic than Mario Karts 7 and 8 (dude, seriously, a mushroom is NOT fit for a BOOST item), the stages are over the top, unlike Mario Kart, who has the same characters and only bit-futuristic stages over and over and over again, despite the fact that you need WAY more skills to beat people online in this game than Mario Kart games, this is the BEST. RACING. GAME. EVER. Despite the skilled players, even online is a good experience. (It depends on which graphics you use) The game is 0% choppy, never crashes, and barely lags even online. GET THIS GAME, YOU WON'T REGRET IT!!!"
,Recommended,212480,8526927,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Big Dirty,Greatest racing game ever. Way ahead of its time.
,Recommended,212480,8528503,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Initium Icarus,"Pretty good game, fun for all ages! If you love Merryo kart. You'll dig this."
76561198075752470,Recommended,212480,6804690,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,gunx5 gr,YOU WANNA BUY THAT ITS FREAKING AWSOME!
,Recommended,212480,5678011,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Dragonliege,The most intensive skill-based racer out there for any Console. All racing enthusiasts should deffinatly give this a try~!
,Recommended,212480,8546057,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Indigo,ok so?fast?
,Recommended,212480,5055950,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,malcrash01,"Sonic & all-stars racing transformed is a great,innovative,and stunning cartoon racing game.the game has a ton of love and nostalgia for hardcore sega fans (like the dreamcast VMU as a character).the idea for transforming from boat to plane and to car is fine and cool (although the plane sections could be a mess if you can't handle it well).though it maybe for hardcore fans (there are some deep strategies thanks to the mod system),sonic & all-stars racing transformed is fun and very enjoyable to play.seal of aprroval for TF2 characters and ralph(REALLY good being a disney fan now).*EDGE: the PC version provides bonus characters from TF2 and sega's other strategy games. the PC version also provides trading cards and badges. the Wii-u version provides 5-player local/online multiplayer."
76561198049465659,Recommended,212480,7576098,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Speeds,"Really great racing game, everything just feels right. Really fun with friends too."
,Recommended,212480,3241780,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,86239 skinhub.com,On par with mario kart! maybe even better!
,Recommended,212480,8618530,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TehMuffinMoo,"Really fun game! Getting 3 stars on some races is really hard, but the challenge is all part of the game!"
,Recommended,212480,8601481,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,EvilDoRuk,"Not really a fan of the ""All-Stars"", but otherwise a surprisingly good racer. Definitely more than your typical mascot cash-cow racing title."
,Recommended,212480,1968545,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Beargod,Really crummy graphics issues. Game unplayable after three hours. Cut scenes don't play and all text boxes are invisible.Probably yet another bad console port.
,Recommended,212480,5268755,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,COMMODORE,"Very fun to play, online competition and 4 players in the same computer!"
76561198077476399,Recommended,212480,8610054,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Opecu,"This is a racing fun game that everbody should try to play. It's fun,cool, and it's long! Awsome game that i recomend everbody to try! :D"
,Recommended,212480,8610365,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,THE PUMPKIN KING85,my son plays this but still a fun racing game
,Recommended,212480,7933468,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,AllisonAxe,Great fun. the best kart racer on PC since Wacky Wheels.
76561198040856772,Recommended,212480,7933917,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Fish,Anyone We Could Get All Stars Racing Transformed
76561198041015735,Recommended,212480,7933964,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Snowman,"haha, gud tyme"
,Recommended,212480,7933986,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Super Noob,A very fun Mario Kart clone that has its own unique elements.
76561198049717097,Recommended,212480,7934253,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Voltron1823,This game is so much fun. Just played with my little brother and sister for the past four hours and didn't get tired of it. Definitely recommend it. One of the best Arcade racing games i've seen in recent years.
76561198044763450,Recommended,212480,7934375,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,akazunotoki,"An excellent kart racing game that would normally be negatively seen as ""Just another Mario Kart Clone"" but is actually superior to that franchise on a few elements, and all around less frustrating to play. If you like Mario Kart and Sega games this could be nice surprise.Now what exactly is so good about it? First off, the controls are excellent, especially the drifting which feels natural and more interesting that the Mario equivalent.Also the items, while not extremely innovative, take care of the biggest problem in Mario Kart: Blue Shells. In this game, the Blue Shells are replaced with something called the Swarm, which adds obstacles in the region of the race that the first players are in. This slows them down but it can still be dodged if you are skilled, making it far less frustrating and more fair.The fact that the races change during the course of multiple turns is also very nice, and the maps themselves are very fun and differents. Even the way to unlock new maps and players, the Carreer mode, is very fun and gives a nice sense of progress.And the game can be both challenging and more casual based on how you want to play, but it still feels more fair than how Mario Kart ususally ramps up the difficulty.All in all, a nice game I greatly recommend!"
76561198073758163,Recommended,212480,7934763,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[C.O.G]The Welshman,If you like mario kart you will love this
,Recommended,212480,7935122,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,RedBluGrn,"Play it, BUY IT"
,Recommended,212480,7935628,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Rogu,You can race as Heavy\Spy\Pyro for god's sake.
,Recommended,212480,7935632,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Chad Thundercock,goty 2013
,Recommended,212480,7935764,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cab00se138,Very addicting.
76561197995233963,Recommended,212480,7935854,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Eze,Amazing game. Needs patching.
,Recommended,212480,22573,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Nooterdootle,"If you like Mario Kart, get this game."
,Recommended,212480,7937813,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Galaxian,"This game is great.It has really nice graphics,really addictive gameplay and its online multiplayer is just great as well."
76561198061380163,Recommended,212480,7937831,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,MNeiva,Nice game!
,Recommended,212480,7937832,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Radutron,"I was skeptical at first, but this game is super fun. The drifting mechanic (from the first game) is cool, and I love how the water, and air segments mixes up the track. The tracks themselves will change even if you're still in the air for the second lap. The WORLD TOUR feature is cool way to earn extra characters, and has different/fun challenges. I think this racing game is what Mario Kart should have done already. It just still annoys me that Sonic needs to be driving a car."
76561197966818368,Recommended,212480,7937996,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ssexe,"What a well polished and fun game, hotdamngood. This is a must have for everyone."
,Recommended,212480,7938238,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,ICEBLASTS,"One of the few kart games for PC that does it right, extreamly fun nearly on par with crash team racing."
,Recommended,212480,7938498,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Gil.Goldshlager,"It is an AMAZING game!!!I came here to Steam a specially for it.I will also gonna buy it for my Nintendo Wii U console during this month.I really LOVE it, even that I don't know a lot of the characters, but I do of course know and love Sonic and Monkey Ball characters.I'm a single player, who really enjoy all the single player games in it, they are not boring at all and are challenging, so this game is much more than just for multiplayer.of course the multiplayer is a lot of fun and challenging too.But I must say that to enjoy it, you do need a controller.I started playing it using a keyboard and then bought a controller.Any home should have this game ;)"
,Recommended,212480,7938971,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Gawainn of Painn,Quite awesome! Recommended for those who yearns for a local multiplayers gameplay.
76561197964286774,Recommended,212480,8909278,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Crza,"Single Player AI is broken to the nth degree.  It's absolutely absurd.  Now pair that with the funnest driving mechanics, biggest roster and most fun multiplayer modes for a Kart racer since forever, and you've got a pretty good game right there.  Highly recommend this if you can get some friends together and play, if not, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,212480,8913108,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,✪ Oppai ✪,This game is mind-blowingly addicting. I can't stop playing this no matter what. If SEGA were to bring in good character and level DLC then this game would be hours of fun.
,Recommended,212480,8913517,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,[CC] benthelesser,"Pretty entertaining throwback to the racing games of our youth with a nice, modern twist. Filled with cameos and unlockable players from all across the gaming universe. Solid 7/10"
,Recommended,212480,4332537,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Duck109,10 times better than any Mario Kart. Think F-Zero GX mixed with Diddy Kong Racing. If only it had tag team like double dash.
,Recommended,212480,9068014,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr. Bucket,"For those looking for a game combat their urge to play Forza 5, look elsewhere.However, for those looking for a fun, challenging, and downright visually stunning kart racer, this is the game for you. Beautiful, colorful cartoonish graphics at every sharp turn of these sharply designed, fun tracks based off your favorite sega games (Sonic, House of the Dead, Monkey Ball, Jet Set Radio, ect.) With some 3rd party characters showing up to race this time around, the roster seems a bit odd. Rest assured, you will find a character you enjoy playing. On top of that, to be any good at the game you need to play World Tour mode. A lot. Because the game at first is CRUSHINGLY difficult. I've never played a kart racer this hard before. Online is great if you have other friends who have the game.This game for a racer is loads of fun, high replay value if friends own it too, and is well polished to the eyes.As a racing game, Sonic and Sega All Stars Racing Transformed gets a 8/10"
76561198051301369,Recommended,212480,5524230,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,deadpool,For a Sonic game this is a pretty good one.
,Recommended,212480,10000021,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,[ARG]Mateo03,"3 words: I LOVE IT!.Seriously is the best racing kart game out there, it reminds me those racing arcade games of the 90s , including the awesome SEGA references over the karts and tracks!.Its one of those games that youll want to play it hours and hours.totally worth it ;)"
,Recommended,212480,7428979,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,SonsOfLiberty86,"Do you like Mario Kart games? If so, I would highly recommend it to anyone who likes Mario Kart. It's like the Mario Kart of the PC world, and it has some awesome tracks. It's also cool cause in most races you transition between planes, cars, and boats, all in one racetrack. Also lots of powerups and weapons to pick up on the map and use againstt each other. Tons of unlocks, upgrades, characters, and ranked challenges to complete, I think this is a very well made arcade racing game. I Get this game and race with me!"
,Recommended,212480,10037994,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,King Bong,"Got this as part of the Sonic Franchise pack and would say that it was worth it for this game alone.Takes everything great about Mario Kart, removes the blue shell, increases the speed and adds some fun plane and boat sections. Tracks terraform as you race meaning you might start off in karts before the course gets destroyed, forcing you to finish the race using a different vehicle.I'd even go as far as saying this is more enjoyable than Mario Kart!My only negative comment would be that the controller support can be a bit glitchy in menus. For example, after completing a race, ""continue"" will be highlighted although pressing A will select ""retry"" unless you press up on the left stick first. (X360 controller for windows). First world problems...9/10"
76561198092139720,Recommended,212480,10019204,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,JustinDavid,"I love sonic games and the Jet Set Radio franchises. this game(and the one before this game) made it possible to play as beat, and Sonic in a racng game I love the tracks, the characters, and the music. This game is amazing and I would recomend it to anyone who loves anything like mario kart, or just likes plain speed games.I would only love this game more if it was for the mac OSX because my windows computer broke down, and i prefer playing games on my mac. Other then that this game would be perfect for almost anyone."
,Recommended,212480,4532766,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,[FP] Zaros,"BETTER THAN THE ♥♥♥♥ UP MARIO KART WII WAS, A++++++"
,Recommended,212480,3151406,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Carnival Nights!,"It's like being in a carnival, a really wacky carnival and you go fast. You go fast in that really wacky carnival."
,Recommended,212480,3339923,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,MasterOfHope,"This game is seriously one of the most fun race games I've ever played. It's an amazing kart racer, so good that I think it's better than any Mario Kart. It's got a great array of playable characters, and an amazing range of maps. It's fun, it's cool, it's great, you should buy it and play it."
76561198009513157,Recommended,212480,9967568,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Omega Supreme,Good classic racing game.
,Recommended,212480,4812559,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,White_hat!,"This game is da moffockn bomb. It takes the old Mario kart formula, chews it up, spits it out, douses it in kerosene then sets it on fire. Result? One of the best kart racing games of this generation."
,Recommended,212480,8175543,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,d34th66,this is a wonderful racing game and a great alternative to mario cart. fun for the family or alone.
76561198048275945,Recommended,212480,9952255,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,DualShear,"This is the best kart racing game I've played since Double Dash. The music, the levels, the characters, the mechanics. Everything just feels perfect. If you love kart racing games. You must add this to your collection. Trust me, you will have tons of fun."
,Recommended,212480,2864410,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Sundance Kid,BEST GAME EY
,Recommended,212480,6748567,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Mud,This and Sonic Generations is a must have!
,Recommended,212480,10501032,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Cuda,Great fun to pick up on sale and play with friends! Mario Kart for the PC
76561197969711320,Recommended,212480,365533,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,wearecity,"It's a steal already at £19.99, it'll be daylight robbery during the sale. Most fun I've had on a racer in ages."
76561197960389247,Recommended,212480,18627,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Rona,"It's what Mario Kart should have been before Nintendo put their heads up their own♥♥♥♥♥again.  The rubberbanding isn't nearly as bad as MK or MNR, but it's still there on the higher difficulties.  The weapons are a bit cheap and some of the game modes will make you want to punch a newborn, but the transitions and smoothness of the racing make up for it.  A lot of replay value."
,Recommended,212480,10393891,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Dustin The IT Guy,"Endless hours of pure fun, all wrapped in a nice package with Yogscast DLC and the Football Manager.8/10, could be better optimized, but even on low it looks amazing."
,Recommended,212480,10350095,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,yeezy taught me,"Quite possibly the greatest racing game ever made. No, the greatest GAME ever made. got 2 go fats"
,Recommended,212480,10359060,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,geekofband007,"One of the best cart racing games ever.  Better then most of the mario karts.  There are tons of tracks that are really interesting, unique and beautiful to race around.  Lots of characters and each one feels a little different then the others.  There are also a ton of different race types.  I've put in 5 hours and feel that i've barely cracked the surface.  Tons of fun.  Highly recommend."
,Recommended,212480,10442595,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,WOrLdWAr2,"Got hit up the♥♥♥♥♥by 3 rockets, not 3 shells, and dropped 7 places. gg 10/10"
,Recommended,212480,10455056,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,SophieDude,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing transfomed (is a mouthful) BUT the game is amazing!! Its a clone of mario kart but has enough changes to be its own game. The game has a lot of references to lots to Classic sega games and I mean ALOT!! the physics are great the  characters that are playable are great. And the music IS Awesome!!. one thing I hate about This game is that Danica Patrick is in the game, WHY?!?!"
,Recommended,212480,2776840,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,kungee,Been a while since I've played a game that is as good as Mario Kart. This one may be even better! Highly recommend this game if you're a fan of MK and Diddy Kong Racing!
76561197970517990,Recommended,212480,10875957,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AceMaverick,"As a kid I bought N64's mario cart, diddy kong racing, and fzero. This game is all of that and more. If you were into those games as a kid you will surely like this game as an adult."
,Recommended,212480,10876927,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,[insertusernamehere],"Pros:+Kart racing in the vein of Mario Kart+Plenty of things to do between the events, grand prix, multiplayer modes, and online+Beautiful graphics+Neat item pickups+Great transformation mechanic, feels cool to transform+Decent soundtrack, but nothing to write home aboutCons:-Some events can be almost impossible to complete at higher difficulties-On very rare occasion, the physics of the game will cause you to get flipped around if you hit an obstacle-Item pickups are creative but have concepts heavily borrowed from the Mario Kart franchise-Characters like Danica Patrick and Wreck-It Ralph feel more like cash-ins than thoughtful ideasOverall: 7.5/10Very good game, but copies too much from Mario Kart item-wise to be better than Mario Kart."
,Recommended,212480,10880753,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Spic,This is an excellent big-brother to Mario Kart and well worth the money!
,Recommended,212480,10881916,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Dinky Kang,Sanic can go fest
,Recommended,212480,10871587,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Boggus,One of the best kart-racers ever made.
,Recommended,212480,10875382,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Godz,This game is awesome if u like all the old school games liek sonic and all those ull luv this!
,Recommended,212480,10875678,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,cooliocaptin517,Thoroughly enjoyed this game as much as washing my hands. (bad joke)
,Recommended,212480,10937015,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Cydran,"Such a great game, probably one of the only good kart games on PC. Great variety in characters and levels, as well as the game modes. Awesome to play with friends.DLC is okay, but only includes characters instead of tracks.Heavily replayability pays for the quite short time it takes to complete the World Tour.Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,212480,10922439,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,M0MMY☺,"I highly recommend this game. It is addicting and tons of fun!Hitting enemies with your weapons is very easy and the drifting is smooth. Overall, this game is REALLY fast paced and quick to finish.Beware, the computers are amazing... even on medium difficulty... I currently race on the hardest difficulty and I average about 2nd-3rd place... They're snipers..."
,Recommended,212480,10996296,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Flex,swag
,Recommended,212480,11119578,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Plankus Spankus,"What do you get when you combine Mario Kart and Balance?Answer: Sonic & All-Stars Racing TransformedThe developers are huge fans of SEGA and it shows in the amount of attention to detail in levels for games that quiet frankly we forgot about. The game is perfect for those bursts of ""I JUST SHOT A SWARM OF BEES IN YOUR FACE JACK♥♥♥♥♥HAHAHA"" momentsgrab it and love it."
76561197997056206,Recommended,212480,8112697,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,-§§Ð-PlumpDumper,awesome game!
,Recommended,212480,8164491,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Tropical Dad,"22 Hours so far, loving the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game, Challanging unlike Mario Kart, best Kart Racer since Mario Kart Double Dash."
,Recommended,212480,8166582,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,White.Sausage,Really fun and good graphics!
,Recommended,212480,4863040,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Ninjabacca,"It's like my childhood bundled up into one racing game, but instead of your kiddy casual kart racer, it's a full on man making game, where if you don't know how to do 2 things: go sanic fast and tokyo drift, you are ♥♥♥♥ed. They even got Ecco the Dolphin in here. Yeah, I just got you hyped right there."
76561198048554394,Recommended,212480,5363292,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,FireTemper,This is the best racing game I have ever played. But this is no mario kart clone. I might go as far to say that this is better.I recommend this to anyone who is either a fan of sonic or mario cart.
,Recommended,212480,8187824,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kamen Pâtissier Compiffytune,You drive cars that turn into boats and planes because you're too slow.
,Recommended,212480,8190574,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Judas,"splendid game for those who wants to test their patience, because u can't win by racing once :) but still it's a fantastic game to play with friends"
,Recommended,212480,2865552,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,SonicHyuga,This has probably got to be one of the best racers I have ever played. Really nothing more to say than to just play it yourself.
76561198060331018,Recommended,212480,8156676,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,charlesleif,Awesome!!!! Suped up version of Diddy Kong Racing.  Very addicting
,Recommended,212480,8158089,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,=ACG= PAPYRUS_74,cool
,Recommended,212480,182072,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,ME-tan,"Don't let the Sonic name fool you, Sonic franchise stuff only makes up 1/4th of the game content. If you like Mario Kart you'll love this."
,Recommended,212480,8104921,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,WriterInTheDark,This is totally awesome @_@
,Recommended,212480,8105872,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,King Tiff,"10/10 Sonic was there and there were stars and racing. And all round package of Sonic, Stars and Racing."
,Recommended,212480,8109788,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Undead Rufus,"My siblings had Sega Game Gears as kids, so I have some nostalgic attachment to the Sonic franchise and picked up SASRT largely for this reason. I really didn't expect much, but I've put in six hours as of this writing, and I can honestly say I'm hooked on the game. It's a great cart racer with amazing graphics and some really clever track design. The various drivers are different enough to change up the gameplay experience when you're in a rut, and a good selection of modes keeps the maps interesting. Easily worth the sale price, and would even be worth the full price."
76561198021344793,Recommended,212480,8131292,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mien-Shan,"a very fun arcade style racing game with some very unique elements, good sizeable roster, good amount of game modes, and very well put together tracks.an overall good fun game, espeically when playing with freinds"
,Recommended,212480,8153782,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,RoadsideHomicide,this is one of the crazyst raceing games on the market i love it
,Recommended,212480,8154109,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MrDevyn,Just like Mario Kart but with other stars. Tons of fun and online is very addicting!
76561198057754097,Recommended,212480,8172508,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dead Gorilla Meme,BEST. RACING. GAME. EVAR!
,Recommended,212480,8173776,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eva Jager,"The most fun I've had racing since Mario Cart 64. Everthing about this game, from it's answer to the blue shell, to the impressive level of challenge is just fantastic. It's polished, controls well, and gives a very disticnt and potent sense of speed. The dynamic vhehicle transformations open up level design to provide tons of fun and hidden shortcuts. There are tons of characters from all of Sega's best and even more obscure franchises. The music is nostalgic and well mixed. And the online play is the cherry on top."
76561198059102562,Recommended,212480,8175492,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Aufban,Best Karting Game on PC. Nuff said.
76561198051762786,Recommended,212480,11247572,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Skull13,"Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing was very enjoyable.  Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed blew my mind!  Since I got it, I can't stop playing it!  There's so much content in this game, and the missions just keep me coming back for more!  Woth every penny it gets!5 out of 5!!!!!"
,Recommended,212480,11371752,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Ryzl,"pretty fun, like mario cart but sonic. If on sale its worth a buy"
76561198075867570,Recommended,212480,11374940,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,♡ Gemini Goddess ♡,"A very enjoyable racing experience. Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed does a great job proving that it's a worthy rival against Mario Kart and any other racing games. Whether it's single player or multiplayer, the game is sure to be fun.Rating: 8.5/10"
76561198080742334,Recommended,212480,6962094,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,euro-zavin,покупаем ребят пока скидка на неё
76561198076702918,Recommended,212480,7308266,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Elysian Warrior,Do you remember Sonic Sega alstars racing 1? Well this game takes the racing to a WHOLE NEW LEVEL and this game may seem like a MArio kart 7 knock off but it's not!
,Recommended,212480,11398002,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Cheg,"snickers and all suns karting transistion is the best game of the 19thcentury in this gaym u can plaiy as knuxeles the enchillidia and danic patrick star and even wreck it ralph because sega is amazing there are also the team fortress guy for some god foresaken reason but i had to stop playing this game as it was to scary 4 me, my virgin eyes were not prepared for this games hotnesses"
,Recommended,212480,11415830,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,WorldStarHipHopVEVO,"This game is very fun.The tracks are cool, the soundtrack is great, and the variety of different terrains is interesting. There is also more of a variety of characters in this game than the previous game with some additions, such as leveling-up characters and race mods.Some of the things I disliked about this game is the way to unlock characters, which you do by either completing missions or doing grand prix tournaments. some of the missions are very challenging and it will take time for you to get all the characters. I also dislike the mirror tracks, which I hate in all racing games.Other than that, it is a really fun game and you should buy it."
,Recommended,212480,11808978,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,the_snash,Now It's time to play Mario Kart on PC!!. Cool!
,Recommended,212480,448487,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,SleepySid,"This game is great fun, I'd highly recommend playing it with a controller though."
76561198012272425,Recommended,212480,11803909,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,djvj,Favorite cart racing game on the PC. You just don't get better than this for cart fans!
,Recommended,212480,6124856,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Twitch Fawkes,"Sonic All-Stars Racing Transformed is a great kart racer that differentiates itself enough to stand as ample competition for Mario Kart.The tracks are very unique with nearly each track representing one of Sega's games. If you think about it, The tracks are like gazing into Sega's history, which is pretty cool. The tracks also have different paths that you can take as well as be able to change mid-race thanks to the Car Transformation mechanic. My favorite track is House of the Dead. You'll see what I mean. ;)There is a wide cast of characters that, just like the tracks, symbolize Sega's gaming history. Each character, as they level up, can use 'mods' to their car so they play differently based on your playstyle. It's not too customizable as each mod is preset but there is enough to give you room to breathe and test everything. The weapons are pretty fun too.This game has all the great facets of Mario Kart that made it so addicting back in the day. If you are a fan of the old Mario Kart games, you cannot go wrong with this one!"
,Recommended,212480,12194553,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Dozer,"Such a polished karting game. Love all the game modes, has a high skill cap and beautiful visuals. Would highly recommend playing with friends or solo."
,Recommended,212480,12161648,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Irdes,"I recommend this game with all of my heart.I have played a lot of different kart and not kart racing games.My favourite was Need For Speed 5: Porsche Unleashed - it had the balance between being too realistic to be easily enjoyable and being too arcade-y to be interesting and challenging.It was my favourite for 12 years.Now there is FINALLY a racing game that I like more.That game is Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed.This game is one of the best experiences I have EVER had.This game always grips you with a hard challenge, but it gives you that feeling of ""Hey, I'm getting closer! I might be able to win the next time!"" instead of the feelings like ""Damn, the only difficulty is not to fall asleep *boredomquit*"" and ""WHAT THE?! HOW DO BOTS     DO THAT! IT'S PHYSICALLY IMPOSSIBLE! *ragequit*""This game keeps you on the very edge; It makes you believe you can win EVEN if it does not look likely. And not because of the powerups - they're perfectly balanced.Because every time, your best is just that little bit not enough, and you improve, and it makes you happy.This game makes you happy.You don't need to be first to become happy - you need to finish JUST ahead of that guy in front, you need to JUST get this corner JUST a little faster - and you have JUST enough skill to do it, if you try.I wasn't EVER into matchmaking nor leaderboards - now I want to beat this time, I want to finish ahead of that guy - just to make us both happy.Buy this game - discounts, seasons do NOT matter. If you are a fan of racing, or if you want to try racing for your first time - THIS is your choice."
,Recommended,212480,12165324,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Foas,This game is truly amazing in every way. the graphics are amazing. the multiplayer is really fun. the gameplay is fun too.If you don't have this game yet. i would totally reccommend it! 10/10
,Recommended,212480,12181866,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,HealyHQ,Better than Mario Kart. And I don't say that lightly.
,Recommended,212480,11983017,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Uncle Fungus,This is♥♥♥♥♥♥poop ♥♥♥♥ you Billy goddamnit
,Recommended,212480,12034142,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Oddhandjob,"This is a very weird racing game that can take some getting used to, but then, that's what makes it so fun.You got a lot of Sega Characters to choose from, even characters that aren't exactly Sega Characters, such as Team Fortress characters and Wreck-it Ralph. A lot of them are fan favorites, I mean, they have Shenmue's Ryo Hazuki, what more is there to say? [he's DLC, yeah, but still]The gameplay sort of feels like Blurr, but with sort of wackier, out of place power-ups, like a puffer fish, iceballs, bee's...oh god not the bee's! AUUUUUGHHHHHH!!!! THEY'RE IN MY EYES! MY EYES!! ALLGHHHH! AUUGHAALGHRBRBRBRGH!The game's also got some good, mostly fair challenges for you to play through, at up to 3 difficulties. They don't very too much, but it's not always redundant, and a few of the racing tracks and music tracks will take you back if you're a Sega fan.With Splitscreen and Online, it's easy to invite your friends to this game. It's also very easy on your hardware if you can run games like Team Fortress 2 without a problem. It's a surprisingly flexible PC game.If you like weird racing games with some familiar characters, tracks, and offline co-op, this game is a good deal. I recommend a controller for this game."
,Recommended,212480,12038129,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Iridur,"Fun, fast paced, Mario Kart like action. With Sonic. And Danica Patrick. And so on. Worth it if on sale."
,Recommended,212480,12021882,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Dr Amoveo,"The Doc here with a review for SASRT! Let the operation begin!So yes i love Sonic like any other 90's kid, so yes im a little biased. This game is a great sequal to the first game, bringing a new twist on the kart racing generation. Now yes, i know transforming isnt new in a kart game but i think they way SEGA implemented it here was great in both execution and functionality. The races feel smooth in their transition from kart to boat to plane modes with no real lag in control. Overall i do love the way the game plays...which brings me to the ugly side of the game...the lineup.Who in their right mind decided that Danica was a great idea for this game?! Look, i love nascar too, but this isnt nascar...its not even in  the same ballpark. This game is a fantasy game with ""All-Stars"" from the SEGA lineup of games. Danica had no reason to fill a precious spot in my game. Now for the rest of the lineup, I see room for what could have been MAJOR improvement. While i love the additions from games such as Golden Axe and Skies of Arcadia, some racers just feel...well...wrong.Football Manager? Really? and then there are the exclusives. I dont think that TF2 should have been included and General Winter (although i LOVE the idea and look of him) is very much out of place. I do like the addition of Wreck-It-Ralph and i love the idea behind AGES...but for aome these seemed useless and out of date (no one born after 2000 will get what AGES is referencing at all). In the end, the lineup could have been steller, but is still fun the way it is.What makes this game one of my favorites? Multiplayer...and no im not talking about online either (although i do love that function), i mean sittin on the couch with your friends or SO and having at it without needing a second comuter, which nowadays, is almost unheard of in PC Gaming. This is what makes SASRT one of my favorites because i dont need to have my friend log into his steam from his computer to enjoy a few rounds...just like in the old days *tear*. This is the driving force that makes this game a perfect buy for the causal and hardcore gamer alike,So the operation is over...and the scores for SASRT is as follows:Graphics - 8Functionality - 8Story - N/A (its a racer,,,WHAT DO YOU EXPECT!?)Enjoyment - 9Replay Value - 10Overall Score - 9While this game is one of my favs it has its flaws, both in look and feel. Most wont care about how polished it looks but it can lag at points making it difficult to avoid that incoming drone, and sometimes the controls feel a bit wonky (BOATS...ahem...), however still one of the Docs recomended titles!Check out my other reviews and also my YouTube Channel for more reviews and game related videos (coming soon hopefully lol)"
76561197976534092,Recommended,212480,11912572,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Ziinio (uk),"A very decent kart game for pc. Runs smoothly and the handling is a joy to play. Lots of nice content and maps etc and some cool unlockable charcters, (cough cough Alex the kid). The graphics and scenery is nice and lots of diversity. Recommended for all ages,  9/10"
,Recommended,212480,7988280,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,The Senate,"I have now abandoned Mario Kart for this game, and anyone who knows how much I played that will know that this is obviously the stuff of raw legend."
,Recommended,212480,7989210,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Dandy,"More fun then the average cart racing game. SASRT brings back the joys of Diddy Kong racing with the land/air/water driving but packs it all in one. Stages are enjoyable since they change from time to time spicying up the race. Character selection is interesting and not entirely packed with one series of video game characters (Besides Sonic characters). Overall SASRT beats most cart games of today with it's wonderful tracks, mechanics, and characters."
,Recommended,212480,10109520,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,FroschEthel,This is just how faster you can be... Nice Gameplay with Good Graphic Very Recommended
76561198065822492,Recommended,212480,10111068,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,sjaakboy,Such sonic. Much fast. Very transforming. Wow
,Recommended,212480,10111531,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Uzumaki Naruto,EPIC 9.0/10
,Recommended,212480,10112879,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,skates_digital,"Holy moly! If you are into Kart Racers, this game is up there with some of the best. Everything from the course design to the customizability adds to the depth of this game. This game is the most fun I've had in a Kart Racer in a LONG time. I wish that there would be more people that play online because it is difficult to find a game on matchmaking. The single player alone is enough fun to earn your money, but if you can get a couple of buddies to buy the game too, you're in for some good ol' arcade Kart Racing fun!!"
,Recommended,212480,10114594,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Magnet's Coil,This game is about having fun and it´s very addicted.
,Recommended,212480,2634916,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,「WahnTawns」,"A huge improvement over the first game. GET this game instead. It plays better, is more fun, and has online multiplayer! Worth the money."
,Recommended,212480,10115066,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Belly Torelli,"best fun racer since super mario karthighly recommended, especially when its on sale"
76561198084011151,Recommended,212480,10115147,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,TheRealKazmir,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Mario Kart in HD. Seriously, for the price it is amazing and hell of a lot of fun."
76561198084268984,Recommended,212480,10106011,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Miracle Johnson,"its the next gen Diddy Kong Racing.dont need to say more, SEGA actually made a good game 9/10"
,Recommended,212480,10241893,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,"dang ol' b-dawg, man",WHY does this game have VAC
76561198000638143,Recommended,212480,10245815,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Narcoleptic Narn,"Firstly, this is a kart racer through and through. If that's not something you are looking for then you might want to avoid it.However, if you like kart games (mario kart etc) then this is a fantastic game.There are quite a few characters to choose from which, through unlocked ""mods"", can have their stats changed slightly. One thing I would say is that there are deffinatly better and worse characters. Any with high boost are usually the best, and as such the ones with low boost often are not as competitive.The tracks are mostly fun and often have multiple paths to use with some being faster and others slower. They aren't hard to remember though and can be picked up quickly. Most are rather easy to drive, with some exceptions like chilly castle and race of ages, though even these aren't too hard to learn. The number of tracks is okay, although it is bulked up with mirror tracks. Also some tracks lack the diverse transormation types of the rest (possibly due to being ported from Sonic & Sega ASR?) and as such seem much less fun, being mostly just kart mode tracks (sun shine tour, egg carrier etc).The pick ups are well balanced and actually require some skill to use. They can be avoided with a bit of skill too, meaning you aren't at the mercy of overpowered cheap weapons like mario karts blue/spikey shell or lightning.Controls are okay (only used a 360 pad so haven't tried KB) but collisions with other drivers can be buggy sometimes, bouncing you around like a ping pong ball. Also the boat controls sometimes seem to be a bit funky and will steer the wrong way on occasion. The stunts sometimes fail for no obvious reason as well which can be a pain.All in all though SASRT is a good fun game, especialy if played with friends, so if you are looking for some fun and frantic arcade racing I'd deffinatly recommend it."
,Recommended,212480,10246674,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Magnum,Great Racing title for those who love arcade racing.  A great alternative to Mario Kart!
,Recommended,212480,10250843,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,sl_eep/a*wake,What you're too good for sonic?
,Recommended,212480,10253075,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,DoomyMcDoomdoom,"Best cart racing game I've played, honestly. When I first saw the previews, I thought the multiple vehicles feature would just be a cheap gimmick, especially given Sega's history to often fall short with ""alternative gameplay"" mechanics. Switching between a car, boat, and plane, however, feels incredibly different while still being fun in their own right. Each vehicle mode feels like it should, greatly changing you approach to the track. The tracks are all well designed, the music is great, the graphics are clean and pretty, and the atmosphere is surprisingly fun. The controls are also surprisingly tight and responsive as well, and there's great potential for downloadable content. I hope that Sega stays on this note and keeps making games like this."
,Recommended,212480,10145245,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,space.tombie,Hands down the best modern kart-racing game I have ever played.
,Recommended,212480,10145248,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,noobdungeon,"This game rules! I needed something to keep me busy while i waited for Mario Kart 8, and was pleasently surprised by the wealth of content and amazing gameplay. Looks pretty sharp too!!!!"
,Recommended,212480,10172445,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,SrJohansson,Seeing as I can't have Mario Kart on my PC this does very well as a replacement.
,Recommended,212480,10160045,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,[Frag] JTbuilds,i realy want this game really much!!!!!!
,Recommended,212480,5104510,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Ari Jr.,"For those who enjoy games in the Mario Kart style, really recommend this game, very good and fun to spend a lot of time playing it."
,Recommended,212480,3728652,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,"""The"" Máçąþя£ Ŀīōη™","I own this game for PS3, Playstation Vita, and now PC. This game is crack. It's like the non nintendo equivalent of Mario Kart but better in all aspects.  Looks the best and loads the fastest on PC, and is a great game to have for the Vita. PC also has steam exclusive characters (Team fortress, Total War Shogun, and Football Manager) that make it worth it. If you get it on 360 or Wii you can use your Mii or XBL character as drivers."
,Recommended,212480,9181684,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Anggota Studio Foto,"It's a good racing game~you should try play this game :3relax,you won't regret it~"
,Recommended,212480,3822914,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,ROBOKITTYZILLA,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed trascends the first game in every single aspect. The first game aside, this is easily one of the best kart racers ever made. Transformed indeed.There are various modes of play available with the focus of Career mode being World Tour. World Tour is like a revamped mission mode from the original game but with much better progression. By mixing a good variety of challenges in with normal races across various stages, the single player stays fresh. There is Grand Prix mode for those that prefer traditional cup racing along with time attack and single race options. The split-screen feature allows you to play the entire career mode in co-op or bring your friends with you into online modes. Unlike the PC version for the first game, the entire multiplayer suite is available this time around and with full Steam integration.The AI in Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is both brutal and relentless. The first few races will be a real eye-opener, even for karting veterans. I can't fathom playing this on the harder difficulties. Progression is well thought out with character and stage unlocks, sticker collecting, leveling, and kart modifications. Leveling up unlocks modifications that upgrade various aspects of your kart while adjusting and balancing others. Being able to modify your kart makes it possible to play as any character without being at any great disadvantage.Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is reasonably priced for a title with such high production values and a wealth of content. If you like racing games or kart racers, do yourself a favor and pick this up. You will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,212480,9296224,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,highpriority,"Very cool, better than Mario Kart 7 IMHO."
76561198054352929,Recommended,212480,9307578,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Hat wearing Mancubus,"High speed action on land, air and also on the water. Any fan of racing or sonic games should check it out. Also there are tf2 characters to play as and that is just awesome. However it is recommended to have a fast computer with fast internet to run it smoothly, but the good roster of characters from seemingly forgotten sega games and great tracks with stunning graphics just seels it for me. And some more things: the item roster is way more original and good than in the original sonic and SEGA all stars racing, and there are characters from other game companies as well. You already have Ralph from the movie series Wreck it Ralph and in the steam version you get shogun from shogun, football manager from.....i do not know from what game i am not a football fan, and the team of pyro, heavy and spy from tf2. I am sure you will not waste your money on this one, i certainly did not."
,Recommended,212480,7969340,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Last Dinosaur,"It's basically Mario Kart you can play with your internet friends, and it's actually pretty well done. Get it."
76561198039391369,Recommended,212480,9309592,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,HerbalGrizzly,"This game is amazing! one of the most fun kart racing games ive played. It brought back memories of diddy kong racing and mario kart. The level designs are really good, each map is full of good visuals and fun routes. The items are fun to use and the transformation mechanic is done really well. But a 9/10 for kart racing games. Really fun. worth the money!!"
,Recommended,212480,8968622,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Dearly Beloved,Nice And Awesome Game.Beautiful Graphic and Gameplay.Even though i have played for a while i can see the true potential in this racing game!
76561198012332195,Recommended,212480,8934683,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,teeth35,wow sega is really steping up their game with this game with TONS AND TONS of characters and even tracks making it very GREAT so i give it a 5/5 its a awesome game to add to your collection
76561198027995079,Recommended,212480,9154784,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ankle,"First of all, I must confess to some bias as a friend of mine was one of the lead producers on this game, so I'm pre-disposed to like it. That confession out of the way.... this game isterrific. If you like karting games, then congratulations, you have found what you're looking for.Furthermore, Sonic Racing (for short) remembers two of the cornerstones of a good karting game: fun & friends.Friends, in that the game can be played in local co-op with a 4 player split screen. This is terrific. It makes this a hoot to play on a wet afternoon or - well - anytime, really. Then there's fun. This is arcade racing, Sega style. If you like hardcore sims, this isn't for you. If you enjoy mental powerslides, power-ups and so forth, then get out your knife and fork, as this game is a feast.Bad stuff? Well, the AI is sometimes quite cheap. It seems to me that there is some rubber banding on display here. That may bother you, but I consider it part and parcel of most arcade racers, and Sonic Racing manages to make your frustrations minimal, in that it'sfunto try again.I love the blue skies, the wealth of unlockable characters, the large collection of tracks and the variety of play modes on offer. There are also many cues to Sega's own rich past that will bring a smaile to the face of anyone who appreciates video game history.I give this game my most solid recommendation. It is outstandingly good. For me, the second best multiplayer racer I have had the pleasure of playing (the all-out best was Mashed). Buy it and ye shall be rewarded. PUDDING!"
,Recommended,212480,8906491,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Billy Blazes,Best racer period must play
,Recommended,212480,3143472,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,Super,"BOATING AROUND AT THE SPEED OF SOUNDAGES CAN'T HANDLE SO I CAN'T STAY ON THE GROUNDMAYBE IF I COULD PLAY WITH FRAMESHITTING THE TANKS WOULDN'T BE SO LAMEDRIFTING AND STUNTS ARE REALLY COOLTHAT GIRL MONKEY ON SUNSHINE TOUR REALLY MAKES ME DROOL (WHOOPS DID I JUST SAY THAT OUT LOUD arin.jpg)I WANT TO GET ROBOTNIK REALLY BADBUT BILLY HATCHER MIRRORED ♥♥♥♥ING MAKES ME MADDON'T FOLLOW ME, GET HIT SOME MOREIT'S VERSUS, I WILL WIN THIS YOU ♥♥♥♥♥I WILL WIN THIS RACE, BELIEVE IN MEDON'T FOLLOW ME, GET HIT SOME MOREIT'S VERSUS, I WILL WIN THIS YOU ♥♥♥♥♥I'LL GET MY ALL-STAR AND PROVE TO YOUYOU'RE A ♥♥♥♥♥!OH YEA!"
,Recommended,212480,9046691,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Sir_Trigmeister,It's Mariokart but with Sonic instead.
,Recommended,212480,8996006,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,ANDY,"Mario Kart with Blast Processing! Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed is a Kart racer of a slightly different ilk than what we usually get.you'll be constantly drifting and doing tricks when airborn to gain speed-boosts which gives the game a speedy focus more in line with Crash Team Racing than Mario Kart.The game has a reasonably lengthy ""world tour"" mode that has you compete in a variety of challenges varying from simple things like racing and battling to dodging traffic and shooting down a tank.The game adds context sensitive boat and plane transformations into the mix, and they bring to mind the likes of Diddy Kong Racing in control and style. They're generally slower and a bit less tight than the main car gameplay, but add some nice variety along with things like the plane's ability to gain speed-boosts by rolling out of the way of hazards at the last second.On the porting side of things, this game is rather basic, giving you 3 quality options for the likes of textures and models along with Anti-Aliasing (no choice on which you'd like to use though) and VSync. The game is fairly well optimized however."
,Recommended,212480,9048071,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Jayar,"The first Sonic & All-Stars Racing would have been the perfect kart racer if it weren’t for the omission of multiplayer on PC. Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed brings local and online multiplayer to Steam, but some of the magic has been lost. I fault the new multi-terrain direction Sega has taken the series for that. I don’t understand the need to take kart racing to the sea and skies. Controlling a speed boat or a plane is never quite as satisfying or responsive as controlling a car. Drifting is especially awkward when flying, but it can’t be avoided if you want to catch up with the horrendously unfair rubber-banding AI. A-class races are tough. You really have to know the courses to land first place, which can be hard to do considering many of them change with every lap. I like the idea of a course that morphs over time, but this usually means the whole thing catches fire or falls apart, leaving you air-bound for the final lap. As much as the new additions bother me, this is still a solid racing experience. The more car-oriented courses are a blast, the weapons are well balanced, and the graphics are as gorgeous as ever. I’m really happy to see this series revived because it’s just as good, if not a little better than that other popular mascot racer."
76561198065008729,Recommended,212480,6379050,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Crossing,"Furry Racing 2 is effing awesome. People that claim it's a Mario Kart ripoff, while not entirely wrong, are forgetting a few simple facts: Mario Kart hasn't been good since 64. Nowadays you need to buy a ridiculous platform to even enjoy it. But Sonic Transformed brings back the same charm of old kart racers, while adding a lot of new style into the mix. I was afraid the transformation aspect would feel gimmicky at first, but it's implemented very well and was clearly a well-thought out idea.Stage and character selection is decent, but nothing too surprising. Sonic and all his annoying animal friends are in tow, including the always unbearable Amy Rose. There are a few more obscure Sega characters like Gum and Vyse, and of course, the HORRIBLE decision to add Danica Patrick for no real reason. Stages are very Sonic-centric, but there are a few that break the mold and stand out as memorable, such as Rogue's Landing, Death Adder's Lair, and a fantastic new Jet Set Radio stage.I'd totally recommend Furry Racing 2, especially at its release price point. There's a simple fun charm in playing something as goofy as a kart racer, and this is a great one."
,Recommended,212480,7055119,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,[GBRK]FlameFactory,nice
,Recommended,212480,9037516,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Triglav,"This game is good fun, lots of characters, especially for this PC version. Lots of challenges and levels. Music on some of the stages are awesome too."
,Recommended,212480,9039405,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,spacecataz,"As a lifelong Mario Kart nut, it feels weird to find a kart-style arcade racer that not only matches Nintendo's franchise, it possibly even surpasses it. Everything a SEGA branded racer should be: over the top, turbo-charged, glamorous fun with a ridiculous soundtrack to match the action."
,Recommended,212480,9726346,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,KiöperwajMeniek,"The overall game is nice, but the prequel is better. Sure you should buy this game, but I highly recommend the prequel over this one. Sure this one has better graphics and so, though."
,Recommended,212480,7629295,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Pendekar,"It's been long since PC gets kind of this game, this game is one of the best at its own class."
,Recommended,212480,4320802,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Jadriam,"SIGNIFICANTLY better than it initially seems! I mean really, really polished graphically and in terms of gameplay! AND THE REFRENCES WILL PUNCH SEGA FANS IN THE NOSTALGIA"
76561198105381880,Recommended,212480,7285134,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,mega man 380 (rus),супер пупер лудшая игра соник ежик лудшая ооо афигеная игра;o
,Recommended,212480,9739162,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,hellzyeah074,ThiS GaMe iS dA Bast iT mAdE mY bAlLs DrOp AnD I GeRw HaiR On My sAcK
76561198040747691,Recommended,212480,9739383,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,DrZeuss,"Fun game, good replacement for Mario Kart.  Some issues with lag online."
,Recommended,212480,9590277,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,MattRapture,I wish I had more friends who played this.
76561197989197931,Recommended,212480,9591709,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Atomikrin,"This is essentially Diddy Kong Racing for a new era.The game is fast, fun and constantly changing.My only personal criticism is that when you play on Hard difficulty the NPCs have some crazy rubberband AI."
,Recommended,212480,2558384,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,gNatFreak,"Better than I expected; very similar to a Mario Kart game with better graphics and environment (whirlpool!). Definitely worth $7.50.Also, up to 4 player splitscreen is supported. It also seems to recognize most types of controllers (as opposed to games that require an Xb0x 360 controller)."
76561198081654213,Recommended,212480,6986793,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Jynce,"This game is the best racing game I've ever played (And I have played every single Mario Kart). I really recommend this game for those who are fans of Mario kart, but stop playing because of that freaking blue shell.Ce jeu est le meilleur jeu de course que j'ai joué (Et j'ai joué à tous les Mario Kart existant). Je recommande vraiment ce jeu aux gens qui sont des fans de Mario Kart, mais qui ont arrêté de jouer à cause de la foutu carrapace bleu."
76561198017685960,Recommended,212480,3114527,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Coventine,Mario Kart. With Sonic and Dreamcast characters. You can fly and be a boat. Its great. Go buy it.
,Recommended,212480,9554525,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Yeti Inspector,sik as♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,212480,9622333,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Chums,Did you think it would be like mario kart but on PC? It basically is. Totally worth it. Go get it.
,Recommended,212480,9836963,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,b4us,"I was surprised with how good this game is. With quite a few fan favorited Sega characters (as well as the TF2 gang, Wreck-it Ralph, and Danicka Patrick...for some reason) and wonderfully constructed courses that all excellently potray the games they're based around, it's a neat game to have."
76561198014316197,Recommended,212480,9608247,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,VauZwa,one of the best local-coop games ever! good games dont need perfect graphics! its fun! 10/10 points.
76561198053319909,Recommended,212480,5637777,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,SirRaketenNudel,Für Sonic Fans ein muss.
,Recommended,212480,9595508,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,[TGN] EthanPR,Would recomend. Very fun and is a great racing game. Closest to mariokart a pc racing game can get! would recomend for all ages and types of gamers!
76561198044610580,Recommended,212480,7975553,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MadMax,"Simple and funny kart racing game. Somewhat challenging on the highest difficulty level. Good to play with friends via splitscreen or online. Not very time consuming so it's good if you don't have too much time to dedicate to gaming. For 5€, vthis game is a must buy."
,Recommended,212480,9595305,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,SBC saboya,This is Mario Kart level. Excellent game with tight controls. If you like Mario Kart get this game now.
,Recommended,212480,9799505,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Keira Lunar,sonic has jumped back into his kart but it has the ability to transform in to 3 kinds of racing veichals  game play is tight and rather challenging but if you have the need for speed and like to abuse power ups then this game is for yougraphics 10/10sound and effects 10/10game play 10/10difficulty curve 10/10flaws  broken online  Good luck trying to get an online match going if you have a poor connection you will be out of the race instantly
76561197961158354,Recommended,212480,73596,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,pistophchristoph,"If you like Mario Kart, this is Mario Kart on crack, its pretty fun."
76561197993621992,Recommended,212480,1478994,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Dead Last,"Love this game.  Best cart racer I've played in years.  Very polished visuals, solid and smooth gameplay, fun weapons and inspired track design.  Four player split-screen on a PC, to boot.  When that remix of the original Panzer Dragoon level one theme song kicked in on Dragon Canyon, I was sold.  Well done, best Sonic game in a looong time."
,Recommended,212480,19514564,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Joshimations,"Addicting, fun with friends, has JSR characters and tracks in it. So why not get it? Because it's Sonic? You don't have to play as Sonic. Play as a Football Manager or something. I dunno. Just get it during a sale."
,Recommended,212480,19514701,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Softball Louie,"For some reason I was expecting it to be somewhat pretty boring, but it proved me wrong, this game is freaking amazing so worth it. Closest thing to mario kart on pc."
,Recommended,212480,19468277,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,bushidoviking,"Beats the hell out of mariocart!Everything that makes the above mentioned fun: competition, weapons, etc.  But with the speed of a real racing game.I got it preordering lost world and thought, wth, i'll give it a try.  Was impressed, enjoyed my time, found few complaints (except maybe the different unlockable presets mean very little and your favorite character is based on personal preference and not actual performance).It's worth your time and I recommend it."
76561198146281450,Recommended,212480,19469254,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,jackstriker,"Cool kart racing game. This's not like Mario kart , not much of annoying weapon things. You focus on track racing.+ Well design tracks.+ Nice Music+ Game pad support+ Many of fine tuning graphic options.Yep, Recommend"
,Recommended,212480,19508641,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,iostream64,"Finally, a mario kart that I can play on PC (and at a decent price, too - I bought the 4pack for less than the original price of the game during a sale) that's online and is integrated with steam friends. The items have similar functions, the graphics are beautiful and run on intel hd integrated just fine.fast/10 strongly reccomended."
,Recommended,212480,3346613,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,FTL,Better than MarioKart.
76561198031551092,Recommended,212480,4066785,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,S.K.U.L.L,Best race game ever for the whole family
,Recommended,212480,19657709,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Snake_Eateeeeeer,eh
,Recommended,212480,19669421,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,MasviL,It's not Mario Kart but still funny. What I like more is the sense of speed. What I like less is the lack of stats for setups.
,Recommended,212480,20154283,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Nox,"Who needs Mario Kart when you have a CAR THAT TRANSFORMS INTO A PLANE AND A BOAT.Mario Kart's got anti-gravity tracks, but SASRT has free fly zone.Only major issue is how less the tracks are, and how even less online players are"
,Recommended,212480,20154355,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Katana,"""Hey, bro, I brought out my Wii U."" ""Great! I don't feel like Smash Bros. Let's play some Mario Kart 8!""*2 minutes later*""What the hell??? Drifting does almost NOTHING. AND I just got hit by a red shell, and knocked off a cliff.""*2 minutes later*""Oh, come on. I can't even tell how the CPUs are making those turns. And I was NOT getting useful items. This...this game is NOT as good as I remember. I honestly think Sonic Transformed was more fun.""An excellent addition for anyone looking for a good party racer, Sonic and the Long Name is like Mario Kart, but with much less focus on picking out a random racer to punish, and more of a focus on racing well. The game's various items tend not to mess players up as much, and are more focused on increasing your speed. The few offense-focused items  either require skill on the part of the user, or can be negated through skillful awareness of their target. (For instance, the Blue Shell is replaced with a ""hornet swarm"" that all players will need to avoid, and can be dodged by a good driver) They even have more interesting boosting mechanics than Mario Kart - doing one or more tricks in a jump, performing a drift for several seconds, going off a boost pad, or even barrel-rolling away from an obstacle, all grant a bonus boost effect.Local co-op support is on-par, making this a good Big Picture game."
,Recommended,212480,20145249,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,nikolas3315,Simply Excellent! Spent many many hours on this with my friends.
76561198127055354,Recommended,212480,20099033,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,✫ RAMS ✫,:) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) :) = 10/10
76561198092424648,Recommended,212480,20188423,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Kale,Mario kart an't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on this gotta go ♥♥♥♥ing fast
,Recommended,212480,20188664,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,CRASH,Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed worth picking up on sale to play with friends for a laugh!
76561198122915776,Recommended,212480,20191768,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,xr_molina,Fun Game!!!!!
,Recommended,212480,7957412,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Sky Son,best game i have so much fun :)
76561198111372906,Recommended,212480,20160360,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,CraftySpartan,"someone plz help me, i'm experiencing major lag whenever i play this game. I want to play this game so bad, but because of the lag problem, its nearly impossible to play it. Someone send me something that can help me stop the lag"
,Recommended,212480,21830770,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ERock022,"This game is seriously better than any Mario Kart game.  It has been a long time since I have played a game that is as pure fun as this game is.  Witcher 3 is still my favorite game, but if I want to have just pure fun I now have a new game to turn to!  Thank you Sega for still making great games like this one and Sonic Generation too, that game is amazing as well!"
,Recommended,212480,21514786,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TPK,"I've only begun to play this game, but all I'm hoping for are some unlockable Sonic R music tracks hidden in here somewhere. Su-per So-nic Ra-cing? Yeeeeaahh!"
76561198006922719,Recommended,212480,2408807,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Xavboy,"this game is so underated! seriously, if you want a good kart racer pick this up! i can honestly say that this is better than mario kart. by a way."
76561198040913902,Recommended,212480,21528205,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Y2Jus10B,"I like it, thumbs up!"
,Recommended,212480,21826951,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,TheAntigamer,this game is 40/10 best sanic game ever
,Not Recommended,212480,21827973,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Винидоссантос,"Sometimes, the game stop to work, it's really bad, cause, when you're in a online match, and the game stop to work... it's so anoying, but, apart from that, the game is awsome. it's hard to me to like a game, i've loved this game <3 :D"
,Recommended,212480,8597007,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,McFee,If you are looking for a Mario Kart Clone this is the best one for PC and even has Local 4 player split screen if you have a HTPC setup. Great game!
,Recommended,212480,21835475,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Chaky Furtz,brilliant
76561198202002809,Recommended,212480,21837187,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,schamsjj,WOW.  I put off getting this thinking it would not be near as the quality of Mario Kart.  I'm actually liking this much more!  I can't believe how awesome the tracks look and the variety of the drivers.  Sega needs to keep this game going for a long time!
,Recommended,212480,21836007,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,jsn,"My girlfriend recks me on this game, but still 10/10."
,Recommended,212480,21791968,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Evil Lord Sully,Cool racing with characters other than Nintendo
76561198117471637,Recommended,212480,21797635,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,For Whom The Bell Tolls,"Reviews may be overwhelming, but love for this game is more overwhelming. Thumbs up. By the way, Sonic and I have a birthday on a same day. :D"
76561198042111719,Recommended,212480,7959792,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Spooky Bones,This game is simply great. As good as Mario kart As good as CTR. It's my second racing game of all time next to Diddy Kong Racing. The tracks are diverse and well done and the music is phenomenal I would HIGHLY recommend this gamePurchase it on sale and your 5$ will thank you laterHave a wonderful day
,Recommended,212480,21802672,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Low-fi Andrew,"For a Mario Kart like spin-off, this game is amazing. The amount of work they put into each race course is outstanding. The graphics are beautiful  and many fresh beloved SEGA characters to pick from."
76561197989196406,Recommended,212480,21812168,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Gaboou,I almost only play it when someone comes over to my house (which isn't all that often...) but I am having great fun each time! :D
76561198015951841,Recommended,212480,22354702,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Hobo With A Shot Glass,"Freakin' sweet, way more than just a Mario Kart clone. If you love kart games, buy this, it's one of the best! 9/10"
76561197970595714,Recommended,212480,22358130,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Creedofmark,"Well, this was a pleasant surprise!  Kart games are a bit hit and miss when not made by Nintendo, (and arguably even then!) and while I had the original Sonic Racing, I wasn't too impressed with it, slightly dull track design and some wonky handling made me lose interest quite quickly.  Then, I had the chance to try this out on a friends PS3 and was hugely impressed with the improvements between versions, helped in no small part by a lot of ex-bizarre creations employees joining the team (loved Project Gotham series) and what you have is a nice, slick port for PC, of a kind of game that rarely appears on our platform.  What more could you want?"
,Recommended,212480,22102731,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,CINTRON,"This game takes everything Mario Kart Wii U tried to do and get's it right!It's a truely next-gen game. The tracks are awesome - I mean litterally awesome. Each one is really creative, unique and stays fresh and exciting for each lap.  Most maps also have a bunch of short-cuts to be discovered and multiple routs to take. It's something you really have to experience for yourself to get it. But once you race on these tracks, Mario Karts' tracks will just look really dull and boring by comparison.The carreer mode offers a really honest progression system. Unlike Mario Kart where you play but don't really know what you'll get for playing. This game makes it clear. Each race can earn you up to 3 stars (easy, med, hard). New carrear paths, characters, and vehicle mods are spread out throughout carreer mode with a required star value to unlock. This really motivates me to beat the game on hard because I know exactly what I'll get for it, and it'll be worth it - not some lame new tire like in Mario Kart.There is no vehicle customization. Probably the most notibale new feature of mario kart wii U was customizing your vehicle. But the feature hurts more than it helps because rather than customizing for asthetic fun, you try to mix and match character weight class to vehicle parts to get the best kart performence. So in Mario Kart it sucks if there's a combination you like but the stats for that combo are weak.Instead this game has each character matched with a unique vehicle that reflects their personality. This makes more sense and in return gives the characters more personality. Also, vehicles are level set to start. Playing through career mode with each character unlocks performance mods for that character's car. The mods have names like Balanced, Handling, Boost etc.. Boost for example really ups the stats for boost but takes away from exceleration etc.. each mod is balanced and consistent with every other car. There are no secret power combination in this game. Best of all, carreer mode has events which make you want to try different mods. For example the drift challenges might make you want to use handling. While the boost challenges would obviously encourage you to use the boost mod. And in races you might want to use balanced although the mod you choose really depends on your racing style.I haven't onlocked all of the characters yet but I'm pretty sure there's no Glitch. Which is really dissappointing - I mean, why have Wreck-it-Ralph and not Glitch?  Anyway, the characters and their maps are REALLY different.  At no point do you trully feel like all of these characters belong in the same universe. It's a bit uncanny but it in no way hurts the gameplay. In fact, I like that I can play as BD Joe and my wife can play as Amy - if that makes sense. Point is there's a better chance this game has a character you really like - even if your favorite character doesn't look like he/she belongs in the same universe as your friends favorite character.TL:DRI'm enjoying this game WAY more than Mario Kart Wii U, and I think you will too. :)"
76561198104484915,Recommended,212480,21535048,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Pedro_Leopoldo,"Nice game, with amazing graphics, and a fantastic gameplay.Who wanna play a cool game and have a lot of fun, this is the game."
76561197990879675,Recommended,212480,22225929,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Brave Little Toaster,Better than Mario
76561197973970954,Recommended,212480,641540,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,b@kunin,"We LOVE this game! I've been ""borrowing"" Henry's copy now and then and am hooked. I'm utterly hopeless at it but I keep coming back for more regardless. Only thing I don't like is the terrible UI, really stupid decisions made on that design I'm afraid, someone really should be fired for it!"
76561198029079280,Recommended,212480,8628063,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Icarus_DM,"Probabaly the best kart racing game I have ever played.  Yes that means even over mario kart its that much fun :).  Cool trans into other boats, planes, cars ect.  Plus tones and tones of levels and diff game modes also."
,Recommended,212480,8629251,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Crap@ST3AM,Mariokart for steam... but better!
,Recommended,212480,5853677,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,hL,очень веселая игрушка!
,Recommended,212480,8590435,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[是義一番] Zegichiban,"This game is lots of fun. Very much like the mario kart series, but the adittion of flight as well adds to the game. Good selection of charecters to choose from, and the graphics are very nice.If you're a fan of mario kart at all then this is definatly worth a try."
,Recommended,212480,8955510,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,DdariQ,"Well, well, well. I played Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing (the original) first. I REALLY liked it, I wish the online wasn't dead on the Wii. Anyways, I liked the drifting the All-Star moves, the Items and the tracks in that game, I can't really say a track I didn't liked in that game. Well in this one, there's a lot I don't like, and not because of the transformation, boat and air portions. I HATE the Zombie (I can't remember the name) stage, and Race of Ages is very hard for the first time (and lot more tracks). You need to play a little bit, and discover the controls and such, because these physics are so different from SSASR. Sometimes the water mechanics bugged out, you can fall through thw world a lot of times. You need to learn the flight controls. I didn't liked the drifting mechanics, it was faster in the prequel. I didn't liked the crashes either, they happened quite frequently for me. The online play is kinda dead here as well, I only had normal races online, I haven't found a lobby in any other types of races online. But let's say some good things about the game right? I've started with the cons, weird. I liked the character ""customization"" a lot. The mods gave us a lot of combinations and gave our favourite character different abilities. Levelling up is also fun. I wish it wouldn't stop after level 5. The characters are nice, and there's a lot of them. Some tracks are very creative. The graphics are amazing. I receommend playing it with a really good and precise gamepad, Xbox 360 controller is very supported, PS3 and others are good. I'm playing it with a lesser-quality gamepad, it's ok. Keyboard is okay too, just have one, what can recognise more than 3 buttons, and set it up comfortable. Music is repetitive for me, not really special, I liked it more in SSASR. Menus are good!So, I would gave it a 7.5 out of 10. Maybe I would gave it a higher score, if I didn't play the prequel.I recommend it to everyone, who wants a quick, but sometimes tactical arcade and/or kart racing game. I personally recommend the first one (Sonic & All-Stars Racing), it's a little cheaper, and you don't need a hyper great computer. After playing the original I don't really recommend Transformed, only if you are a big racing/arcade/kart game fan. I recommend this if you want some online action, and I reccommend buying this one, if you haven't played the original.Thanks for reading this, and I apologize for my grammar problems, I'm not English. Have a Nice Gaming! :)"
,Recommended,212480,8957476,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Sharkfist,best kart racer.
,Recommended,212480,401221,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Willow,"Mario Kart will never be released on PC, but this is as close as you will get to it!!"
,Recommended,212480,1809402,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Korago,Oh my god you can fly
,Recommended,212480,8989927,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Toxic Kit,I luv it! It's so fun to race around the track! I just wish I knew how to shoot!
,Recommended,212480,8868040,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Eastown Clown,"Grrrrr.... why give you the option of medium or hard events if there's no possible way that you can win them from the beginning?  I can manage to get into first place in a medium event, but as soon as I do, it's like the greek gods of old all come crashing down on me at once.  Suddenly... 9th place.  On easy, I can win every event, every time.The difficulty ramps up way too much between difficulties levels.  I'm going to run through the whole thing on easy and see if my character will be able to make it through a medium race.For now, recommended because it's a beautiful fun game on easy.  I'm hoping medium becomes easier as I rank up."
,Recommended,212480,1603841,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,I'm already under attack,oh my god holy cow i hate rubber banding
,Recommended,212480,7456311,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,SmallPlague,Better than Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,8844947,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Mecha-K9,"Just as Crash Team Racing wiped the floor with Mario Kart 64, Just as Nitro Kart topped Double Dash, SEGA has stepped up to the plate to conquer the ever so generic Nintendo kart racer. Sonic & Sega All Stars Racing Transformed has proven to be the most diverse and fun ""branded"" kart racer on the market. This game is truly amazing, and bringing the experience to PC Gamers is icing on the cake. i highly recommend picking this game up.You will Fly, Drift, and Boat your way to the finish line in dynamic terraforming Tracks that change each lap. With an ever growing roster of racers, you can play as Sonic, Shadow, Team Fortress, Wreck it Ralph. Characters from Jet Set Radio, Total War, Football Manager, Monkey Ball, Nights, and more!"
,Recommended,212480,8915937,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,HIV | Gregorius,"I think it's fair to say that this is the best kart racer of its console generation, the latest Mario Karts being perhaps a little too orthodox to really hold anyone's attention.  This game has supremely creative tracks on which to race, a compelling albeit somewhat frustrating world tour mode, a good selection of characters to race as and a fully fleshed out online mode."
76561198109948305,Recommended,212480,9057054,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,TbL,Brilliant entertaining game but i would reccomend you use a controller
,Recommended,212480,13537314,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Ruthless Banana,"This game is a very obvious copy of Mario Kart, and that's a good thing. This is basically a pc version Mario Kart but its great fun. Perfect driving mechanics and lots of challenges to partake in. This game is at its best when playing local coop and I suggest anyone who likes classic Kart games get this game."
,Recommended,212480,8488926,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,BonsaiTree,Pretty nice Mario kart'ish race action.
,Recommended,212480,13444113,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Scolopendra,I'm a nintendo fan boy.  And do NOT like sonic games.  But i LOVE this game.  One of the best racing games i've ever played!
,Recommended,212480,7953943,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Lurchist19,"Sonic all Stars racing transformed is an absolutely brilliant game. It has a lot of replay value and longevity. If your a fan of the Mario kart franchise and love sega, I would definitely recommend it! (although this game takes certain things from the Mario kart franchise, it really shines as its own racer this time around).In terms of content, I would say there is plenty (which is why I have played so many hours of it). It takes everything that you loved from the first title and leaves the things that you didnt (in my oppinion there wasnt much wrong with the original game anyway).You seamlessly switch between planes, hovercrafts and conventional karts while in-race and I can honestly say that it's that smooth that it doesnt throw you off in the process of switching.All in all it's a brilliant racing game in its own right that unshackles itself from the Mario Kart franchise and becomes it's own genre.10/10"
,Recommended,212480,1442997,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Stinkonator,"It's a better cart racer than Mario Kart. It's battle mode leaves a lot ot be desired. I would say it's the best Sega game in the past 10 years, but the fact that it's missing the original version of Super Sonic Racing, and above all, Segata Sanshiro keeps it from being so. Still totally worth it."
76561198063667176,Recommended,212480,13582813,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,pnuts,Super fun. Like having the Nintendo experience on PC :)
76561198058026259,Recommended,212480,6052184,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,sc00bz,Kinda reminiscent of the old Mario Kart days...definitely worth a look!
76561198014613702,Recommended,212480,15847041,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Kangus,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed was a surprisingly good game. One could easily dismiss this game as a MarioKart clone cash-grab, but this game is extremely polished and extremely fun to play. The character roster often seems redundant, using characters no one has seen in 25 years. If the game had simply gone with a ""Sonic Racing"" theme, it could have commercially been a much larger success. The graphics are stunning for a kart racing game, the sound track does it's job, the voices are done well but it's the gameplay that sells this game the most. Drifting is easy to learn and control, the items are varied and entertaining and the ""Campaign"" game mode will keep you coming back for a long time. One major issue (that has plagued previous SEGA racing games) is it's difficulty. It's fair enough to include a extremely challenging difficulty settings, but this game makes players master these mods to complete the campaign progression, and as a result the player may never see various racers even unlocked.Highly recommend this game, it is easily the best kart racer I've seen on steam. Even playing this on other platforms is well worth the investment."
,Recommended,212480,16482518,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Einzar,"WARNING!This Game is based on a LIE!I have played Sonic for the last 12 races, and I'm yet to win a single one!"
,Recommended,212480,16485624,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Señor M.,"Sonic needs to use a car or else the game would be called Sonic wins every race, and Knuckles"
,Recommended,212480,16539919,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Oskarrr,It's fun but doesn't work on windows 8 as much as on Windows 7 so SEGA please fix this problem i gave it a positive because i am a fan of the Sonic Series and this game is very amazing 8/10 this game will never beat the origianl Sega all stars racing
,Recommended,212480,17935976,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ian,"This game is incredibly fun. It's not just a cash-in racing game, this is Sega's Mario Kart. The game is visually appealing, the controls are solid (Xbox 360 controller and Keyboard), and it just has so much variety. I enjoy Sega's liberty in not only including their main mascots, but returning their obscure could-have-been mascots like Ristar that nostalgic gamers will love. If you ever wanted to play a game with the feel of Mario Kart on your PC, this is it. And you bet it's a blast to play with friends.9/10. You should grab this game if you like arcadey racing games or racing game in general."
,Recommended,212480,18009545,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,gfs555,"Drifting, drifting, drifting... This is key to win in this game. In the hardest levels it is also necessary to use all possible combos to get that extra boost, since the game is unforgiving.It is a very good game, that will keep you playing a long time. For me, the best feature is the changing courses. Each lap is different from the last and this makes the races less repetitive. Also, the classic music from famous SEGA games got an update and is really cool, specially for the Golden Axe and Skies of Arcadia tracks.The DLC available unlock other characters, making it useful DLC.I wish SEGA would release DLC for more tracks, but this remains to be seen."
76561198009288544,Recommended,212480,16923002,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,RyanAzure,10/10would go fast again.
76561198115299996,Recommended,212480,17467384,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,trifiniti,"fantastic kart racing game. I like it more than mario kart, though I don't think you can compare playing with a wii controller."
,Recommended,212480,4833805,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Scythe Ironclaw,"Very fun and fast-paced kart  racer! Highly reccomend to any fan of Kart Racer games such as Mario Kart, or Diddy Kong Racing."
76561198068818795,Recommended,212480,17684965,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,chimpacula,Its like Mareo Krat 64 but better
76561198044152763,Recommended,212480,17478634,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Bad_Reaper,Don't judge me
76561198023599587,Recommended,212480,17481749,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,♫Drum n Freak♫,"One of my favorite racing games! :) This game is great for hardcore SEGA lovers (Including me) new and old! I think this game is a great way for an alternative to Mario Kart on PC. Plus the PC version comes with Pyro, Spy and Heavy from Team Fortress 2! :)"
,Recommended,212480,17146676,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,A more skill-dependent mario kart with items that don't give you♥♥♥♥♥cancersolid 8/10 game. Definitely play with a controller.
,Recommended,212480,18320394,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Chrysalis Chrono,I've already spent 2 hours constantly playing this.  One of the most fun cart racers I've ever played.
,Recommended,212480,18315603,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mr Miyagi,Today will b he hardest day of my life having to go see my best friend lying in a cofin he was too young to take we will all miss yo
,Recommended,212480,17779734,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,crypticmoses,"I bought this game hoping for a good Mariokart clone and that is exactly what I got.  I am very pleased with this purchase and will enjoy it for a long time.  The graphics and level design in the game are excellent.  The level design is very well thought out and each level has it's own feel and ambience.  The replay value is high because of the hard difficulty mode, which is indeed very hard.  It is really cool how you can level up your driver of choice throughout the game.  There are many different drivers to choose from.   One of the coolest parts of the game is how the levels change from ground to sea to air.  That makes for a fun race every time.  The only complant I really have about the game is the lack of different weapons available.  I was really hoping for a larger variety of different weapons but there is only a small handful of possibilities.  Aside from that, if you like battle race games, this one is a must get."
,Recommended,212480,17766009,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,aaron.,Has no reason to be as fun as it is.
76561197996230254,Recommended,212480,16986369,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Tibs,My kids and I enjoy this game. Up to 4 people co-op (although only 1 can be on the keyboard).
,Recommended,212480,17024107,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,LOTHS,♥♥♥♥ this game
,Recommended,212480,2520867,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,The Final Pam,Shadow makes lots of awkward facial expressions the game
,Recommended,212480,8416184,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,aidaN,"Very fun, I got it for 4.99"
76561198074988122,Recommended,212480,16712328,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Valkyria,10/10 Best game to destroy Ethan in.
,Recommended,212480,17364231,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,SirLiveAlot,A fun 4 player local co-op game.
76561198142126417,Recommended,212480,17885374,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Road To Bronze,"Really like this game! It has got be my favourite racing game. It's not only fun by yourself but is also very enjoyable with a group of friends. Of course, I highly recommend a controller or two or four if you want to play with friends. (I don't recommend 3 player mode because the 3 way split screen is horrible).Pros-Can be played as a casual racing game or you can try to learn all the different tricks and tips, flips, shortcuts, routes, to become better.-Way more fun than most driving games because of 3 racing modes - plane, car, and boat. Each mode feels quite different from each other AND it feels very polished.-Easy to learn. Hard to master.-Really fun with friends.-Co-op mode and online matchmaking-Great and polished kart racing mechanics-Unique maps and different game modes-SEGA Characters! (if you're into that)Cons-Easy to learn. Hard to master.-Vibration can be a bit too much at times-Limited amount of characters (at least I find)-No aesthetic car customization at all. Only car mods which affect the car's performance in different areas, such as accel, speed, handling, etc.-Some maps can drag on and feel a bit lengthy.Overall,pretty enjoyable game. Worth playing by yourself. Worth playing with others. Great game for casual gamers, serious ones, racing enthusiasts, SEGA lovers, and really anyone IMO."
,Recommended,212480,5686081,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,XaXa ...!,qualité/ prix!
76561198000739022,Recommended,212480,17186633,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Daniel Simmons,This game isA- FunB- Family FriendlyC- Controler FriendlyD- My Kids Love it
,Recommended,212480,16117554,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,6_OVO_6 | Exotic Short Hair,awesome good racing game
,Recommended,212480,16567079,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KidN0thingBoy(Jimmy Bates),it's ok
,Recommended,212480,20454969,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Kerisan,"I bought this game as something casual to play however, I'm now addicted to it. The multiplayer is so much fun, especially if you're playing with friends/family. So glad I bought this game on steam sale!!"
,Recommended,212480,20421633,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Conditioner,This is a nice game with good graphics and for the ones who are fan of racing and of sonic.
,Recommended,212480,20389643,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,tricktricky,"Text between me and my friend:Me: BlowfishFriend: FU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!the ability to set my buddy off by simply typing the word blowfish, not sure you can put a price on that but apparently its 19.99 retail"
,Recommended,212480,20412243,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Senpai,Good Game.
,Recommended,212480,20299058,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Hospital Is Home Farmskins.com,Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformedอารมณ์เหมือนเกม Racing ชื่อดังเมื่อหลายปีก่อนคุณคงจะได้ยิน โชกะโบ๊ะ (chocobo racing) ที่มันผสมกันกับ (CTR Crash Team Racing)ตัวเกมนั้นคล้ายคลึงกันมากเลยแต่เพียงแค่ว่าเขาจับ Super Star ของแต่ละเกมมารวมกันในนี้ มีตัวให้ชิงหลายตัวมากแต่เสียดายที่ตัวเหล่านี้มันก็ต้องมีเสียตังไปกับ DLC บ้าง แต่ขอบอกว่าใครชอบเกมแนวนี้ คุณไม่ต้องรอช้าเลยล่ะเพราะมันเล่นได้กับครอบครัวหรือจะOnlineหาเพื่อน หรือจะเล่นกับครอบครัวแล้วออนไลน์หาคนอื่นก็ยังได้นับว่าคุ้มกับผู้เล่นไปเลย ฮาๆ8.5/10
,Recommended,212480,20313758,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Prunelord,A pretty fun kart racer with sega charactes.
,Recommended,212480,6356758,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,F_P_C,Better than what you think.No story but fun all around.
,Recommended,212480,20289724,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,✪ Umy Raff,Itx a fun game and so far no bugs......
76561198043358650,Recommended,212480,20593354,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Delinquent,"If you like Mario Kart, then you will like this game. Alot of the driving feels the same as Mario Kart to me. Super fun game. Check it out."
,Recommended,212480,20690305,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,trookat,"Good casual racer , even has sonic and TF2 in it"
,Recommended,212480,20690718,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,drigmatik,An absolutely fantastic experience!
,Recommended,212480,20692753,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,holytotemic,"Fantastic fun, steam controller works flawlessly."
,Recommended,212480,20707098,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,spell choccymilk niqqa,sega made a good game. i liek that
,Recommended,212480,20749666,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Jax,Mario Kart meets Diddy Kong Racing. All in one race!
76561198056372531,Recommended,212480,20811955,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Evie,Better than Mario Kart!
,Recommended,212480,20807352,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Fonic,gg alot of fun
,Recommended,212480,20534445,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Peter Oliver,"Arcade local and online multi-player kart racing with complete Steam integration (Cloud Save, Achievements, Trading Cards, Full Controller Support).Buy this game.Beating everything in the single player modes is very difficult. You can unlock everything by just getting Silver medals, but to complete it all will take you countless tries on certain maps. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,20527681,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,✠ Caturix ✠,What the fu** is a Sonic?
,Recommended,212480,20558232,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Fluffy Anny,"Great game, one of the best racing games I have played. So much fun!"
76561198024905981,Recommended,212480,13579657,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,おにぎり,"This is the alternative to ""Mario Kart"" that everyone is so familiar with.I did not expect much going into this game when I first purchased it, but was pleasantly surprised at how well-polished the entire game was.  I originally played the game long before Mario Kart 8 had been released, but was surprised at how addicting the gameplay was. It would be unfair to compare this game so heavily to Mario Kart 8, but there are some obvious influences that each game has had over the other (carts' ability to transform, as one example).The gameplay is great, offering a wide variety of obstacles in each stage when you race (including the addition of flying portions). The music is at times nostalgic, playing familiar tunes from various Sega games over the years. Graphics are also fantastic, giving a sense of speed when driving at top speeds. Many many unlockable characters and modes, giving the player tons of options and replay time.Highly recommend. Even better with a friend!4 out of 5 stars."
76561197966935194,Recommended,212480,14170138,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Bamboo,Call me crazy but I prefer this over mario Kart :S
,Recommended,212480,14023062,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,cassembler,"There's a ton of value at $5 or $10, but expect a lot of grinding and ""bad luck"" losses. Some of the hard-level races effectively boil down to chance, and you'll find yourself repeating 3, 5, 10 times... over and over... Your wife will say, ""Why don't you play something else?""... Fun, yes, frustrating, absolutely."
,Recommended,212480,2962222,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,hiero,7.8/10 too many bees
,Recommended,212480,14003566,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Covfefe,"This is like Sega's version of Mario Kart but I've got to say that it's not a cheap imitation but like Sonic would say ""Come on, Step it up!""This game has a lot more replay value and challenge than any other Mario Kart game I've played.Trust me,  there is a lot of challenge and things to master in order to unlock all the characters and beat the modes in the different difficulties.Something that I personally liked was the different ways the game plays.Like for example ""Drift Challenge"" in which there are different checkpoints and you must drift in specified paths in order to gain more time to complete the stage. That's just one of many other challenges the game has for you.Also the game is very creative with its stages, basically all stages are 3 laps but the game refuses to become reptitive by making stages ""transform"" each lap or adding something each lap that makes em different.There is this one stage that at lap 2 you use the road, but at lap 3 you're forced to use an airplane because the road is no more and so on.I got this game in a sale but I've got to say I got a lot for my buck.+Lots of replay value+Challenges the player+Feels Fresh , rather than a Mario Kart copy+Does a lot of things Mario Kart hasn't done yet, thus re-inventing the kart racing genre.+This game is a sleeper hit+""Samba Studios"" stage soundtrack. RUMBAAA! ARRIBA!"
76561198124944262,Recommended,212480,14004586,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Nintandog,"Awesome racing game that is just as good, if not better than Mario Kart 8!"
,Recommended,212480,656044,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Takar,"It's the best parts of CTR, Diddy Kong Racing and Mario Kart all put in a blender and the resulting smosh is this little pearl of a game. Addicting, fun and fair, this just might be the ultimate karting experience available. No rubber-banding, no cheap items, difficult yet approachable. I'm absolutely loving it."
76561197980218505,Recommended,212480,14024562,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Snapps,Awesome arcade racer in the same vein as Outrun 2006 and Diddy Kong Racing. Very addictive.
,Recommended,212480,14028170,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,ABN | Maqache,"It´s like Mario-Kart... No it isn´t! It is faster, better and with Sonic + his friends!!!"
,Recommended,212480,14030275,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rav,"Fantastic game.Pros:Good multiplayer features including local multiplayer for Career mode.Split screen multiplayer not just locally but online with friends as well.Great controls very much like Mario Kart, or even better.Neat selection of characters.Cons:I feel Expert difficulty can be quite a pain for certain game modes."
,Recommended,212480,14030786,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Jetsetskyking,GET IT.
,Recommended,212480,14015714,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Dancarpi,"Amazing Game, totally worth buying"""
,Recommended,212480,14021116,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Pizza Piss Boy,"Mario Kart isn't on steam, Good thing this game isn't a total pile of crap! A lot of us already own this so if you want it, yeah we can do some great multiplayer matches with all of us in on the fun. It really is basically Mario Kart but you do have to learn the nuances of this game to become really good at it because it does distinct itself enough to be interesting in it's own right. Plus it has Sega characters instead of Mario ones, Including basically all the cool Sonic characters. Also for some reason it has TF2 characters and Wreck-it-Ralph so... If that does anything for ya... What was I saying? Honestly I really hope they make a sequel and and put in this much effort. This is probably one of the best sega games in the last few years."
76561198005079486,Recommended,212480,15477988,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Davster09,"Having never been into kart racing games much (last one I think I played was Mario Kart on the SNES!), I found this really fun and entertaining. My intention wasnt to buy the game either, I bought it as a part of a sonic package to relive some old classics from the megadrive days. This was included and I'm glad it was. Its good simple fun and although quite dated now, looks and plays well.Recommended ;-)"
76561198073841664,Recommended,212480,15617930,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,gonzo191,"I bought this game after hearing how ""Not sh!t"" it was given that it's a Sega\Sonic game. I must say that it surprised me in basically all areas and having played the first Sonic All-Stars game that was a welcome surprise.Pros:- Requires some skill to complete the career mode- Visually, it's a beautiful game that runs at a consistent 60 frames- Wonderful sound and music with tunes that'll have you humming along- A lot of variety in track design and game events- Tight vehicular controls that will test your skills- AI doesn't feel cheap nor stupid and on higher difficulty will test your skill- There's no ""Come from behind"" item. Every item requires skill to use and dodgeCons:- Announcer can be very annoying- The water events can be annoying as it's a bit hard to drift on water- Difficulty might be a bit to demanding for the latter events in careerLimitations:- Danica Patrick...in a mascot based kart racer... why?Verdict:Simply put, it's the best kart racer for PC. It reminds me of CTR: Crash Team Racing for the PSX which is my all time favourite kart racer. Everything in this game is astounding, the track designs, visuals, audio, kart controls, AI difficulty. Get this game if you're into kart racers."
,Recommended,212480,15548618,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Hellavadoom,"Its a great fun game,i love it"
76561198009901227,Recommended,212480,15725561,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,(SG)Bronx{uk},"Excellent game, basically mario kart for pc and i would go as far to say the tracks are visually more stunning than the mario ones. The most fun i think you could have with friends on pc."
,Recommended,212480,14997461,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,catzilla,"The best arcade kart racer for the PC and a bitter-sweet love letter to the golden age of Sega. If you have any fond memories of old Sega games, buy this racer!"
,Recommended,212480,7954604,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,DiaSin // tFC,"Buy this game! Its like Mario Kart, but you get characters and levels from all kinds of games. I just raced in a level based on the old Jet Set Radio games. And it transitions sometimes between Land, Sea and Air racing. It is SO fun."
76561198023859269,Recommended,212480,15450723,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Inferno1200,"Can you feel the sunshine? Does it brighten up your day? Don't you feel that sometimes, You just need to run away? Reach out for the sunshine, Forget about the rain, Just think about the good times, And they will come back again!BECAUSE ITS SUPER SONIC RACING! SUPER SONIC, SUPER SONIC! SUPER SONIC RACING!"
76561198052523309,Recommended,212480,5594217,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,felipedw,Super legal!!!
,Recommended,212480,725834,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Nicolas Rage,The best (the only?) local co-op combat racing experience I've had on PC. If you want a game you can play at home with friends on the PC. This is it. The driving mechanics are actually deep and the game is fast and fun as hell.
,Recommended,212480,14490045,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,rafaelborven,"It's probably the best Mario Kart clone out there, and in my opinion it's better than most MK iterations. Good roster, controls are smooth and it's pretty challenging."
,Recommended,212480,14490682,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rick,I like this game
,Recommended,212480,14305709,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Zi,"I think in some ways a better Kart racer than Mario Kart. Item pick ups could use more flare. Maybe something to do with the characters in the game themselves, or items from the respective universes. Otherwise, it's extremely fun. Track layout, character mods, and each different character themselves give you enough variety to keep playing for a long while. The game looks great, and feels great to play. The controls are tight, and I'd recommend it to anyone, whether solo play couch coop or online multiplayer."
,Recommended,212480,7974608,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Yotsuba,"This game is amazing, better kart racer than any Mario Kart game in a decade.  Buy it unless you are a filthy casual."
76561197968285815,Recommended,212480,14283103,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,bobFromReboot,"If you like Mario Kart, you'll love this game. You can go from a car to a boat, or a boat to a plane, or a car to a plane. Or.. I think that's all the transformations. Great controls, fair AI opponents, fun stable online play. Have not yet tried local split screen but may update this review if I do get around to that."
,Not Recommended,212480,14272319,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,[FDC2] Ryan the Quacktastrophe,"The controls suck and you can't re-arrange any of them, and it was just damn well annoying, i really wanted to enjoy this game as i had sonic all star racing on my ds so i figured this would be fun, but it sucked. I don't even want to go too far into the details. Ugh..... RIP 20 dollars..."
,Recommended,212480,14288645,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,PsychoTech,awsome game. the game is interesting with the ai and it just generaly fun
,Recommended,212480,14412979,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,bloodyhostile17,Getting my♥♥♥♥♥♥kicked by my Aussie bestie: Priceless.
76561198028388804,Recommended,212480,14600813,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,josem1482,Great Kart Racing! Worth it.
,Recommended,212480,14540172,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Carl Against Humanity,"Nice, fun game"
,Recommended,212480,1196852,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,TopHatAlpha,Got to go relatively quick
,Recommended,212480,14561569,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Jet Set Willy,The best kart racer since Mario Kart 64 and its original incarnation on the SNES. Add to that if you are a Sega fan you will wet yourself over the loving detail crafted into this game. Top quality in every respect.  Just buy buy buy!
,Recommended,212480,14586520,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,LiamBull1996,Best Arcade Racer ive ever played!
,Recommended,212480,1432399,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Arbie,Who knew RNG and imbalanced gameplay could be this much fun. Best Mario Kart I've ever played.
,Recommended,212480,14564718,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,snot,"best racer on steam, plays as good as mario kart"
,Recommended,212480,14568168,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Sonicman234,"This is the superior version. 3DS has problems involving crashing randomly. Wii U got an update that broke the career mode because boost challenges no longer had checkpoints. PS3/XBOX 360 had weird loading problems and Wi-Fi races were laggy. The PC version has more DLC than the versions I mentioned before. but also has PC exclusive characters including Shogun, (what game is he from) Team Fortress 2's Pyro, Spy, and Heavy, as well as Football Manager. The DLC characters are Metal Sonic, Ryu, and Simon from Yogcast. The music is amazing. The tracks are breathtakingly gorgeous. It is the most fun you can get from the racing genre. That and Mario Kart. Tracks range from Sonic the Hedgehog, NIGHTS into Dreams, Jet Set Radio, Super Monkey Ball, Burning Rangers, Skys of Arcadia, etc. Oh, right. One of the playable characters from when you first buy the game is Wreck-it Ralph. I love this game so I think you should give it a try. BTW. Get a PC compatable Xbox controller. Controlling the flight mode with a keyboard is a pain in the @#$. Other than that, I love this game."
,Recommended,212480,14570240,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Ice Falzar,"This game is very fun and has a lot of diversity in the tracks. Buying the PC version over console versions is a must since you get more charachters like, TF2, for example. There is more to just racing, like the versus and boost challenge modes. This game also appeals to a wide range of difficulty. You can choose to ramp up the difficulty for a fun and fast paced race or you can turn it down for a simple and more scenic race."
,Recommended,212480,16041985,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,DLB3,"Don't really like racing games, except this or the usual Mario Kart.Maps are outstanding.Just imagine if Sega took over Mario Kart.Also, Ryo Hazuki from Shenmue.What more could you want?"
,Recommended,212480,15942973,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Karma (DiamondEevee),Needs Shulk and Lucina then I'll be happy
,Recommended,212480,16102848,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Cybergheist,"Small tip for the low-end users: Use configure to lower the quallity of the game.It may not look fancy after you lowered the graphics, but at least it playable."
,Recommended,212480,15801345,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,独角兽. NiGHTS,"It has been over 10 years since I bought my last Sonic Game, but I got to say that it is one of the Best Driving Games I have ever played.Each maps has its own variety of maps that can change each laps. You can have a land-driving game at one lap and then it can change into air-driving at the next lap.It also has over 20 characters for you to choose, each characters has its strengths and weaknesses. As you play as one of them, you can unlock mods that can help enhance their cars. Also, they have unique All-Stars that can attack enemies in a different way such as launching projectiles, firing homing missles or blasting everyone nearby you. Best of all, they are all well-balanced so that no drivers will be overpowered. I recommend you to play every characters at least once, all of them are fun to play.If you want to improve your skills of driving, they even have World Tours where they have modes such as Boost Challenges where you have to travel boost areas repeatedly to stop the countdown time and to get to your checkpoint before clock reaches 0. Drift Challenges where you have to drift in a pavement of drift arrows to extend your time. And Ring Challenge where you must fly through every ring or you will suffer time loss to reach to your checkpoint.However, there are some cons with this game, such as the controls in this game. They do not show or explain in detail of how to control your car or do stunts in mid-air. You will bound to have difficulty in the first few games.Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is one game that you will not regret buying, it is a game that you will have garunteed fun-time playing in Grand Prix, Time Attack, World Tour and Single Racing. But it is even better when you are playing with friends. I highly recommend you friends to play this game with you. I am sure you and your friends will play over 100 hours of this amazing racing game.I give this a 9.5/10.Aranos"
,Recommended,212480,15806478,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,akilyoung,BEST kart game EVER MADE!!!! BY FAR!!!IMO this BLOWS AWAY Mario Kart......in every aspect.....graphics/tracks/number of tracks/animation/models/etcMUST BUY if youre into Kart games!!!
,Recommended,212480,15626101,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,ReberFeber,Mario Cart hipster Edition but sorta better...10/10 finally no more blue shells :D
,Recommended,212480,13482946,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Deage,"Easily the best racing game on Steam.  Great multiplayer support, local and online, simultaneously.  I've not found a person who doesn't enjoy playing this game, casual or hardcore gamer.  Everyone says this is just like Mario Kart but I also own this and it's actually better.  One of the best deals on Steam, I hope they make more like this."
,Recommended,212480,13469618,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,- Derek Prime -,"I came here because I wanted to play Mario Kart.This looked like it could be the next best thing that was available on steam. ...It was even better.Gameplay is solid. It plays very smooth, feels balanced, lots of curves to practice drifting and boosting on, and I don't miss the BS winged blue shells. Prolly most similar game was Diddy Kong Racing. I waited for a sale because I wasn't sure about the game going in, but I would have paid full price had I known. Do recommend."
,Recommended,212480,13527225,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,dzire187,"Great gameplay, nice graphics. Loads of fun, espcially playing split-screen with friends. Worthy alternative to that other Kart-racing franchise."
76561198135172607,Recommended,212480,13531175,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Smi,"This game is so much fun. Even recycled courses later in the game always contained some sort of clever twist that made me want to come back. The different tracks are really imaginative. You can feel while playing that the developers really cared about the final product and their customers. Which, sadly enough, is not a standard anymore. If you enjoy mario-cart-like games, do buy this one."
,Recommended,212480,13786246,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Yakko,"After playing the original ""Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing"" on a Wii, I decided to give a try to this new version of the game.At first I wasn't convinced about the ""transformed"" part of the game, but now I must admit that it adds a nice and fresh way of gaming that makes it highly entertaining.I really like the full controller support, though if you have non-xbox 360 controllers it can take some time configuring those. (Just be sure to clear every key you want to program because when you assing a new one, it just adds it to the original one, resulting in some keys to have several actions)Another nice thing is the both online and splitscreen multiplayer, allowing you to play with friends both locally and over the internet.The AI can be really challenging, I even had some struggle on medium, which helps to keep the game entertainingOverall, this is a really nice game and highly entertaining."
,Recommended,212480,6335620,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Cyril,"WELL THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥IS JUST RACHIT, I WASTE MONEY ON ALL THESE DUMB♥♥♥♥♥CREATURES AND NOW THEY'RE IN VHEILCILES LIKE WHAT IS THIS DUMB♥♥♥♥♥♥I WANT TO SEE THEM NIGS RUN ♥♥♥♥♥ RUNNN"
76561197960436562,Recommended,212480,13670841,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Долбоёжик,"Very nice and fun game, as soon as you tweak out all the stuff that could go wrong, since there is quite a lot of it...if you are lucky and everything works right from the start and you also read through the guides which explain how to not suck at the game, you will have a fun sega themed arcade ""racing"" game. The visuals on the stages are great, the track offer a lot of variety and if you owned some sega consoles/games from the 8 bit time untill the dreamcast you will see some very recognizable themes..."
,Recommended,212480,33978,"Posted: 20 March, 2013",all,ZekeDMS,"This game has no business being as fun as it is, but it absolutely is. Suck it, Mario Kart!"
,Recommended,212480,13675951,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HDPixel_1080p,"I wish this game was more popular, Valve needs a solid Kart-racer.Pros:-Smooth controls-Fun gameplay-Sonic, Sega, and Valve characters-Competitive multiplayerCons:-Story mode is very hard-Some courses require incredible skill to get through-Plane mode is a little buggy"
,Recommended,212480,13703817,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,catarinosouto07,muito bom
,Recommended,212480,13703945,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Charly,Best Game Ever. You Just need a gamepad to play Thats all.
,Recommended,212480,13776781,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Trunks,"If you loved Mario Kart, you will definately love this one.  Karts, boats, and jets in a single race to mix up the fun with power-ups and other random obstacles that make this game fun.  Love the fact that you can do 1 to 4 players local co-op or even a combination of 2 local co-op with 1 or 2 online friends to join in on the fun.  I have no complaints!"
,Recommended,212480,13777630,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,HSW729,This game is fast paced and exciting. For all with good gaming skills. Not for those whom get frustrated eazy.
,Recommended,212480,13737025,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Tr3b0r,"Mario Kart - but Sonic Style, and it's on PC!BUY IT!!!!!"
,Recommended,212480,13322321,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Alex,Football Manager is best manager.
,Recommended,212480,254456,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,Mambo,
,Recommended,212480,7783063,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[GGG]Xienen,"This game is a blast! I played for several hours straight one morning, which is rare, because I tend to jump from one game to the next every couple hours.  Anyone who enjoys Mario Kart style racing should give this one a go!"
,Recommended,212480,2904867,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Xhanos,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing TransformedThis game got 26 characters each with their own unique(ish) car/boat/plane 13 characters are unlockable and require hard work to get to.Singleplayer:The ""Campaign/Storymode"" is good it's built up on 6 world tours which the player must progress through to obtain more characters and new maps.There is 4 difficulty levels: Easy, Medium, Hard and ExpertMedium can still prove a challenge, Hard will challenge your driving skills aswell as aiming skills. And Expert mode will Challenge all your skills combined, a mode made for perfectionists.Grandprix:Grandprix is built on 4 maps unique to every Grandprix, 10 Grandprix total. 5 Normal and 5 Mirrored.there is also Time attack and single race gamemodes for singleplayer.Multiplayer:The game has matchmaking, but you can also create your own only for you and your friends the game will automaticly select bots you can play against.oh yeah and everyone and their mother picks Shadow.Items: there is not a single weapon thats ""unavoidable"" even homing bombs can be avoided by drift boosting at a perfect time. You must rely solely on your aiming skills while keeping track of where you drive and who's near you.Maps: There is alot of maps, all are unique and themed after older SEGA related games known aswell as lesser known games. The maps transform while playing and may shift from being landbased to suddenly flooded and then the new mechanics go in.Transformation Mechanic: The transformation works perfectly, every vehicle class (car/boat/plane) handle differently and the player must be ready to switch tactic between vehicle modes. You can drift in all 3 modes.Customization:Each vehicle handles differently from the others there are a few parameters unique(ish) to each vehicle, like som may be good at Speed and Acceleration, but might lack alot when it comes to Handling. This can be shifted around alittle by leveling up the character you like and for each level you unlock a ""mod"" for said person like ""Speed mod"" which will increase speed but lower some of the other parameters, or ""Balanced mod"" which will try to even the parameters out. You can always shift between these mods before the race.Drawbacks:weird controls(especially for PC), even for joysticks (!! These can be modified !!)if one player lags alot, the map might bugout and some places might seem closed when they really are open.(might just be a tempoary bug(05/02/2013))It's an awesome game, I will be spending a great deal of time on this game every now and then. And if you are up to it then by all means Challenge me ;)91/100"
,Recommended,212480,7786107,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,RocketPool,"I dont care how old you are, this game deserves to be played!"
,Recommended,212480,6454525,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Colynato,Love it. A very diverse and entertaining racing experience!
,Recommended,212480,7779987,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zachs Kappler,Seriously one of the best racing games I've played in a long time. They really poured a lot of love into the development of this game.
,Recommended,212480,5084235,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,DaMan,"Out of all the platforms this game can be played on, PC is by far the best. In the PC version, you get 4 extra characters to play as, and all of them are ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic. It has TF2 characters in it. How can you resist that. Only downside is that the voice actors they used are... well... bad. But it's a fun as♥♥♥♥♥♥game if you like racing."
,Recommended,212480,3489785,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Asshatter,The best cart racing game.
,Recommended,212480,2176043,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Sniper,Very interesting racing game with a lot of cool mechanics and great level design.
,Recommended,212480,2299670,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Dark Link,"I own one racing game on Steam, and this one is definitely my favorite out of all of them.Grab it while it's on sale."
76561198000061188,Recommended,212480,1943376,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Krux,epa se curtes mario kart! aconselho-te e aproveita k ta barato :P
,Recommended,212480,16637640,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ham★,"Bought this game on sale, expecting it to be a cheesy Mario Kart ripoff. I was pleasantly surprised when it turned out to actually be a decent racing game! Would recommend to people who like Mario Kart or just SEGA nostalgia. Did I mention? You can play as Crazy Taxi, NiGHTS, Golden Axe, and even aDreamcast VMU."
76561198025020481,Recommended,212480,16712196,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,MoistOwlet,"Great fun, best comparison to Mario Kart available on Steam.  Full controller compatibility, can play with up to 4 local, plus online multiplayer options."
,Recommended,212480,16714433,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tasaraus,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is an amazing racing game. This game is perfect for fans of the Mario Kart series. But, unlike in Mario Kart, your car can transform into a boat and a plane. There are characters from all over the Sega universe and beyond... you can also play as people from Team Fortress 2, which is AWESOME!!! If you haven't checked out this game, you are really missing out."
76561198085880354,Recommended,212480,10317005,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Steelix,"YOU CAN BE ALL YOUR FAVORITE RACERS YOU CAN BE AMY,A GUY WITH A TAXI,SOME OTHER PEOPLE YOU HAVE NEVER HEARD OF AND ALL OF YOUR FAVORITES INCLUDING SANIC :D,but no joke i love this game you might think its like need for speed but its not,you havethree types of racing styles in one race,boats and helicopters and jets it  just opens up a hole difrent world of racing and maybe in the future will something else like this."
,Recommended,212480,11133803,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Mechaniquin,"""Statistics show that the average hedghehog goes fast at least 3 times a day"" factoid actually just statistical error. Sonic georg, who lives on planet Mobius, goes fast 10000 times each day and is an outlier and should not be counted."
,Recommended,212480,12295390,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,tiddy,It is MarioKart on PC that looks better than MarioKart.  It is a lot of fun and worth your money on sale.  Go pick it up once it goes on sale again.
,Recommended,212480,12368603,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Messer <∞>,Wonderful kart racer with excellent tracks and fair powerups.  Pretty much the best kart racer on the PC.
,Recommended,212480,12359777,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,#55,Best karting style game available for the PC. The evolving tracks make this a lot more fun than some of the others. Pretty tricky when turning it up to S class racing. Great 4 player split screen action on a large TV with 4 controllers
76561197971033029,Recommended,212480,487038,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,WookieeLove,"This is a great kart racer.  If you like the genre, you'll like this game.  It's indisputably a well-executed iteration of the medium.I know it really shouldn't be about this, but in my opinion it's better than Mario Kart.  It's a bit more well balanced and skill-based.  No blue shell or bullet bill, instead there are comparative power-ups which are less over-powered and take a bit more skill to use.Multiplayer is great too, and it has a rare-feature for a PC game: local-multiplayer via splitscreen."
76561198068020962,Recommended,212480,12363607,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Gamefreak346,"Sonic And Sega All Stars Racing Transformed is a great game for not only Sega fans, but for racing game fans as a whole. It improves on the mechanics of the previous title in this series (Sonic And Sega All Stars Racing) while also adding all new, very unique mechanics that have been well polished and certainly well implemented.-Graphics-This game looks absolutely beqautiful! Transitions between the different vehicle forms are smooth (at least for the original characters like Sonic) and the forms themselves also look very good. There are a few draw distance issues with shadows and such, and character models aren't the best; but overall it is a very good looking game.On top of that, it runs very smoothly (on medium to high settings) on my $600 laptop (very good considering).-Gameplay-This game is very fun in that it has a large variety of vehicles (characters) and tracks as well as game modes. Plus some fun power-ups at your desposal.Vehicles (characters): The vehicles all have there own play style. Some more focused on speed or boost, others on handling or acceleration. And you can change this up even further with vehicle mods that you are rewarded through leveling up or through finding them in the single player campain. Plus, those play styles are changed beyond that in the different vehicle forms (bat, plane, and car). Planes are the fastest overall, cars are the middle ground in speed but (at least from personal experience) have the best handling and drift, and boats are the slowest and the hardest to handle (especially when getting tossed around by large waves). You can also get free boosts by taking advantage of the game's simple trick system.Tracks: In total this game contains 20 different tracks (each with multiple froms for different modes). One special thing about them is that (unlike in most other racing games) these tracks change as the race progresses, adding more obstacles or even forcing you to go a lap in a different vehicle mode all together. They are very exciting to play around in and can offer quite a challenge to master.Game Modes: This game has a total of 6 different game modes. You have a single player campain, grand prix, single race, time trials for lap times, split-screen multiplayer, and online multiplyer. This makes sure that the game has plenty of replayablity, as with so many different game modes and all the things each of them offer, you'll be finding yourself unable to stop playing for quite some time.Power-ups: These are the big equaliser. They aren't very powerful (exect for the very rare All Star move) and are very limited in duration (again, exept All Stars). But there are planty of them and when used correctly can give you a major upper hand, however it can also backfire as all of them are fairly easy to dodge or outrun (even the homing type attacks). If you rely souly on them, you are going to have a very hard time doing good at this game as simply using power-ups is only enough to get you a small amount of time to overtake racers, you must also master the tracks as well as the different mechanics in order to do good.-Is it worth it?-In my opinion, yes.It is fun in every aspect it sets out to be; it has tons of replayability (he large variety of vehicles (characters), tracks, power-ups, and game modes is a big factor to that.), the focus on skill rather than luck, the beautiful graphics; all of this ties into one of the best mascot racing games (or maybe even one of the best racing games in general) of the previous generation and I highly suggest you pick it up if you haven't already."
,Recommended,212480,3073490,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,GSK,"A hidden pleasure of mine. Give it a try, it might be your thing. You will want to use a controller for this one, though."
,Recommended,212480,12199879,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Turbopasta,"I went into Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed not expecting much other than a Mario Kart clone. What I got was a full-blown addiction to perhaps the best racing game I've ever played.All-Stars Racing Transformed obviously barrows lots from the Mario Kart and kart racing formula, especially in the way of items, character roster, and overall feel of the game. But this game is not Mario Kart. It is SO much faster than any Mario Kart game, and it features a level of depth and mastery that many Mario Kart players have hungered for. All-Stars racing also feels more serious than Mario Kart in the carfully balanced items that don't give too much momentum to the person using them most of the time. Once you get used to the swing of things you'll basically be boosting all over the place and leaving your enemies in the dust.Recommended to everyone who wants to go fast."
,Recommended,212480,12307066,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,POW TO YOU!,"I love this game, the graphics are amazing, controls are great, and it has very addicting gameplay. There's only one bad thing I can say about this game really: Once you turn up the difficulty passed medium, the game gets an extreme difficulty spike, which makes nearly all the levels almost impossible feeling, even for good players. It also seems like the bots go faster than you the more you turn up the difficulty, but that could just be in my imagination.It's a great game that's sure to keep you glued to it for a while, I haven't tested multiplayer because I don't have friends who play this, but I can only imagine that it's good too."
,Recommended,212480,12226660,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Mr Dink,Adding Team Fortress 2 characters instantly made this the best racing game ever.
76561198061009147,Recommended,212480,12229233,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,WW2PY,bery gud mi like
,Recommended,212480,12260842,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,funkeh the kneejerker,An incricately designed racer with a great character selection and excellent multiplayer. Each race is balanced and well-crafted.
76561198006487904,Recommended,212480,12281425,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,TruckRockpec,"An excellent kart racer, the tracks range in challenge from demanding to relaxing. The environments are colourful and varied, and I found it easy to enjoy tracks based on titles I don't have any nostalgia for. Individual racers level up and can have their stats tweaked to better mesh with your style of racing. The range of on-course items is broad enough to allow for some variety of racing strategies to be built around them, yet it also avoids including any item so powerful that an entire race can be shifted when it's used (i.e., no blue shell nonsense). Overall, I'm glad I purchased this title."
76561198020682069,Recommended,212480,11758705,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,The Duke,"Surprisingly good game. I enjoy the graphics of this game. They are cartoony but very smooth and very good. The gameplay does not get old and repetitive quickly. Unlike a lot of other ""kart"" style games recently this  one does not seem to heavily favor those who are in last and ruin your chances of winning."
,Recommended,212480,11666325,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,FeliParamoico,"Do you like Mario Kart? do you miss Crash Nitro Kart? have you ever played Diddy kong Racing? then this is your PC racing game.If you also like Sega stuff and playing with some friends , you'll love this game. Good graphics and mecanics, good amount of characters and items, and, the stages, the stages are the best and i love them really hard. Are colorful and even tough due that they have 3 ways to through them: by air, water and ground.And compared with the first game is better in graphics , is better this one but i still prefer the first one gameplay.It's really nice if you wanna play it with friends and some beers . But i would wait to buy it in a offer.8/10"
,Recommended,212480,7232220,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,lildicknigga,Cheaper Version Of Americas Largest Growing Sport NASCAR.
76561198071579680,Recommended,212480,11597378,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,EyeMisMeanieRuu~,"I can't play this game on my pc for the time being but I've played this game a lot since it came out, on console and pc version with siblings and I'm still playing to this day.  It should by no means be overlooked as a ""Mario Kart or Diddy Kong Racing clone"" or if you hate Sonic because the gameplay is very fun, based more on skill than luck and the tracks plus transforming vehicles give the game a sense of variety. The gameplay is very intense, fast paced and fluid and I'll agree with what another person said before, how it's sort of like Mario Kart and F-Zero combined. Characters have ""mods"" that can be unlocked which change a character's stats to your liking, meaning you can use whoever you want and you never get the feeling that only certain characters should be used like in Mario Kart 8. This game definitely has a deeper learning curve than Mario Kart, which may turn some people off but if you take the time to get good at the game, it really pays off and being good in this game feels very satisfying and rewarding.This can be a very difficult and unforgiving game, especially if you plan to unlock all the characters and beat the world tour mode. The game also can have some odd glitches at times but it doesn't seem like anything game breaking. If anyone likes kart racers or racing games in general, you need to play this game."
,Recommended,212480,11488495,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Peter Paddock,A good racing game that has finally come out since CTR racing and all the others from back in the day.
,Recommended,212480,5118497,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Zumpano,"At first I wasn't really that much hypeed up for this game. Infact I thought it was just a Mario Kart 7 wannabe. But I decided to give this game a shot anyway to see how it holds up. And it actually turned out to be surprisingly good. Easily the best Kart racer I've played on this generation. If you have $20, this game is worth it."
76561197987222432,Recommended,212480,14829970,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,ˈnəTHiNG,Fun!  Mario Kart but with Sega characters and game themes.  Love the four player split screen!
,Recommended,212480,15011817,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Lofa,"An Excellent Casual Racing GameThis is an excellent ""kart"" style racing game that has good single player and multi-player modes. There are a good number of maps, unlockable characters and racing modes. I am not usually a fan of racing games but find this enjoyable on my own and with groups of friends."
,Recommended,212480,4508283,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,asthemachinerollson,10/10 it's okay
76561198063194333,Recommended,212480,15009790,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,EastBeast13,"Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is a fun, great racing game. It's has 20 tracks with 23 characters and 5 PC exclusive characters and with 3 DLC to buy. Metal Sonic with the Outrun track, Ryo from Shenmue and Simon from Yogscast.This game is like Diddy Kong Racing but except you don't select a vehicle. You will go from car to boat to plane in the race. Also this game can be played online with other players too and is not a broken glitchy game.If you like racing games that have items (like boost, green shell, ect) in them, then I would recommend this game."
76561197981788912,Recommended,212480,14270854,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,SpaceCowboy850,"Surprisingly good Mario Kart-style game.  I think it has a bit more variety than Mario Kart 8, but Mario Kart 8 is more of a striaght racer.  I love the challenges in the single player world tour.  It kept me coming back since it wasn't just racing every time.  Sometimes you would have to fight through traffic, other times you would have to drift to keep your time up, other times, you had to keep boosting to freeze the clock...lots of varieties in the challenges.Doing tricks off of jumps is a great way to keep a track interesting as well, as a trick gives you boosts when you land.  Great balance there, too, as if you fail to land it (the animation doesn't complete in time), then you are slowed for a bit.My main complaint is that the straight up races can be random as you are getting hit so much.  Not really a surprise with a kart racer like this.  Also, the weapon pick ups are a bit small, making it easy to accidentally miss them."
76561198040650897,Recommended,212480,14390685,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,RebelOfficer,Great game!
76561198087898950,Recommended,212480,14398246,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Sir William the Insatiable,"SEEEGAAAA!Sega's answer to Nintendo's Mario Kart if only a decade to late. Simple game, plenty of content, and fun to play. Graphically pleasing with good controls. I use an XBOX 360 controller, so it handles real well.If you got kids this is great, for you adults you might want to look elsewhere."
,Recommended,212480,14378320,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,blazinmeow,"Probably a million of these ""Not a fan of racing games, but this one was really fun."" But yeah thats actually the case often the not. Really fun game, buy it and try it. My only gripe is Sega not adding in Blaze the Cat, one of the many characters in the Sonic series that has been neglected and forgotten."
,Recommended,212480,14364712,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,TheMrSmajicster,"Amazing graphics, great control. Just lots of hackers out there. Its pretty much the SEGA version of Mario Kart. :3"
,Recommended,212480,14344005,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Jebe,"Hands down as close to Mario Kart as you'll ever get, this game is so much fun, especially with friends, the only downside is that the community isn't that active, and finding online matches can be a bit of a hassle."
,Recommended,212480,14347371,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Taliuz,"One of the games I have never regreted that I bought, a fun and good looking game that support almost anything you would desire if you are not on a Mac of Linux that is. It come's with multiplayer,co-op and full controller support.You have a good amount of cars to choose from and can unlock even more.This is the racing game that everyone should have, even if you don't like racing game's ;)This game brings only fun and joy, and a little bit of frustration on some of the maps, since some of it can be a little bit challenging.Anyway I have nothing bad to say about this game, what you see is what you get with this one."
76561197978674787,Recommended,212480,14360199,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,THE Tomato Tim,"TL;DR Haven't had this much fun with a kart game since Mario Kart: Double Dash. Had a great time fully completing this game. 9.5/10You have to be get good to beat this game on expert, really good. That sentence about sums up this very skill based game.  Sonic & All Stars Racing: Transformed has earned its place among the other great kart racing games such as Mario Kart, Diddy Kong Racing, and Crash Team Racing and in many ways surpasses them.Firstly, this game, as opposed to many other kart racing games, has a lesser reliance on weapons. You still have to know how to use the weapons properly and every single one can be countered. This promotes a very fair feel to the races. Drifting is also a major portion of the races; the longer you hold a drift the bigger of a boost you are rewarded with. The AI throughout the singleplayer was for the most part very fair. If I lost a race most of the time I had nothing to blame but myself. There were occassions were it seemed the AI gangs up on you, especially when playing on the expert difficulty, but with the right amount of skill everything could be avoided. In other words, the AI is a farcry better than the rubber band AI that plagues most other kart racers (I'M LOOKING AT YOU MARIO KART). If you dominating a race the game will play as such.The levels are amazing. I am having a hard time thinking of a level that stands out as being ""bad"". Most of the levels will typically change terrain with every lap, one lap you will on land and the next the entire stage could be falling apart forcing you to fly. In addition, many levels will also feature terrain changes many times in a single lap. They are fun the first time you play them, but more importantly they are fun levels to master.The single player features the usual grand-prix (and a mirror mode), time trials, and single races which can be taken online. The single player campaign was the highlight for me featuring many different modes including boost challenges where you must maintain a boost the whole time, drift challenges, and ring challenges in which you must fly through a ring course. This goes along with the usual racing fare and a tacked on tank versus game which was the weakest game mode, luckily you do not have to play it many times.The online multipltiplayer is pretty much what you would expect; the single races without AI. At this point the community is extremely good at the game, so noobies beware. Never had much of a problem with lag, even with playing with people from all over the world.All in all, one of my favorite kart racers ever. It was a joy for me to 100% this game despite a small grind at the end to unlock everything. HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,212480,14363502,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,N@dz *twitch.tv/tu_nadz,"Love the fact that its split-screen, had so much fun playing this amazing game!!!"
76561198162603382,Recommended,212480,14177778,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,I hope this game is gluten-free,"Caution, it's really addicting.6.5 / 10Wait till it's on sale for like 5 bucks. Ah, and you need a controller."
,Recommended,212480,14163640,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Chaffney,Surprising amount of fun!
76561198008197850,Recommended,212480,14206865,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,turtledude,super fun multi player light harted racing game. the closest thing to mario kart on pc but with sega characters. fun for all ages
76561198171066551,Recommended,212480,14210395,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AprilTheHag,"This game takes a big step up from many other racing games.  The power-ups are fun and have good graphics, and there is ample variety for what kind of damage you want to cause to your opponents.  There aren't a whole ton of tracks, but there are mirror versions of all the tracks which adds a new sort of difficulty.  In the previous Sonic racing game, there are multiple tracks from each game like Monkeyball, Billy Hatcher, etc., but in this game you only get one or two from each game.  There are many more games used though.  The tracks do have more moving parts to them, and are much more interactive.  There are many different routes to take in each track, and some of them do evolve over how many laps you play.  Because of this, you are limited to only playing three laps each time, unlike the previous Sonic racing game.  Overall, it's a very, very good game, and totally worth the money to buy.  You'll get many hours of enjoyment out of this game."
76561198093468781,Recommended,212480,14108129,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Amir,Best kart racing game on PC. Probably better than Mario Kart 8. 9/10
,Recommended,212480,14108857,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,senzu_P,game is on crack
76561198044348757,Recommended,212480,14095663,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,monkaS,map design is 2 goodgotta go fast
,Recommended,212480,10347565,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Agentx213,"This game is great, and has a lot of characters that are unique in the way their karts handle and drive.10/10"
76561198045561035,Recommended,212480,10286120,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Dangarde,"Better than Mario Kart. This is a kart racer with a high skill cap, chaining flips and rolls together with drifts to get massive boosts is so satisfying. This means there is more to learning a track than just knowing where the shortcut is. I would reccomend it to anyone who is not afraid of getting thrashed by AI"
,Recommended,212480,10288399,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Billbus Hangrus,You go so damn fast.  10/10 would Sanic again.
,Recommended,212480,10293520,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Cresh,hereIcomerougherthantherestofthemthebestofthemtougherthanleatheryoucancallmeknucklesunlikesonicidontchuckleidratherflexmymuscleimhardasnailsitainthardtotellibreakemdownwethertheysolidorfrailmyindependenceismyfirstbreathferststepevrylikethingigetbornoninislandintheheavensthebloodofmyancestorsflowsinsidememydutyistosavetheflowersfromevildeteriorationletmebetheonetosetyourheartfreetruecleansyourselfoftheevilspiritsthagotinyou
,Recommended,212480,14114091,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,JustHacks Gamer,cool game
,Recommended,212480,14117290,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Escardax,"Really fun game, great selection of characters! Gets really difficult when you play on the 'Hard' difficulty but still fun regardless :) Recommend this game if you're looking for a Mario Kart-Esque game!"
76561198024987223,Recommended,212480,14455931,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,dirt glass,Trying to get 4 or even 3 stars on most events will make you reevaluate your life. 10/10 would suffer through again
,Recommended,212480,30500415,Posted: 13 March,all,HS3 Assman,"amazing kart racer for pc, no better replacement for mario kart"
,Recommended,212480,12495423,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,slfan68,GOTTA GO FAST
,Recommended,212480,738651,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"This game isn't that bad, has a feel like your typical SEGA racing game (somewhat reminds me of F-Zero on Gamecube. This game is perfect for Big Picture, a good buy for anyone looking for an easy racing game to pick up but with a few challenges along the way to total completion. For a rough and/or loose comparison equation: F-Zero + Mariokart = Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed."
,Recommended,212480,7029448,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,☭ Fidel Castro ☭,It's like Mariokart but on speed
,Recommended,212480,12805507,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Lycaenidae,"I really like this game, and that's something I don't often say!The graphics, the gameplay, everything just fits so perfectly to make this a beautiful game!Just look out that it doesn't hit you right in your ""addiction"", if you know what I mean :)"
,Recommended,212480,12920639,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Pasqually,There's not even any baby characters. I'm going back to Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,12618328,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Fist,NEFFIN PERSNEL KIIDDDD
76561198000681547,Recommended,212480,12682270,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,King Zero,"The best Kart Racer you'll find on steam. Fun, Challenging and with a ton of unlockable content, challenge races and an awesome career mode.Only gripe is the AI, which rubber-bands and gets the best pickups in the final lap of the race when you're out in first.Also, smacking the smug look off that spiny little blue ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ face when he's in front of you is satisfying."
,Recommended,212480,199670,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Matt,"This game is a must buy! I love it, such a classic to the old Mario Kart games, only colorful with witty humor! :D"
,Recommended,212480,12598612,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,וועא,Hell yeah! Mario kart for PC! :D
76561198044248063,Recommended,212480,12482730,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Chicken McNazi,"bought this only for the team fortress characters and didn't expect anything, was dissapointed that the voices weren't the original ones, but surprised about how good this game is. plane controls are a bit sloppy though and it seems that for me the configeration-feature is bugged..."
,Recommended,212480,12748929,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Coffee Stained Hockey Mask,this game is a fun recomended racing game it also has spy pyro and heavy (only in steam version i think) you can challange your friends to a race and also race on your own! you can also transform into a boat airplane and also a carthis game is highly reccomened to try if your fimliar to mario kart and to try somthing new
,Recommended,212480,12744903,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,albentot,
76561197970498186,Recommended,212480,10973805,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Elk,Split screen Sonic silly cars. It's a buy.
76561198117096052,Recommended,212480,10608060,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,DestructivePrincess,"Great fun, like Mario Kart but on my computer and much better graphics."
,Recommended,212480,10616888,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zel,brooom broooom broooom... mario can't catch sonic.. :Dbetter than mario kart.. definitely.
76561197980111486,Recommended,212480,851772,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,rinnanstimpy,"A lot of sonic games are trash, but they did a really good job with this one!"
,Recommended,212480,10600395,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,RioStarUK,"Awesome, I love the split screen battles!"
,Recommended,212480,4966788,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Noleen,"The cast isn't really interesting if you haven't played every games but the game is fun, challenging and beautiful."
,Recommended,212480,10895572,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,kira,"fun racing game,  better than mario kart? haha"
76561197998312821,Recommended,212480,1811057,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Aqua,"It's basically mario kart on your PC. With soniks.Hey if it's on sale, nab it, I like it enough to play a few races when I feel the need to agressively beat my siblings into the ground. :3"
,Recommended,212480,10584981,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Baellaedeth,So much fun!
,Recommended,212480,12529384,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Nick,"Overall great racing game, very solid controls (once you change the keybinds to your preference) with crisp vehicle control and stunningly good graphics for a game you expect to look somewhat like a cartoon.There is a ton of races for you to do, with different types that are exclusive to the game itself, and a lot of racers to choose from different Capcom games. Every racer can also be edited with mods you unlock, to enhance their strengths, balance them out, or make up for weaknesses.The online play is also solid, I had no lag issues and did not encounter anyone who was cheating (if its possible). Besides the racing itself, the soundtrack is the best component of this game, fits the game perfectly"
,Recommended,212480,14055925,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Dolphin,F***ing amazing! For the love of god you can fly!
76561197972282988,Recommended,212480,14057135,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Chesney Hawkes,brill good fun and fun courses closest game to the mario karts
,Recommended,212480,14062293,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,~* Chronic Manspreader *~,"I was quite skeptical of this game at first, but I have had a hard time putting it down. Exciting gameplay, amazing atmosphere, and a lot of familiar characters to choose from. Definitely a game I would recommend."
,Recommended,212480,14063108,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,MatTheWapple,"This game is honestly great fun.Let me start out by saying that no, it is no Mario Kart. No, it probably won't blow your mind away. But it is an enjoyable experience. As someone who doesn't own a WiiU, this was the closest option I could get to Mario Kart. It's a fun game, albeit lacking some polish, and is great fun with friends. I wouldn't reccomend it for more than 10 dollars, but I got it for 5 and it was easily worth it."
76561198044569375,Recommended,212480,14050184,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,bruner93,"A fun racing game that reminds me of Track Mania. My only mild complaint: the audio is low…workable, but low. I use Logitech G930 headphones with their 8.40 software, the version _before_ Logitech removed user preamp control to limit volume. This is the first game I remember playing with both the preamp _and_ volume sliders up all the way. Otherwise it’s a cool game."
76561198153219316,Recommended,212480,14050918,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Taylor Swift,"░░░░▐▀█▀▌░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▐█▄█▌░░░░░░▀█▄░░░░░░░░▀▄▀░░░▄▄▄▄▄▀▀░░░░░░▄▄▄██▀▀▀▀░░░░░░░░░░█▀▄▄▄█░▀▀░░░░░▌░▄▄▄▐▌▀▀▀░░▄░▐░░░▄▄░█░▀▀ ░░▀█▌░░░▄░▀█▀░▀ ░░░░░░░░░▄▄▐▌▄▄░░░░░░░░░░▀███▀█░▄░░ THIS IS BOB, COPY AND PASTE HIM TO TAKE░░░░░░▐▌▀▄▀▄▀▐▄░░ OVER STEAM!!!!░░░░░░▐▀░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▐▌░░░░░░░░░█but this is a geat game buy it"
76561198089501511,Recommended,212480,13822860,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,KevinFM21,make your friends turn into enemies just playing with them in your house or online
76561197990418798,Recommended,212480,13991223,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,[IDST] DarkSplinter82,"If you like Mario Kart and Diddy Kong racing this is the right game for you. Actually surprised that all sp content does take a bit to get through, Vehicles, weapons, and characters are great fun. I actually lean more to likeing this over alot of the Mario Karts out there. The courses are great and wild with 16 in game."
,Recommended,212480,13856288,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Prince,wish there were more racing games like this
,Recommended,212480,14089139,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,mrwonking,Great game! reminds me of Diddy Kong Racing in N64 and has great and fun maps and gameplay.
,Recommended,212480,13983452,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Snake.uK,"I use to love the old classic Sonic on the Sega Megadrive and i found alot of the Sonic's they released in 3D were totally rubbish but i thought since Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed was on weekly special at a good price why not give it a go.And i must admit i really do love the game , its not the hardest game in the world but the tracks and the mid race change from kart to plane to boat was a great little feature.The only downside is that this game would be so much more fun with a controller but non the less its still playable on a keyboard with no issues.Great game well worth the money for a little bit of light hearted fun simular to Mario Kart."
,Recommended,212480,13963814,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,¤MªdHªzª®Ð¤,"If you like Mario Kart get it! Tons of fun, more than enough maps and racers,  and very well done. Use a controller!"
,Recommended,212480,13945760,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,CWKnight,"This game is basically Mario Kart but on the PC, so, you'll know based on that sentence whether you want to buy this or not. It's super well done, is a great multiplayer game. I like unlocking things for the characters; it's reminiscent of Episode 1 Pod Racer in that respect. This game is worth having if you like this style of game."
,Recommended,212480,13930183,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Rodrows,"This game is what Mario Kart sould aspire to beYou pick from a list of 26 characters on PC (some of them are DLC, both free and paid) from several sega franchises and go racing in a myriad of locations from said franchises. In most if not all the races the track takes you through land, air and sea and your vehicle morphs into something more adequate for the terrain. In addition to all this madness the tracks are littered with power-ups that work mostly like their counterparts from Mario Kart (no blue shell equivalent though) so that all drivers can battle each other on the way to victory. Characters can level up from racing, and by leveling them you can unlock mods that change the way the car is set up (more acceleration, top speed, drifting, handling, turbo, etc)But this wouldn't be a proper Sonic game if you couldn't go fast. And oh boy, can you go fast. There's a boost mechanic in this game that can make it ridiculously deep if you put some effort into it, which consist of being able to stack boosts from any possible source (boost pads, boost power-ups, stunts, drifting, etc) up to 7 (yes, SEVEN) times, and this leads into doing absolutely crazy lines through each lap to keep the boost level as high as possible. In addition to all the terrain switching and attacks from the other drivers, there are no rest possible during some races. And even if you prefer racing by yourself, if you are curious about what you need to do to crack some records at Time Attack, go to YouTube and search for a World Record lap time. Madness.The game has several modes for both single player and multiplayer. In SP you have a ""story"" mode that has you progressing through several stages with many challenge races each where you unlock stickers, courses, characters and car mods with starts from each race. There are 4 difficulty levels, and to beat the top ones you will *need* to master the turbo mechanic (and have some luck of course, the AI is relentless). Don't think of this as an easy child's game because even experts will have trouble with getting all the stars. if you want some time off there's also Grand Prix, Quick Race and Time Attack modes. The multiplayer has Grand Prix, Quick Race and Battle Mode with both online and offline splitscreen variations. Good stuff.The music in this game is pretty good, each track theme is a known arrangement from the original game and for the most part they're catchy enough without distracting from the race (the Golden Axe track theme is playing in my head as I type this). There's also an announcer/narrator voice that works really well and sounds really intense.The graphics are absolutely fantastic, with vibrant colors and spectacular effects that really make the tracks come to life. Water physics look great in this game, and the courses with long boat sections benefit greatly. Plus it doesn't take a too powerful computer to have the game running at 60fps.Overall, a fantastic racing game, a fantastic sonic game and a must have for everybody."
,Recommended,212480,14043196,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,IdahoJudd,"It's not quite on par with Mario Kart, but it's dang close! A fun PC port with local/splitscreen multiplayer that's a great way to spend an afternoon on the couch with friends. The DLC with Metal Sonic, Ryo from Shenmue, and an Outrun track are worth getting if you can catch them on sale!"
,Recommended,212480,14045191,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,hayk1,"This game is absolutely breath-taking!!! Very mario-kartish but, in a very fun way! Also, fun with friends and family!RECOMMENDATION USE A CONTROLLER BECAUSE, THIS NEEDS IT!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,212480,14045428,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,BlaNeMistID,"Awesome racing game ever i play, cuz i like tf2 characters for playing racing game. thanks sega."
76561198167726799,Recommended,212480,14035406,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,aarontuckwood1982,Absolute Gem for the price (On offer) just like mario kart type clone but loads better.
76561197962800579,Recommended,212480,14037082,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,CAPA,Do you like playing Mario Kart but sometimes feel like the karts there are a bit slow?Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed eliminates this feeling and adds more speed with A LOT OF BOOST!
,Recommended,212480,14038439,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,HappyKilmore7,"I played this game and it's prequel on my PS3 and loved them to bits and this was after much restisance and writing the franchaise off as a poor man's Mario Kart. So when I saw it on sale on Steam I had to grab it. I was astonished at how the graphics were even better and kept noticing lots of new details going on in the periphery but what I enjoyed most were the exclusive-to-PC characters... Team Fortress, Football Manager, some anicient Roman soldier dude that must be from Rise?This is a love letter to gamers. Not only is it addictive and great fun to play, has a huuuge number of races and challenges and at times is frustratingly difficult to beat but rarely do you get a game that has so much love and care poured into it. I still miss Billy Hatcher from the first game though.I bought all the add ons (also on sale) because I love all the Out Run nostalgia (the Out Run arcade cabinet as a kart is a stroke of genius). You should buy the Yogscast kart too, proceeds go to the gamer charity).I long for a Sonic All Star Racing Transformed 2 (pauses to get breath back)  with twice as many characters or maybe they could go the Street Fighter route and release an Ultra with every character from every version of the game and a few new ones."
76561198012182889,Recommended,212480,14079311,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,kmdesigns,"Sonic and the gang don't fail to disappoint in this high speed kart game. I've always been a big fan of the genre, anything battle and racing I'm in for. The price tag on this game is way worth it. Controller support is great, and the graphics don't fail even on my crappy pc. The easy levels are easy, the hard levels are hard. They really went with a wide array of characters, but I always come back to that dreamy hedgehog Sonic. All the Classic Sonic line-up is there along with Sega's All-Stars and a few randoms like Wreck-Em Ralph and Danica Patrick. This a great game all around, get your drift on!"
,Recommended,212480,14079858,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Legacy | Huz,Definetly worth my money 9/10
76561198009827766,Recommended,212480,14080775,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Elberg,"I was going to buy a wii u to play mario kart 8Then I played this, it looks better I run it at 1440P plays almost exactly the same and cost me $20!This game is great, good multiplayer matchmaking allways someone to race!"
,Recommended,212480,12951783,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Allveen,"fantastic game, 4 players multiplayer looks awesome too!"
76561198007858484,Recommended,212480,12945738,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,toolguy1420,Pretty good racing game. A sega version of diddy kong racing and mario cart.
,Recommended,212480,12966216,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,KillsForCookies,Freaking fun allot like mario cart but so much better :D
,Recommended,212480,4982819,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,HP Deskjet,THE STEAM FANFICTION PENNED AS A FASHIONABLE UTTER WASTE OF TIME. EVERONE WANTS TO ♥♥♥♥ THE FOOTBALL MANAGER WHICH OBFUSCATES THE NOVEL FUNTASTICALLY FLUID RACING GAMECHANICS. PARKING MY CAR NEAR THIS ANTHROPOMORPHIC MEXICAN BUILDING UNTIL THE SHOWS OVER. -10/-10
,Recommended,212480,7598094,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,Nai,"For those of you who have been skeptical of Sonic the Hedgehog in the last few years, you can comfortably skip all but two games.   Sonic Generations, and Sonic All-Stars Racing Transformed.   Sonic All-Starts Racing Transformed brings cart racing to the PC in a fantastic way, and better than its predecessors.  You may not love the characters, but Sonic All-Stars Transformed is a top performer in its league.  Each racer has their own base attributes, which you can then modify.  It has a rewarding drift system, challenge modes with tons of unlocks, a generous number of characters, powerups, and tracks, and an AMAZING online mode.  I personally believe that it's worth picking up ASAP if you're a Mario Kart or Diddy Kong Racing fan.  You will be VERY pleasantly surprised.   I do highly recommend a controller with it, however, since it's a bit more comfortable with drifting."
,Recommended,212480,7813882,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Theswweet,"I'm going to cut to the chase; if you like arcade racing games, or kart racers, or really ANY type of game semi-similar to Mario Kart, you will love this. Sumo Digital has crafted the best racing game in years. The tracks are crazy fun, and generally varied. The racers all tend to have their own feel to them, while also being customizable to an extent; and the controls are top-notch. This game, on it's hardest difficult, can reach speeds rivaling that of Fzero GX, while also maintaing that crazy arcade racing feeling... AI doesn't tend to rubber band nearly as much as in other games, and overall, the difficulty is balanced.It definitely shows, that Sumo hired some of the talent from the now defunct studios that made blur and Split/Second; and they deserve all the support that they can get."
,Recommended,212480,2171313,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Hatty :],Mario Kart is beaten. My girlfriend won't stop playing it.. :( :D
,Recommended,212480,1861672,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Denilson Sá,"Pure arcade racing experience, with gorgeous visuals and many familiar characters and environments. A very enjoyable game. Also, the game loads very fast, the loading screen does not stay for more than a couple of seconds."
,Recommended,212480,7809337,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Snake Constellation,This is basically the best Mario Kart game
,Recommended,212480,1534457,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Rivent,"Unquestionably the greatest racing game of all time. Huge varied cast of characters from Sega history that can be moded towards how you want their stats after being leveled up. 20 stages that feel alive and active by changing every lap in some way which usually optimises the three vehicle types that all play differently. Drift and stunt mechanics are encouraged by rewarding the player with boosts though it also works as a great way to avoid the many entertaining weapons. S rank difficulty for Grand Prix, Career and Time Trial which is monstrously challenging yet incredibly satisfying. Usually with multiplatform titles the PC gets the short straw but not only does everything work flawlessly with beautiful visuals, we get three exclusive characters. I honestly can't even nitpick, the only way this series can get any better is by doing a Double Dash."
,Recommended,212480,29192,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,HolyMarcellus,"There has been quite a while since I have played a fun kart racer. After so many Mario Karts and SSDD as well as other Mario Kart clones I was about finished on them. I saw reviews for this game and saw it was well recieved and said ""What the hell I'll check it out"" and I am damn glad I did. Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is a rocking fun kart racer that I recommend to everyone. Yes its for kids but its challenging fun and F-ing fast as hell. Highly Recommend it. Rating 9/10!BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥♥!"
76561198009751090,Recommended,212480,2594511,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,colosio,this game is great better that mariocart is hard to belived nobody plays anymoreeste juego es genial mejor que mario cart graficas de pocamadre pero es una pena que ya nadie lo juega online
,Recommended,212480,7819509,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,bob vila,this game is actually legitimately good
,Recommended,212480,1811402,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"I'll first say I am NOT a huge Sega fan (Sonic Adventure 2 on the GC was my last purchase) so I went pretty blind on this buy.This game is pure fun, If you even remotely like kart racers such as Crash or Mario kart, this is a must buy. I would even consider it passing double dash for me.While I cant recognize all the cast, the sheer size is pretty big and varied (3 PC exclusive characters also). Mods that can be equipped to racers also makes anyone viable to any race/challenge. And oh man the challenges, it isnt F zero GX hard but man this game doesn't hold back of the difficulty in the career mode for opening up characters and mods.While Matchmaking at the moment is sort of iffy, the Devs have been complete bros and responded regularly on steam forums and show concern, patches, and future characters.If you are afraid the community will die out and the game will be useless, dont be, the single player is more than enough to warrant a purchase unlike other kart racing games.Buy this♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,212480,7820442,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,<TVB>altabiscuit,"Don't let the Sonic name fool you, this is the best kart racer available on Steam.  It's comparable to Mario Kart in a lot of ways, even down to the cheating AI, but the game rewards skill a little more than Mario Kart does.While I haven't seen a kart racer top Mario Kart Double Dash yet, this is about as close we have on Steam at the moment."
76561198008035152,Recommended,212480,13245692,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,philoni,Pretty fun
,Recommended,212480,13375948,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Terror™,love it
,Recommended,212480,13381330,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,sonicryan9,"Awesome game! Great racing game! If you like mario kart, GET THIS GAME!"
76561198051433632,Recommended,212480,13399219,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Albert,"hahah, fun!"
76561198030808549,Recommended,212480,13491864,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,raptormh,"A very worthy Mario Kart clone, this game can absolutely satisfy your split-screen cart racing itch."
76561197972241495,Recommended,212480,13492484,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,erul,Mario Kart equivalent for Windows. 10/10
,Recommended,212480,13287781,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,GoluckyPhoenix3,Sega is the king of PC Kart Racers.
,Recommended,212480,14168297,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,aok,Funny gameplay and superb SEGA WORLD charachters.! Also you'll love the level designs and competition on the race!
76561198048447554,Recommended,212480,8769218,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Definitely Not Panda,"In my opinion much better than the Mario Racing games.They put in different modes like drifting, speed races, ring races and more in which you actually have to master to unlock characters which makes the game challenging and fun. The racing tracks change it´s form so that you have to master all 3 vehicles to finish all track on S class."
,Recommended,212480,14137800,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Ocular Patdown,"Don't let the title throw you off, this is a fantastic game. Dynamic maps, great fun with friends, and very creative elements. Definitely pick this up if it's ever on sale again."
76561198138888318,Recommended,212480,14197740,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,darkool,great game the multiplayer f*cking awesome!
,Recommended,212480,14151926,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Cat J,"Gotta go fast!Mario Kart might be 60 fps, But this game can go up to 120 fps!"
76561198054662567,Recommended,212480,8356687,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,005teve,Steam's Mario Kart complete with local multiplayer
76561198037774804,Recommended,212480,8346703,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pyjong,"worth every freakin €cent, mario kart is♥♥♥♥♥♥in comparison with this"
,Recommended,212480,8349832,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Synnek_,"This is the single greatest arcade racer I have EVER played. Good enough to dethrone King Mariokart. It's unique twist on the classic formulas and the amazing tracks set this game far above the rest. For once in my life, I can say SEGA did a fantastic job."
,Recommended,212480,8350197,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Superant91,"Much Fun, Such speed, Many transformation, Seriously good."
,Recommended,212480,7350244,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Curtisey,"peep game son, sonic was tired of wearin out his kicks so he copped some marty mcfly whip♥♥♥♥♥♥that can turn into a boat. ill♥♥♥♥♥♥b. mario prolly smokin a sausage on some ""ayo, dis blue ♥♥♥♥♥ bit my whole steez son"" type♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,212480,8266870,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,VanessaNaire,"Sumo Digital knows how to make a kart racer, what can I say?"
,Recommended,212480,4398558,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,niKopol,Mario Kart with boats and planes minus Mario. Pretty fun.
,Recommended,212480,8269652,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,feurta,"ProsGreat all around presentationMario Kart for the PC with Sonic and his Sega buddiesLevel up racers to unlock different modesChallenging racesLots of different kinds of racesRidiculous amount of tracks and racersConsAt its core, it borrows heavily from Mario Kart (but it adds enough to keep it from being a complete copy)Bottom LineIf you like racing and/or Sega and/or fun, then you should get this. This does more than what Mario Kart does but it doesn't do what Mario Kart does better (hopefully I'm the only confused by what I just typed). Drive, fly, and boat your way to victory. The tracks change as you finish laps and that last lap might be completely different from the first two. Use weapons on opponents, race the clock, battle in arenas, or do all that online against other human players. This game is loaded with features.GET IT"
,Recommended,212480,8269059,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Opoks,"it Greatly improves almost every aspect of the original  all-stars racing, the tracks really fun (ok most of them the one base on burring rangers is kinda a closter f..k), the remix music is simply amazing also it has the  BEST EXCLUSIVE CHARATER EVER! : FOOTBALL MANAGER. the only complain i have  is that some characters arent playble form sega's franchises like for example Ristar, Vector man, Kazuma Kiryu from the yakuza serier, Gunter and Alicia From Valkyria Chronicles. Also it anoys me to end that they decited to drop the name Sega all stars racing to just all stars racing but that just me nitpicking"
,Recommended,212480,8257468,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Gref,Closest thing to Mario Kart on the PC outside of emulation.
,Recommended,212480,8257660,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Squirtle,"Sonic and all star racing is a really fun casual ""mario-cart"" type game. Race or arena against AI and players. Up to 4 local co-op on 1 computer. I use my xbox controllers and it works perfect!"
,Recommended,212480,8383598,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,<TF 910> Mike,"This is NOT, by any means, a Mario Kart clone. Saying that is like saying CoD is a Doom clone.Choosing a character isn't as simple as just picking someone you like: each vehicle handles differently, and even then, each character has 3 of them: car, plane, and boat. And you WILL use all three on some races, as the tracks change mid-race (things like new paths opening, events off-track that affect the track itself, etc). Also, each vehicle can be customized to different playstyles (customizations available by leveling up characters or by unlocking them during Career mode), to aid in certain types of races. Besides the standard 10-car races, you have Boost Challenges, VS Races, Timed Events, and others.The only issue I have with it is the difficulty. Playing on easy or normal is very forgiving: enemies rarely throw anything at you and just race normally. Go up to Hard, however, and suddenly they become much more aggressive, to the point where it becomes genuinely tough to win some races, frustrating even. And for those of you thinking you can just play on normal: you can't unlock all characters, customizations, and events on Career mode without doing some events on Hard. The different difficulty setting gives you different amounts of stars (1 for Easy, 2 for Normal, so on), and by the end game you will require several of them to unlock everything. Keep that in mind."
,Recommended,212480,8387118,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LiquidMercury8,this is a pretty fun game that is simmilar to mario kart. it does support controllers but i personally like the keyboard controls. it has fun gameplay and isn't too difficult. it is one of the best games to play with friends. over all worth the purchase.
,Recommended,212480,1005562,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Mitchacho,"If you love mascot racing like Mario Kart or Diddy Kong Racing, this is your perfect steam solution. The levels are colorful and much more interesting than any I've seen before. There are lots of levels, characters, car mods, and events to unlock. Before you play, make sure you check out one of the starting guides as it will tell you about all the different items and ways to boost. Definitely need a controller for this."
,Recommended,212480,8388321,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,NegroISO,Probably the best split screen game around. Was excellent to hook up to a large television or projector and play with friends at a party with two Xbox 360 controllers. Overall a great game and a wonderful way to waste away any free time you might have.
,Recommended,212480,6838728,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,NickyNugs,"Not as goofy and crazy as the fan-favorite Mario Kart but is still tons of fun. The tracks are colorful and interesting, the vehicle transitions are done extremely well and the cast of characters and their unique cars, boats, and planes look beautiful."
76561197960269582,Recommended,212480,8407664,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Slimebow,"If you liked mario cart, you'll like this game with sega cast and extras."
76561197992679581,Recommended,212480,8410571,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,beardos,"Absolutely BRILLIANT! As good as Mario Kart but harder to master! A Must buy, five star"
,Recommended,212480,6543871,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Santa Soldier,"Great if you want a challenging, but fun racing game."
76561198115499664,Recommended,212480,8389912,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SupaLemonPledge,This game is awesome. Like a mix of Mario Kart and Hydro Thunder. Highly recommended.
76561198020578583,Recommended,212480,8403732,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dampfkraft,"Very addicting indeed, great fun in booth single- and multiplayer, graphics are decent, but way above average for this genre. However, one could wish for a greater item variety and more creative gamemodes (ie. ""Turbo"" is plain boring)Notice that although this game supports gamepads, it interpretes them all as xb 360 controllers. But you still can use x360ce to remap the keybinds, though this does not work for the menus."
,Recommended,212480,8342146,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Aeva,"gotta go fastIf you like Mario Kart and the Sega Universe, then this is for you. Otherwise, try it out at your own risk."
,Recommended,212480,8342842,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TribbleTroublez,"If Mario isn't your cup of tea when it comes to racing, I definitely recommend giving this a shot!"
,Recommended,212480,71398,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Mouse,A really fun game that you can just pick up and play. In the absence of Mario Kart: buy this. :)
,Recommended,212480,8325579,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hopperj6,Finishes ahead of Mario Kart every time!
,Recommended,212480,8305031,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Ultima6,"Quite difficult, but contains some great throwbacks."
,Recommended,212480,8282343,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,soaring_wings,"It's a lot of fun, especially in multiplayer. Single player also has a lot of neat modes and I definitely enjoyed it. The flying segments are a mix bag for me. They add a bit of variety but the controls aren't as tight as with the driving and water segments. Very nice fan service for Sega fans too. Recommended~"
,Recommended,212480,4766730,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Duskyui,You can do frontflips with a tank. 10/10
,Recommended,212480,201075,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,Weeabill,One of the best Kart Racers of all time. Everyone should get this. The next Mario Kart will have a hard time competing and the PC port is awesome with many exclusive characters.
,Recommended,212480,8216492,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,UricTheOddball,"Easy to pick up and play. If you've played a Mario Kart before, you can play this."
,Recommended,212480,1670045,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,runtch,a cart racing game thats less ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t than mario kart. most important thing to note is that you go fast
76561198004529324,Recommended,212480,8241103,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,DontCryMustDie,A really fun game for playing. Especially on multiplayer.
76561198057305160,Recommended,212480,8207421,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Horny Gremlin,"One of the best racing games I've ever played. Its faster than mario kart, alright the characters are a bit lame but the multiplayer is awesome still has a fair sized fan base too."
,Recommended,212480,1335514,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Xideo,"Great game, challenging Ai, fun for anyone that likes kart racing."
,Recommended,212480,4909752,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Ishwar,"At first I was skeptical about this game...But before long I was all ""Long Shot! Double flip! All-Star!"" about it."
,Recommended,212480,823812,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Grad3x,"Don't be fooled by the silly name! This is a super fun arcade-style racing game with a LOT of content and gameplay variety. It's pretty challenging if you play on hard setting, and the controls with the whole feel of the game are just spot on! (It's better to play with a controller, but also fun on keyboard after some practice)I'm really glad I got this, and could only recommend it to everyone! Cheers!"
,Recommended,212480,805959,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,[Crocodile],Should have been called. Hedgehog Drifting: The Game. If You like Kart Racers check it out! Solid buy.
,Recommended,212480,4337352,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,BreakinAnt,"Best Mario Kart clone out there, with awesome soundtrack and a bunch of racers (but who cares, i'm only playing as Sonic anyway) and a ton of maps. Best fun i ever had this year. Worth it every penny.Btw, the multiplayer in this game is so ♥♥♥♥in broked, if you game doesn't crash he'll lost conection with the server."
,Recommended,212480,455653,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Glass Eye,One of the best racing games I have played.  It is also multiplayer.  Easy keyboard controls as well.  Worth a pickup.
,Recommended,212480,7977876,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,mrstevens_,Love this game
,Recommended,212480,7977942,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Tactical Toast,Incredible. 10/10
,Recommended,212480,7977961,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Homp,Seriously guys.  This game blows Mario Kart out of the water.  I told myself I'd beat Max Payne 3 today and have done little else besides play this.
,Recommended,212480,7978251,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,cole,Best game in the world
76561197962586018,Recommended,212480,7978425,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,GRIMSON,"If I were to buy a fun racing title for the PC, this would be the one. In fact, this will be my next racing purchase. Fun for all ages."
,Recommended,212480,7978702,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,MilkyMushrooms,"its an amazing game, graphics are pretty good. i like how its different with each character and that you can evel them up.overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,4350705,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,Metal,"Sonic and All Stars Racing Transformed had me at a crossroad, I already owned a Mario Kart type racing game, but this peaked my interest.  On the one hand, it was Sonic and the rest, and spin off racing games that stem from the simple quest of 'It's like Mario Kart' wouldn't normally keep me curious, this did.  Three different modes for the vehicals?  And thus my purchase of Sonic and All-Stars Racing Transformed began.  From the get go I was pleasently surprised, the vehicals felt different in each mode.  Boats felt like boats, cars felt like cars, planes felt like planes...pretty obvious there I suppose.  But the tracks themselves are pretty brilliant.Now for the online mode, prepare for some pretty hard competition.  While you may just be learning, you can be put against those that have been at it since the games release.  Not to say that's a bad thing, but it can make you feel pretty outclassed, heck, I was happy enough when I hit a second place.  But it was still fun.  Could I recommend this game to others, oh most definitely.  The racing is solid, the unlockable mods let you customize those characters whom you feel most at home with to play just the way you want.  But be warned, you may wanna level up a few characters, as there's no telling if the character you've worked hard on will be taken."
,Recommended,212480,7978862,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,ZWizzy,"Great game, its like mario Kart!It does have an issue with certain computer builds though so becareful about that. Its not at all unplayable but that can be very annoying at times."
,Recommended,212480,7978962,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,GTOniz,This is all good on the game but one fact i have to disagree is the difficulty.  Easy and Medium seems to match together but once you get to Gold or Extreme the AI seems to not be affected by any sort of items even if you shoot them. Plus they should be able to reduce their speed once they are hit or dropped out of the map ( in which case it doesn't decrease so it makes the game harder). I understand tat the game is short so they wanted to be hard but this is way over hard to a point where i am losing my intrest in this game. Try to adjust the character AI's on the Hard and Extreme and i would fully recommand this game.
,Recommended,212480,7979087,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DragonsGaming,This is a GREAT game to play with friends.
,Recommended,212480,2115239,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,37 Saltines,More fun than anyone could be expected to think. Mario Kart who?
,Recommended,212480,7979517,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Kezef,"If you like Cart racing games, this is one of the better ones I have played.  It's insane, fast, and will test your racing skills.  If you're a Sega fan, you'll enjoy the collection of characters and levels.  The music from the selected games(whether it be characters or the levels themselves) is in here, as well!  Kicking♥♥♥♥♥on the Golden Axe level, with that badass level music blaring....it just doesn't get any better than that!"
,Recommended,212480,7979544,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Steemm...Food,it's aiiiiiiiiiiiiiiiighht
,Recommended,212480,7979642,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fusions,"I absolutely love this game, i have had it two days and have spent about 7 hours on it. Can't wait to play more PLEASE GET THIS <3"
,Recommended,212480,2752793,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Mormon Freeman,Best Kart Racer to grace your decent lives.
,Recommended,212480,7979643,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Jabbernaut,"Best kart racer I've played in a long time, easily the best on PC. Most weapons are skillshot-based, and even the lock-on weapons are avoidable by either a well-timed boost juke or the glove powerup. The boost system is risk-reward, so victory is mostly skill-based.Game is visually stunning, has a quite diverse cast of characters (Abeit mostly poorly voiced), has a lot of content out of the box (20 tracks, lots of characters and game modes), features fantastic online multiplayer modes, and has a great overall level of polish. Highly recommend."
76561197974048807,Recommended,212480,7979892,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,General Maximus,"It's Mario Kart, but with Sega characters and more importantly you can play it on a PC. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,212480,7980241,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,azdavidza,"This game is one of the most fun kart racing games I have played. The boosting/drifting mechanism is pretty deep and allows for a good difficulty curve and some fun gameplay. It is far more innovative than mario kart, with each lap on some maps changing (eg 1st lap is driving, 2nd lap is boating, last lap is flying). The one drawback compared to mario kart is less familiar characters. However, if you've played any of sega's cataloge, you probably know most of them.The only gripe I have against this game is that to change any setting, including seemingly simple ones like keybindings, you need to quit the game and use the external configuration utility."
,Recommended,212480,7341504,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Wysiwyg,"I grew up playing Mario Kart & CTR (Crash Team Racing). Your ride has the ability to ""TRANSFORM"" to test your racing skills in either water or air, it is basically an AIO game! This is a game where you can invite your friends over for a split-screen or play it online to test your racing skills. If you were a fan of those games, and I'm saying this with full confidence, you are going to LOVE Sonic All-Stars Racing:Transformed."
13003051463267025,Recommended,212480,7980726,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,I Frostyy (WEED),I LIKE IT
,Recommended,212480,11814812,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Luboo221,"Grab some Sega Characters (A few others from TF2 and Disney here and there) Grab the good stuff about Mario Kart, design some pretty nice levels, mix that♥♥♥♥♥♥up in your big pot of whatever Sega makes and what do you get? Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed. Not too bad....not too good. I'll play it here and there.7.9/10"
,Recommended,212480,2015533,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Major Tom,"This game is actually a lot of fun! Runs really well too. Lots of tracks, really smooth steering, unlockable stuff, awesome character selection (though a little disappointed that they didn't use actual voice actors for TF2 characters or John C Reilly for WIR) and some pretty amazing artwork."
,Recommended,212480,7968566,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Sonic Mobian,"Not good at making reviews but will do what I can.Really fun and challanging at higher diffculty and being able to play your favorite character. All the tracks are fun and changes depending on the track you choosen on the third lap.But it's a really overall fun game if you like racing.Update: What I like to see are more DLCs (More Tracks) It dose get stale over time with the same ones over and over. I like to see more made, If it's not possible wish they had made the game as modifiable as Sonic Generations. For some mods."
76561197970628459,Recommended,212480,439436,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Gunsmith,"Mind bendingly awesome, I came for the nostalgia value of racing around tracks based on the games of ye olden dasy; afterburner, golden axe, shinobie etc.  I ended  up staying for the challenge and gameplay mechanics.a deffo contender for my GOTY 2013"
,Recommended,212480,11976015,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Locura,Extremely fun game.The career mode grants hours of content and the online community its pretty active.8/10
,Recommended,212480,11894199,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,izvipi,GOTTA GO FAST
,Recommended,212480,11942725,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Joshtrip1,Better than Mario Kart in my opinion. It's Worth it.
,Recommended,212480,10754432,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[HanC] DukeToma,This is an amazing kart racing game.  Excellent variety of levels and racers from classic Sega games.  The added element of being able to fly and race on water for portions of the maps is extremely fun.  I highly recommend this to anyone who's ever liked a kart racing game.
76561198003613809,Recommended,212480,10755137,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,stubbz,it's mario cart but sega and on the computer...buy it
76561198140685404,Recommended,212480,10755430,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Crowy,"It's a funny game, good for when you want a challenge against your friends, or simply got nothing to do!"
,Recommended,212480,945118,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Fasih,Probably one of the best racing games ever!!
,Recommended,212480,10779528,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,offender,"This game is pure fun... completely surreal physics, handling, drift mechanics. Characters are not well-balanced imo. Looks pretty gorgeous. Works great with PS4 controller."
76561198024924019,Recommended,212480,10782250,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Allen Wrench,Fantastic racing game. Great course design and character balance.
,Recommended,212480,6458713,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Grapey,moar plz
,Recommended,212480,2456658,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,necronomitr0n,The only word that can be used to describe this game is Lush. All other words are incorrect.
,Recommended,212480,10885289,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,rokku,"This game might be the best kart racer you can get on the PC! Fast and fun, transforming vehicles are a really nice feature that give much needed variety for pure car racing. Looks good and plays smoothly. Most of your favourite Sega characters are playable. This game also has a surprisingly good single player mode for a kart racing game, and then there are the multiplayer modes of course."
,Recommended,212480,10887005,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Poorard Feelbad,"Really fun to play with friends.  Flying using the keyboard is tough, use a controller."
76561197977851422,Recommended,212480,10746271,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ITCHYisVegeta,"With the exception of Mario Kart on the Wii, this is the best racing game I have ever played... EVER!!!It does enough to stand out on it's own, while still sticking to the Mario Kart formula, and does it all very well.In a nutshell, this game is a combination of Mario Kart, Hydro Thunder/Wave Race, and F-Zero/Wipeout, with a little bit of a Sega like arcade feel to it.If you don't own a Wii U and need your new Mario Kart fix, pick this up, tell your friends, and have them get it too.  A blast to play online."
76561197972409186,Recommended,212480,10746494,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sternn,Fun.
,Recommended,212480,10747464,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Blunt,"BUY BUY BUY! Give this game a chance, you might love it!"
,Recommended,212480,10748123,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,† MadmaX † ®,Highly entertaining game.Great to be played with friends!
,Recommended,212480,10748136,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JWGK,Fantasticly fun arcade racer and on sale now!
,Recommended,212480,2516175,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,KeYeR,Really great arcade racer.  I believe it is even better than legendary LEGO Racer (which I've concidered best arcade racer till now). Try it for fun - not simulation of any sort ;) Dynamic play in many ways : your car transforms to boat or plane depending on the race part; levels  change every lap; many choices to make; cool powerups. Really nice graphics and different level themes :)
,Recommended,212480,8439127,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Windows 95,"A modern day mario cart, but better!"
76561198044675564,Recommended,212480,8581669,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,ElementaL,Great game.. Nice graphics.. Worth the price!
76561198032595449,Recommended,212480,8584675,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,futuresimon,"if you want to play a game that will glue you to your seat for ~10 hours play this. Very, very fun."
,Recommended,212480,8466255,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Urameshiimaru,"Fun game, similar to mario Kart but the transofrmations gives it a really neat twist, lots of characters and courses."
76561197996955509,Recommended,212480,1721574,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,WebCideR,"Best kart racer, you can get for money to PC, so much fun so beautiful and extremely satisfying."
76561198082185766,Recommended,212480,8467534,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tekki,"This game has solid mechanics and humorous characters (especially the PC exclusives). While on the topic of mechanics there's a minor underflow glitch that sometimes occurs if you go through the XP gained screen too quickly. It is far from game breaking and considering the fast leveling, this shouldn't be too much of a hassle. The items are fun to use, and they're well balanced. The only people I wouldn't reccomend this game to are for people who find Mario Kart Rage-Quittingly difficult, as while the game respects your abilities, the difficulty (even on easy) can be an order of magnitude or two more difficult than Mario Kart. But, especially if you know how to drift, the game is do-able by anyone adept at arcade racers. Even if you are not a Sonic fan (which I am definately not), this is a game with awesome and solid gameplay (which is saying a lot for 3D sonic.) Definately worth the $9.99 sale price. Lastly, the vehicle transformation is fun, challenging, and inviting."
76561198047254003,Recommended,212480,8469690,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,fugg,I wasn't expecting much when i played this game over the free weekend but during that time i really got into it. it is the most fun racing game i've played in a while.
,Recommended,212480,2002395,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,Cirno Whiterock,"This is the best mascot racing game since the days of the Nintendo 64.The gameplay is fast and frantic, especially online, with the vehicle transformations always keeping you on your toes. The tracks are constantly transforming as well with only a few tracks making you do the same circle for three laps, The musical remixes will hit you with some nostalga bombs if your a sonic/sega fan, and the items are both fun to use but still balanced with no instant '♥♥♥♥ you' like Mario Kart's Blue Shell.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,8473073,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Machitaru,"I serverly underestimated this game. It's one of the best racing games i've played in a long time. It doesn't have any blue turtles shells, in fact the items are very well balanced in this game. Tracks are well designed and the gameplay is top notch. To top it all off its got a great group of characters including some of my favorites: Tails, Wreck-it Ralph and the Pyro, Spy and Heavy from Team Fortress 2. For it's price it has loads of content and is well worth the money, the completionist in me is very happy."
,Recommended,212480,8413716,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hey!  I'm walkin' here!,Every achievement I have for this game was actually done by my 4 year old kid.
,Recommended,212480,8415312,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,thebigbird1979,great fun with the classic sega style we all love and enjoy
,Recommended,212480,8456645,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cowie,"Game of the year, every year. 11/10. Better than Mario Kart in every way."
76561198057474322,Recommended,212480,8458677,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Žiga,this game is OP
,Recommended,212480,8459931,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Slayer Veryan,"Game is super fun and has lots of enoyable online play with freinds, i think this is better then mario cart"
76561197984129086,Recommended,212480,8509274,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Incognito2me,"Very linear racer (but aren't they all?). Still, the feeling of speed is done well and the cars are colourful and varied."
76561198040595940,Recommended,212480,8572063,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,LouiseChan,<3 good game
,Recommended,212480,8683204,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,CS can suck my ass,"Take mariocart and make it 10x better by adding planes, boats, better maps, better modes and better characters."
,Recommended,212480,8601616,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,neko :3,"One of the most entertaining racing games you'll ever find, not only because you will play with a lot of characters from various games as drivers with very fascinating vehicles (earth, water, and air), but you will race on extremely detailed maps, some unbelievable and some extremely realistic.The scenarios are very large, and they change after every lap, so you will need to complete them at least two times to see each of them enterely. But don't get too distracted or you will not finish in first place!A racing game is not really a racing game without power-ups! Fortunately Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed includes them! You have a variety of power-ups to use, from ones that will grant us the capability to both slow down and annoy our enemies or just boost ourselves to the finish line.This game has everything to please both your speed and fun needs so give it a try!"
,Recommended,212480,6542492,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,SparkleRach,racing yeah yeah :Dits a fun racing game with well know characters it is even challenging :)
,Recommended,212480,8707993,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,CR4YCR4Y,Super Sonic Kart Optimus Prime Edition has pretty much everything you could ask for in a kart racer. It's fast enough to make Mario Kart look like turtle racing. The weapons are unique and specially tailored for just how fast everything is. The Transformation is meaningful and changes how your vehicle handles significantly. The only homing weapons in the game can be evaded by a well timed drift boost. Drift boosts can be done in planes. The tracks are all well designed (sans the burning rangers one) and fun to play time and time again.Every time I play this game I leave feeling like I should suck Yuji Naka's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't care if he works for Prope now.
76561198022423767,Recommended,212480,8710020,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ScaryGhost,"One of the best kart racing games I have ever played. It is very colorful and has a fantastic art stye. The AI is excellent and never feels cheap. Also, it does not have the rubberband AI that many arcade racing games have, which is a huge plus. If you were ever a fan of Mario Kart, I cannot recommend it enough."
,Recommended,212480,2720564,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Fdruid,"Awesome kart-style racing game, very well done. Great playability, characters, levels, everything is top notch. Especially good for playing with friends or online :)"
,Recommended,212480,8656344,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,The Swan,"A perfect game to play with your mom, a terrible game to play with your friends."
,Recommended,212480,8102756,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Leite,It's a very fun game
76561197997385332,Recommended,212480,1748607,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Sneaky Rabbit,Nice little coffee break game.  Of course some coffee breaks do rage way out of control!
,Recommended,212480,8493242,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Arby's Witch,"I've played far too many hours of this game because it is addicting. The soundtrack for the Burning Rangers level alone is worth the buy, especially if it's on a sale. I got my copy as a gift and probably never would have bought it for myself but I'm really glad I have it. One of my favorite racing games hands down."
76561198057842310,Recommended,212480,8497536,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Shadow Wolfslave,just start playing this game and i'm really enjoying it. makes me think i'm playing a better version of mario kart XD
,Recommended,212480,1537755,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,[AoK] Bossgalka,"Really amazing kart racer and it has its own uniqe spin to separate it from being a mario kart clone. It's also the ONLY good kart game on PC. Pretty decent character selection too. It's not Mario Kart(Surprisingly, I think it's actually better), but it's the best kart game you will ever get on PC. Also, ♥♥♥♥ Nintendo."
,Recommended,212480,8490156,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ContainedBiohazard,"Nothing bad to say aboot it. One of the greatest racers i've ever played. When you can't say anything bad, do as the seals do. *Seal claps*"
,Recommended,212480,5973889,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Apfigur,"Thought it looked like a lame Mario Kart-clone at first, but it's actually better than Mario Kart. Addicting."
76561198042859938,Recommended,212480,8557331,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Timmoman,Surprisingly good driving game!
76561197971061865,Recommended,212480,8560716,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,BrokenToy,"I have this game for my 3DS and had to try it out on the PC. So happy I purchased this game for the PC. This is Sega's Mario Kart type game. It has the feel of Mario Kart, with a new world to explore."
76561198089102694,Recommended,212480,8203500,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Juicy Booty (2098-P),"Its not better than the first one but its good enough to play C:I recommend it to people who love racing games alot.It controls well, its music is just unforgetable, iand the enviroment looks fy.However some of the special guest characters such as the Heavy, Pyro, and Spy haavesome ..interesting voice actors for some reason. But its still nice to see themin a Sonic game.8.9/10"
,Recommended,212480,8369383,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Skeletroy,"originally posted onthatruled.com:Sonic & All-Stars Racing: Transformed is a kart racer released in 2012, and is the sequel to Sonic & Sega All-Stars Racing. While the former entry was content being a simple Mario Kart clone (albeit with much better track designs), the latter is not. Playing this game and writing this article were strange and eye-opening experiences, partially because the game makes me feel like I’m betraying my Nintendo roots, playing a Sega game with a PS3 controller on a game I got on Steam…and having more fun than I’ve had in any Mario Kart game.There is a wide array of selectable characters, many of which need to be unlocked. Several current and older Sega series are represented, like the Sonic franchise, Golden Axe, Shinobi, Nights, Alex Kidd, Skies of Arcadia, Super Monkey Ball, Samba de Amigo, Jet Set Radio, and Space Channel 5. There are also a few third-party characters (more if you’re playing the PC version), which is why they dropped “Sega” from the title of this game. These include (but are not limited to) Wreck-It Ralph, a Shogun and Willemus (representing two different games in the Total War series), and strangest of all – Danica Patrick. I normally would resent a choice like this, but the South Park episode where Cartman wanted to be a Nascar driver makes racing against her a lot of fun. Each character has five different stats: speed, acceleration, handling, boost, and all-star. These are each represented by a power level of 1-5 for each stat. You can also level your character up, although the only benefit to this is that it gives you different mods for your racer, changing your stats (the Speed mod raises your speed, as an obvious example).The track designs are amazing, and really evoke the feeling of the games they’re based on. Like with the characters, a large variety of Sega games are represented, including After Burner, Panzer Dragoon, The House of the Dead, Burning Rangers, and Billy Hatcher and the Giant Egg, as well as the ones mentioned in the characters segment. There are 21 tracks in total, 4 of them returning from the previous game. This is where the game really shines.QUICK MARIO KART RANT: Mario Kart tracks are somewhat based on the Mario franchise. Yoshi Circuit is neat, it’s a Yoshi-shaped track, but aside from that it’s not really “Mario-esque”. They’ve been getting somewhat better about making more than just the Ghost House track and Bowser Castle track feel like Mario levels, but then I think about one of my favorite tracks, Waluigi’s Pinball, and despite how as awesome of a level it is, there’s nothing about it at all that screams “this is based on the Super Mario series”.The first All-Star racing game got the track design right the first time, and this time they knocked it out of the park. The deciding factor is the “Transformed” mechanic. If you like Diddy Kong Racing because of the multiple types of selectable vehicles, you’ll probably get a kick out of this, as you turn into different forms throughout the race. For example, the After Burner track has you racing along an aircraft carrier, then flying across an ocean battle zone, with ships firing at each other and aircraft flying overhead. You make your way to another aircraft carrier, turning back into a car, and keep racing like that along the carrier. After leaving that one, you transform into a boat as you race back to the first aircraft carrier, then back into a plane halfway along the ocean…and that happens in each lap. In a lot of the races, they’re designed so that crazy things happen in the second or third lap, completely re-shaping where you can go. This is also an added incentive to be in first place, to be able to see how the tracks are being changed. In the track based on Skies of Arcadia, you’ll be driving along a bridge in the first and second lap, only to see it destroyed in the third lap, transforming you into a plane and making you go in a different direction. And for those of you who weren’t a fan of Mario Kart 7′s underwater and hang gliding segments, know that the car is the slowest vehicle of the three in Sonic Transformed, and finding hidden opportunities to change into a plane or boat can really change the outcome of a race.The last thing I’d like to mention is about the different modes, or really one mode in particular. They give you the standard Grand Prix, Single Race, Battle games, and Time Attack modes, but there’s also a World Tour mode. World Tour is set up similar to Diddy Kong Racing in that you have to win races to get stars to unlock more races/characters/mods, but the visual set up is akin to Super Mario Galaxy 2. You go along the map and select whichever races are available, and there are also a large assortment of race types in this mode. There are normal races, but also Sprint (essentially a Time Attack race against a ghost), Boost Challenges and Drift Challenges (getting boosts/doing drifts momentarily stops the countdown timer), Ring Races (flying through a series of rings), Versus (racing one on one against a series of opponents), Boost Races (no powerups, but there are a lot more boost pads on the track), Battle Races (defeating all opponents and/or getting first place without getting killed), Traffic Attack (weaving through waves of traffic), and Pursuit (chasing after a tank to blow it up with missiles). These help to make the World Tour mode a lot more fun, and some of them change the location of the track itself. I was a little surprised doing the Ring Race on the After Burner track, as it has you flying through one of the aircraft carriers at one point, something that isn’t possible during a normal race.Overall, this game is fantastic. Boasting a wide variety of selectable characters with modifiable vehicles, excellent track designs, and a huge amount of game types, Sonic & All-Stars Racing: Transformed is recommended to all kart racing gamers, and may make you reconsider your excitement for Mario Kart 8.DISCLAIMER: Racing games are a genre that keep getting noticeably better as technology improves. Mario Kart 8 could in fact be really awesome, and I’m not attempting to tell you not to get it. However, as someone who has been a loyal Nintendo fan since 1986 and has played every Mario Kart game in the series (as well as tons of others, like Diddy Kong Racing, Crash Team Racing, LittleBigPlanetKarting, Pac-Man Rally, Konami Krazy Racers, and Lego Racers), I’m simply asking you not to dismiss Sonic Transformed as I feel it has set the bar higher than any Mario Kart game has for a long time. Double Dash was great, but I’d argue that the series hasn’t brought much to the table since then that didn’t just feel like the same game with a cheap new gimmick attached.DOUBLE DISCLAIMER: I’m apparently the only person in the world who thought (and still thinks) that Mario Kart 64 was an awful game."
,Recommended,212480,8372046,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Shteev,"One of the best, most inovative ""Kart"" Racers of all-time.Even fans who find words like ""Sonic"" or ""SEGA"" as being taboo should play this and experience an incredible racing game."
,Recommended,212480,8392492,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,oIVICAo,This is a very good game even on easy it can be tricky :-)
76561198087539671,Recommended,212480,8393794,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,*****2,"Excellent kart-racer game, bright clear graphics, wide range of cars & characters and fast and fast fluid gameplay. quite tough to unlock all the content though, but there is plenty of it so no complaints."
76561197981956784,Recommended,212480,7930502,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,snugz,Sanic racing is better than mario kart wii. The only issue i have is they spelled Sanic wrong in this game.
,Recommended,212480,7930605,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,HellaFlμsha,Very fun arcade style racing game! Controls are tight similar to Mario Kart racing games with similar drifiting capabilities. Hope to see more free DLC updates in the future!
,Recommended,212480,1114588,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Mekiath,WELCOME TO THE FANTASY ZONE. GET READY!
,Recommended,212480,7931021,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,QbaMango,"This game is so great! It's beautifull, colorfull and so much fun! A lot of lovely sonic heroes to play, a lot of fantastic levels. I was smiling all the time, even when i lost race just before the finish line, cause of enemy's firework :D. With friends it's even more fun. I definitely would recommend this game to literally everyone."
,Recommended,212480,2335725,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Ciunay_Ragathol,"Just perfect.If you loved ""Super Mario Kart"" and/or ""Mario Kart 64"", you can't really skip this game."
,Recommended,212480,7931103,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Engoni,"A really great karting game full of color and great power ups. The driving mecanics is solid, but not quite as good as Mario kart. The PC version is best because of all the extra PC themed drivers like Team Fortress characters. The game is great in coop, both online and split screen."
,Recommended,212480,7931331,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,BlastPhantomXV,this is a sonic racing game not to miss!As much as i wan't an HD Sonic Riders game for pc this is good.I Definately recomend.
,Recommended,212480,7931351,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Cubetwok,"This is Mario Kart done right. If you liked any of the mario kart games, you'll probably like this one as well."
,Recommended,212480,5203401,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,loner stoner with a boner,"Decent racing game. You can do much better,and you can do much worse. It's still worth trying out."
76561198098770681,Recommended,212480,7931595,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,-{FF}- A Mink,If you like racing games this is the game for you
,Recommended,212480,7931859,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,The Red Scare,"The best kart racer you will ever play, end of story."
76561198046954934,Recommended,212480,7932157,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Madcompass,actually not a bad game
,Recommended,212480,7932272,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,norhymes,Tremendously enjoyable.  Highly recommend.
,Recommended,212480,7932489,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,AbsolutHysteria,Great Game when it's sale. Burnout Paradise is better thou :D
,Recommended,212480,7932674,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Moncole,Great game. On par with Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,7933001,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,AkelisRain,This game will surprise many people on just how much fun it actually is!
,Recommended,212480,7933320,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,iCeDrAgOn,"A well designed and fun game to play, with multiple tracks to race on and unlock this game will keep you playing for hours.  You can also take it online and play against your steam friends.  I've had a lot of fun playing this game and i think you will too... try it out for yourself, that's all I have to say about it :)"
,Recommended,212480,7933337,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[brfx] smont,"Lots of fun, supports local 4 player too. Online play works great and is fun."
,Recommended,212480,7983580,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Black_Demon_Dragon,It 's a great fun relaxed racer but your but going to win easy like mario kart theres more skill need
76561198114465470,Recommended,212480,7983726,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,DeadDobby1,epic
,Recommended,212480,7984090,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,akosin,"I LOVE this game!  It's like Mario KArt, but more challenging.  Its so cool hearing the music from past SEGA game and seeing all the SEGA characters together on maps that resemble old levels!"
76561198075130949,Recommended,212480,7984123,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Izanamihime,"Good game lots of varity with many play hours, and if you are tired to play against the computer you can test your prowness against other users online!. Best feature for me. racing with team fortress."
76561197966721142,Recommended,212480,7984192,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,RiPerils,VROOM! Vroom wroom Vroom! This game is fast and fun with loads or replayability and even m0ore challenge :)
,Recommended,212480,7984412,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Arcidias,"This game's pretty awesome - even more so when playing local co-op with 3 more friends. There 2 great things about co-op:1) You can play cooperatively virtually everything - from campaign to custom games2) You can plug ANY gamepad and it WILL work with it, so props to SEGA to not making it compatible with X360 controllers only - a thing rarely seen these days10/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,212480,7984581,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,DeltaWolf7,"Wow, shocked at how well done this game is. Very well polished and the speed is brill.Best feature yet is the addition of Simon (@Honeydew) from the #Yogscast and all the cash goes to charity."
,Recommended,212480,7985361,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Smuggs,"Very good i got it for £3.74 in the sale and if you can get it simliar its a must.a bit of a Mario kart copy but easy to play/ understand so if you have kids5-10 years olds they will need no help getting stuck in.tracks easy to unlock and a few modes race,battle race and time trials to break it up.Theres two dlc yogs cast and metal sonic which £4.99 post sale can be added.Graphics and 5.1 sound is good enough and wont cause issues.I play with my lad on xbox360 controllers so id say there perfect so a good game for big picture as you dont have to click mouse as controller controls all menus.Hope this is helpful."
76561198045834762,Recommended,212480,7985440,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,NikkiButt,"This is Kart Racing at it's prime!  Tons of tracks to race on, colorful and unique characters to play as, one of the more balanced arsenal of weapon items and just bursting with great production values!  Can't go wrong with this as solo or multiplayer, both add hours of fun that is sure to continue to draw you back in!  Taking classic Sega games and injecting them into the themes for levels and actual characters is a treat and sure to bring a smile to long time fans.   I dare say that this is a more enjoyable Kart Racer then Mario Kart itself, the transformation feature seamlessly changes racing and keeps the entertainment fresh, while allowing for room to improve and grow your skills while also allowing newcomers to easily jump right into the fun!This is gaming at its finest with pure, blissful enjoyment!  You won't find a better racer for your $ worth and as a game in general, no reason to pass this over!"
76561197990694147,Recommended,212480,7986098,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,lcdwire,"Funtastic, although my two littlest nieces have a problem with the flying parts.  They get lost."
76561198009067077,Recommended,212480,7979939,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,GRANIT Salvo,"At first glance I thought, ""Great, another sonic game to tear down the franchise,"" but Steam had it for $5 and I bought it for my kids to play.  Then I noticed quickly that this was a Mario Kart clone and I was excited.  The controls are good, the graphics are good, the level design is very imaginative, and the transformation niche does not get annoying.  And with some sort of leveling system, there is really a lot going on in this game.  It's made directly against Mario Kart, but it's different enough that you don't really think of it as a clone.  Downsides?  Yeah.  Mainly the drifting doesn't feel very tight, and it's mandatory to learn if you want to win.  Just like Mario Kart Wii.  While Easy is easy, Medium can quickly turn punishing.  Stick to Easy until you find the character you like, learn the levels, and get the drifting down.  But ignoring that, this makes a good party game.  I'm quite happy that they include split screen multiplayer.  Some games remove that when ported to PC."
,Recommended,212480,7987081,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,LegionLord Vaxid,Is rly fun.
,Recommended,212480,7987760,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,DarkBlonde,Meh.
,Recommended,212480,8052922,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Grimnir,A good alternative to Mario Kart. Definitely must try!
,Recommended,212480,8057353,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,KasperKnop,<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3<3
76561198053690358,Recommended,212480,7944420,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Muthalips,"this game is a little too entertaining, it stole my life for 4 weeks after i baught it"
,Recommended,212480,6494698,"Posted: 8 February, 2013",all,Dinosauwrecks,This game is like Mario Kart on steroids. Buy it now and be prepared to lose hours of sleep.
,Recommended,212480,7944696,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Chef,This game is a crapload of fun and presents a genunie challenger to Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,7943469,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Nachobtz,I never played this game.
,Recommended,212480,7943582,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Femshepard,The best Mario Kart game money can buy.
76561198041058690,Recommended,212480,7943597,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,switchpoint,"This is Segas answer to Mario Kart and it is great, not to mention the support from other developers such as adding characters from Total Rome and Team Fortress just for the PC version. There is no reason you shouldn't own this game if you are into kart racers or just love Sega"
,Recommended,212480,7943792,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,smuglittleman,"Wanna get some Sonic nostalgia without, you know having to play a traditional Sonic game? Well then Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed is for you. A fun, capable, good looking kart racing game which would be great even if it didn't have everyone's favorite hedgehog in it."
,Recommended,212480,7943892,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Adorable Actions at Kawaii Costs,buy it
,Recommended,212480,7946440,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Stephen Lynx,Great.
,Recommended,212480,7967650,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,WIZgiggity,HELL YEAH
76561198086858355,Recommended,212480,7967821,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Buzz Lightyear,so amazing race
,Recommended,212480,7968343,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,chaaruzuw,"Love this game, so fun with friends :D"
,Recommended,212480,7968362,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,This Blubber Will Burn Rubber,"This game is like Mario-Kart, WITHOUT the blueshell BS. Stages are pretty challenging. And there are several ways to deal with being targeted, with enough practice. I do recommend you have a controller first though when playing. Was skeptical to get originally, but now I can say with confidence to get this game. =D"
,Recommended,212480,7968577,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,FrostFireSpirit,"Such a fun game :D thought i'd try it out, and love it. Lots of characters, and the courses change as you go through them, so it doesn't get boring :)"
,Recommended,212480,7969141,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,nido,It's like mario cart but hte items are fun
,Recommended,212480,7969903,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,warcloudff,This game is awesome!! Takes racing / go karts to a whole new level. It fun for the whole family.
,Recommended,212480,7970021,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,BlouPiesang,Such a fun game!!
,Recommended,212480,7968329,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,khrusko,"Everytime I saw a game that puts together game or toon characters with itens to hit the enemies, I used to thought ""are you serious? It's another copy of Mario Kart."", and for real, if you're thinking like I have done, please give a big chance for this game.Sonic ASRT is a awesome game, that mixed very well designed tracks based on the most old-school (and recent too) games, like Shinobi, Monkey Ball, Golden Axe, and characters from them. The game is really awesome, have good GFX, it have super dynamic way to have fun making you replay constantly, you won't have that felling of get the first place in a race and getbored about nothing to do and just keep doing it, cause in a general way, everything can change in a sec and happen very faster. The multiplayer only gives such a amazing touch to put the game on the top of arcade games.Everything in Sonic ASRT is really good, I keep my fingers crossed to SEGA support this game for a long time. Trust me, it's worth to play!"
,Recommended,212480,7971013,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,S. M. Wilde,One of the more unique and overall fun racing games I have played. Many nostalgic and surprising characters to choose from and hell theres even TF2 in this game. Thats just awesome.
,Recommended,212480,7971282,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Mr_Muerto,"To put it simple, the game is fantastic. If you like Sonic and Mario Kart games, then you will be right at home. And even if you are not, you still have fun. The controls are great, the tracks are colorful and different from each other. Plenty of racers. The graphics are great. You can't go wrong. It almost feels like something that Nintendo will make. Yep that good."
76561198078317925,Recommended,212480,7960922,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,IN OPTIONS,"This game is pretty cool. The car, plane, and boat playstyles make the game very dynamic. Its awesome that maps change the further you are in a race.  The maps are very active. You'll be driving in the middle of battles and other things. the music is great, the graphics look pretty (those are some good water graphics). theres even plenty of characters. When it comes to complaints, I wish there were a few more maps. You kind of notice throughout the tours, that you are replaying the same maps, until the later tours, when you unlock more. Speaking of which, I wish that not as many maps and charcters were locked at the start. the learning curve is also pretty high, you NEED to utilize stunts in your drivng or people will just boost past you. I didnt know how to do so because THERE IS NO COMMAND LIST, OR CONTROL MAPPING SETTINGS WHYYYYYYYYYY. But for  the games flaws, i still find this game very enjoyable. If your curious about this game, feel free to check it out."
,Recommended,212480,7972080,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SyidZy~,"Nice game, funny game !"
,Recommended,212480,7972146,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,KageTsuki,"One of the best, and fun, cart racing games that I ever played!"
,Recommended,212480,3539257,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Ruruja,Masterpiece.
,Recommended,212480,9502575,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,kodysandwich,"It's like Mario Kart for the PC.So if that's appealing to you, then get it."
,Recommended,212480,10203728,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Banta,"What an awesome kart racer; don't see why Sonic is driving vehicles, since he's the FASTEST THING ALIVE! But it's still tons of fun, and totally worth the price!"
,Recommended,212480,10209544,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Spaced,"Completely surprised by how good this was.  Absolutely the best kart racer on PC.  Single-player is chock full of content and multiplayer works extremely well.  I wouldn't advise playing without a controller, though.  Very much recommended if you like this genre."
76561198067480666,Recommended,212480,10183663,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Brettly,I grew up with the N64 being my main console and this game was the first one to really bring those feelings of a fun and exciting racer with interesting tracks just like Diddy Kong Racing and Mario Kart did when i was little. If you are a fan of either of those two games this game is definitly worth a buy! Also having the option to split screen on and offline makes it even better for getting together with friends all in one room.
,Recommended,212480,10215250,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Blaeckdeath,"A game great for friends, the Mario Kart for PC users. Gameplay is smooth and controls are simple, though it takes a few games to get used to, you can pick it up quickly."
,Recommended,212480,5051217,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Nouns,"This game has everything you could ever want out of a kart racing game, if not more. Other than the few pointless outliers (Danica ♥♥♥♥ing Patrick), every character on the roster has their own playstyle and the seven modifications you can unlock for their karts that can cater them more to your skills. This game features three modes of driving -- land, water, and air -- and the transitions to and from each feel seamless. Every stage on this game looks beautiful, as the graphics were certainely made to impress.On the minus side of things, I've had such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ time with the configuration of this game, as most options can't even be configured in-menu. No, instead, you have to exit the game first, then select it in your library and select the configurer from there. It gets very frustrating when trying to try out controls and graphical settings.About the controls. When you first play the game on a keyboard, it's a different experience from usual, as keyboard and mouse are not supported. You can either play with a keyboard, or a gamepad. I suppose it's expected from a kart racer, but it was kind of unexpected.Despite those issues, I really have enjoyed and will hopefully continue to enjoy this game. I reccomend it highly to both veterans and newcomers of the kart racing genre, as it's got a little something in there for everyone."
,Recommended,212480,10163064,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Dangangrampa,Terrible Graphics 10/10
,Recommended,212480,10164576,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,「あいぇ　せえん　あ　すくぅ」็,PC Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,10171200,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Dyna,"Plays great, graphics are great and the game is fun as hell. Really great kart racing game overall."
,Recommended,212480,623896,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,robustical,awesome
76561198082673961,Recommended,212480,10091432,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,JMG [JMadGamer],"Absolutely wonderful kart/plane/boat-racing game.Pros:Lost's of variety in characters and levels.Some of the most gorgeous and breath-taking level design in any game. As for it being a racing game, easily the best I've played. The way that each lap transforms into something new making the whole race feel like one coherent whole is just fantastic.Each ""kart"" mode feels different and unique in how they handle and with lot's of mods to cater to your specific taste in feel. Car mode handles as responsive as any other kart racer I've played. Boat racing has some extremely well thought out physics that make it really feel like you're driving in water. Flying is probably the most bland but also the most intriguing to look at since the levels do such interesting things while you're in the air. Overall they do the job and feel quite fulfilling.4 player local coop=awesome. Lot's of different modes to play with each other including battles and special race types.Online multiplayer for those who'd rather play with larger groups of ""real"" people.Cons:Settings are set outside of the game from a launcher which makes for some nasty alternating between executables to get things just right rather than having them in game and changed on the fly for more direct contrast.You have to play through the whole campaign mode to unlock all the different characters, levels, and mods. I suppose this is per the norm these days to entice you to play through the campaign but honestly, the campaign itself should be enticement enough to get you to play it rather than teasing you with a treat in front of your nose so that you continue chasing after the treat rather than actually caring about where it's taking you. Seriously, just let me play as Shadow from the get go, I'll be much happier.No easy handicapping built in to balance out skill levels between players. Makes for a poor party game in which you wish to bring a lot of new players and veteran players together to scream and laugh together.Overall:Not much to complain about here, the game is solid for what it is. It wanted to be an awesome hybrid of racing, boating, and flying and they did a killer job at it. From a personal perspective in which I hunt for awesome party games, it could have been a bit better like not making me go through all of the campaign so that my friends can play with whatever character they want. At least they allowed the players to play together in the campaign which is a nice breath of fresh air.Tons of fun, had me giggling with nerdy delight at the amount of love poured into this game. I highly recommend you give it a go if you're at all into kart racing games."
,Recommended,212480,47853,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,DIGITAL SPORTS,this game is canon
,Recommended,212480,7929920,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,AstraRadiance,SANIC!
,Recommended,212480,7930164,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[Current Year],DIS GAM IS DA♥♥♥♥♥♥YEH
,Recommended,212480,7930445,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,damoose1,"My favourite racer of all time. Even better than Mario Kart.It is increadibly fun, and the vehicle trasformations bring a unique aspect of gameplay that I have not really seen in a racing game. Driving one second, and flying the next. The trasforrmation animations are pretty cool too.This also brings another aspect to the forefront: the maps and level designs - they are amazing. What is really great is how dynamic they are. On one lap you are driving around like a regular cart racer, then on the next lap, the world is ripped appart as the vehicles trasform, while trying to dodge debris and take a completely different route from the previous lap. The worlds are really beautiful too, and there are some cool models scatered throughout - like that cool dragon.Graphics are really great. Diffenitly the prettiest kart racer out there. They really colpliment the art style, and the vehicle models are really detailed, especially while watching them change. Music is perfect and well-suited to the games style. Controls are also great. Really responsive - and not just accelerate, with left and right turn. When flying, you have control over the pitch. You also have to control the awesome weapons. Then there is the flipping which helps you get boost, and lastly there is the drift button which is key to winning or lossing.The only draw-back is some of the characters. Sega does not have the licences like Nintendo, and some of the ones they do have are a bit riddiculous: like a couple of those wierd dance characters. You do get Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, Shadow and Dr Eggman who are the cool Sonic characters. But you also get crappy ones like Amy, and a few of his ""Friends"" littered throughout the tracks. There are also many characters that I have no clue who they are, since many are old console characters which never made it to PC. You do get many cool ones like Team Fortress, Crazy Taxi and the like. But, you do get some which may become dated as time goes on like some real-life race driver lady, and Wreck it Ralph. With all this in mind, however, all the characters are pretty well balanced. You don't get and overpowered or too weak characters in the game - they all have their pro's and cons.With all this, the awesome amounts of unlocks and achievements, this game is stuffed-full of content, and even more fun with friends. You have to get this game.9/10"
,Recommended,212480,7939096,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Goob,"Pretty fun once you figure out how the boost slides work.  Just hold that trigger down the whole time, pretty much."
,Recommended,212480,7939891,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Voltron Shakespeare,WE MARIO KART NOW
,Recommended,212480,7940172,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,SilverEzekial38,"It be fun you, its like mario kart...cept less annoying...cause no freaking blue shells! Wooo!"
,Recommended,212480,7940322,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Glacial @ happysalad,"Well made and fun cart racer with clever track design and smart, nostalgic references. Recommended byhappysalad.net."
,Recommended,212480,1090026,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Karizma Lion,"Mario Kart set the standards, but the experienced studio behind Outrun 2 upped the game with Sonic Racing. Transformed here is even better, and has enough skill and crazy fun to be my favorite console racing game, hands-down. This is it folks."
,Recommended,212480,627038,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,fox,"This game is awesome. Solid visuals with rock steady framerate, tight controls, excellent tracks and great difficulty curve. Split-screen play in all modes including online. A deceptively deep and challenging racer that is difficult to put down.Update: Strong post-launch support and an active online racing community have consistently kept this game worth playing since its early 2013 launch. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212480,3123828,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,L3Gi0n4R,Great and very funny karting race game ! All SEGA-s character + 25 levels from all SEGA titles !!This game reminds me on Crash Team Racing.
,Recommended,212480,7944984,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Dougie™,10/10 B E A U T I F U L would bang.
76561198089381203,Recommended,212480,7945015,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,dr7965,is cool racers you can FLY too
,Recommended,212480,7945122,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,onaa3r,"Super fun. tons o' co-op, enjoyment for  experienced and casual gamers alike"
,Recommended,212480,7945386,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,TrucxAKumin,"Fun kart racer. Not many to be found on PC, so good addition. Minor bugs within game though, but not that big of a deal. I would give it an 8.4/10."
,Recommended,212480,7945505,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Nergal,"huge improvement over the original, netcode needs more work, port is good, though gameplay still feels too centered around drifting, it's still very fun, best kart racer in recent years"
,Recommended,212480,7946189,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Captain Thor,"Awesome. Just, awsome.  And I am not particularly a fan of Sonic."
,Recommended,212480,7946560,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Sakisaka,funn
76561198012557845,Recommended,212480,7946649,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,JR0CK3R,Wow...Very fun and looks good too!
76561197967409773,Recommended,212480,277026,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,eshan,This game is actually really fun.
,Recommended,212480,7947453,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,BaconSandvich,"Take the best parts of Diddy Kong Racing and a dash of drifting mechanics from Mario Kart and whole ton of nostalgia in a way that Disney World Racing (Can't quite remember the name) did. This game was the greatest five bucks I ever paid, It's worth so much more. This is the flagship game for Steam Machine's. Local 4 player needs to be in more games for PC. Me and my 2 boys were emersed in games of my childhood. What amazed me most was not the nostalgia, but the courses were so well made and enjoyable. Only cavet I have is I wish there was Steam Workshop support for new characters and maybe some customizations."
,Recommended,212480,7948272,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Dakuga,"Pretty fun game, entertaining, although somewhat difficult. A definite choice if you have the money and enjoy the characters and the feel of the game."
76561198043555811,Recommended,212480,7948366,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,XAquaBladeX,"Very Fun, I do recommend!"
,Recommended,212480,7949033,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,B33,This ♥♥♥♥ing game.This ♥♥♥♥ING game.THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME.THIS GAME IS WHAT WOULD HAPPEN IF YOU TOOK A JESUS AND MIXED IT WITH SEX. THIS GAME IS THE CULMINATION OF ALL HUMAN ACHIEVEMENT. MOST HUMANS AREN'T CAPABLE OF UNDERSTANDING THE COMPLEX ALLEGORIES AND META-EMOTIONS BROUGHT BY THIS MASTERFUL WORK OF ART.THE FEELINGS THAT THE PLAYER FEELSTHE EMOTIONS THAT THE PLAYER EMOTIONSTHE SONICS THAT THE PLAYER SONICSALL OF THOSE THINGS ARE THINGS. WHT DO THEY HAVE IN COMMON?!?! THEY ARE THINGS THAT THIS GAME DOES SO FAST THAT HUMANS CANNOT REGISTER. THIS GAME IS FASTER THAN A REDNECK ON BLACK FRIDAY. THIS GAME IS FASTER THAN THE TRIGGER FINGERS OF EVERY LAPD COP COMBINE. THIS GAME IS FASTER THAN METH.AND METH IS ♥♥♥♥ING FASTTHIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING FASTFASTSONIC
76561198068898577,Recommended,212480,7949051,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,KarateChopMan1,So good
,Recommended,212480,10933194,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Noob Noob,Really well balanced kart racer. Very well done.
,Recommended,212480,10934362,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,as ☂,Great Mario-Kart-style racer and an excellent choice when playing with a gamepad.Also thumbs up for local co-op.
76561198010282075,Recommended,212480,10934979,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,U JELLY BRO?,"A great racing game, with all your favourite childhood sega character in. A must play for those who love SEGA and the gameplay elements of games such as Mario Kart.Although the default controls can be rather awkward, so I would recommend using a controller of some sort."
76561198096859661,Recommended,212480,12427290,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,ShiftyBitz,This is just a masterpiece of all racing games i've ever played this is one of the best
,Recommended,212480,5288347,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Pedro Xavier(Sombra),"very fun game, not left out!"
,Recommended,212480,11383892,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,gamerjohn1991,"I liked the game in general, but I disliked the fact that I got the European version by mistake."
,Recommended,212480,11385072,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Pywackett-Barchetta,"A legitimate arcade racer with all the bright colors, smooth drifts, and brutal competition you'd expect from a SEGA classic, with well-balanced items and intuitive controls making it an easy recommendation as a party game, as well.It'd be easy after seeing its predecessor to label it a karting game, but that's a pretty serious misnomer. It puts a pretty heavy focus on driving (and especially drifting) skill and strategy instead of being a simple pick-up-and-play title. If you're a longtime fan of SEGA, you will find a freakin' ton of nostalgic nods, familiar locales, and favorite characters here, but if you don't pay any attention to those, you should still be able to find something to get excited about. There's a reason it's not ""SEGA All-Stars"" anymore, and that's an expansive and certainly odd cast coming together here, including Danica Patrick, Wreck-It Ralph, and one particularly special guest near and dear to my heart, who makes it a little hard to say this review isn't biased.There's no good ol' oval to find here. Tracks are twisty, complex, and dizzying as they are beautiful. Difficulties range from Sears Point with ramps to one finale that would feel at home in F-Zero GX. The transformation mechanic does legitimately change how races are run, and is only absent from the four tracks returning from Sonic and SEGA All-Stars Racing (one of which was console DLC unavailable on Steam, so that's a little plus). Cars are made to be driven sideways here, as you'd expect from the team that brought you Outrun 2(006 Coast to Coast on home consoles). Boats are bouncier, and ripply waters are an important factor in them, while planes give you all the high-flying freedom and sheer speed you'd expect, though all three forms still keep drifting heavily intact. The physics do feel right in the heat of the moment, and using a 360 controller, the rumble adds quite a bit to the sensation on and off the road.There's a nice visual variety in the tracks, as well, with long-dormant series making spectacular comebacks. I found it hard not to squeal with joy when first seeing the NiGHTS Into Dreams track, as it speeds through classic boss battles, Scalding volcanic lairs, an icy (and damn near impossible to navigate) castle, scenic beaches, and beautifully-lit spaceships provide awesome backdrops for what basically amounts to a bunch of video game characters throwing snowballs and hornets at each other. The Outrun track available for DLC is also a nice touch if you find yourself longing for a new track.The World Tour mode is, somewhat archaically, pretty much the only way to unlock most characters and tracks. But it is quite fun and will likely help you hone your skills quite a bit, definitely worth the time you'll likely sink into it. There are a few irritating/gimmicky events, like the Pursuit boss battles and the whole last chapter being mirror modes for little reason, but on the whole it is challenging and engaging in good ways. (A little disappointed on my second playthrough, having owned it on PS3, that this game pulls a Project DIVA and only unlocks the last difficulty level in the career when you're already done with most of it, but I suppose it would be discouraging if you're not ready for it.)The PC version of the game is oddly buggy at times, typically in single races, for me, at least. I've had the iconic Shibuya Downtown track send my driver skyrocketing into the air on multiple occasions for no explained reason, although I suppose the addition of quite a few extra racers and adjustable graphics may make up for it for most. I'll certainly say that when the Team Fortress 2 theme comes blasting in, it's pretty hard not to bang my head along to it. Even when that's someone else's All-Star. And they are about to demolish me. Worth it. The electronic/dubstep mixes of classic tunes often work a lot better than I'd expect, though some don't hold up as well outside the context of the game (Splash Wave, ugh, what happened). Still, they work quite well in the game itself, and are quite satisfactory in the thrill of the race.All in all, I heavily recommend this title if you want serious, quality racing in the overblown, ridiculous style of the olden days. If the words ""ROLLING START"" make you burst into song, you'll want this. If you have no idea why I say that... well, first play Daytona USA. But still, you'll find plenty to enjoy here if you just want a good time and some high speeds, if you're willing to really push against some difficult opponents later on and can shrug off the occasional barrage of items without any hard feelings."
76561198079087071,Recommended,212480,7965324,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MiniBek,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,212480,7966421,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,WOLFKWINN,"Asthetic, awesome.Music, Amazing remixes and reimaginations on songs of oldGameplay, fairly goodReasons to play this game: Fun kart racer, on pc, that feels somewhat like mariokart, yet not too similar as to be so boringReasons this game is bad: Network connections aren't the best7.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,7966883,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,IAmGreg85,"If you like Mario Kart, you'll love this game. Plays similar to Mario Kart, but has its own unique gameplay mechanics that makes it stand out as its own racing game. A lot of cool powerups, fun maps, some extra game modes, and the fact that you can play as TF2 characters is awesome. Grab it when it's on sale, for $5 you cannot go wrong with this game, or buy a 4-pack for $3.75/person.The game is also fully compatiable with a 360 wired controller!"
,Recommended,212480,7966998,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,RollingRock,"I have a few words to say about this. This game is freakin hilarious to play! The speed, the soundtrack... could anything go wrong? Yes, I've found a few tricky parts and curves in this game, but overall it is a funny and a fast action racing game that I recommened to everyone that wants a challenge."
,Recommended,212480,7965134,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,funny,"This game is honestly one of the weirdest racing games in my life. I mean, look at this. Sega let Valve put their Team Fortress 2 characters Spy, Pyro, and Heavy, which I love because Team Fortress 2 is my favorite game. We have some games I dont even know are, but some of them could probably be Indie. We have a movie character, Wreck-it Ralph. Yeah. You heard me. Disney characters in Sega games. But dont let my review fool you, I love this game and anyone who has a chance to get their hands on it, should. OH AND LETS NOT FORGET, They let you buy a person from a Youtube Channel. Crazy weird, right?"
,Recommended,212480,753199,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Luther,"EVER WANTED TO PLAY MARIO KART BUT GOT SO FED UP WITH BLUE SHELLS DICKING YOU OVER AT THE LAST SECOND? GETTING TIRED OF JUST DOING CONSTANT RACING JUST TO GET THROUGH SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN IN RACING GAMES? WANT TO DO THINGS LIKE GUNNING DOWN A TANK OR PARTICIPATE IN A DEATH RACE? WELL NOW YOU CAN, WITH THE ORIGINAL KART RACING GAME, BLONIC & ALLSTARS RACING TRANSFORMED! PLAY AS DIFFERENT SEGA CHARACTERS LIKE BLONIC HIMSELF, THE ♥♥♥♥ING MONKEY BALL CHARACTERS, OOLAGHLAGH, AND EVEN ALEX KIDD, WITH GUEST APPEARANCES EXCLUSIVE TO THE PC VERSION LIKE THE TEAM FORTRESS TEAM (with horrid voice acting for them)! IT'S NOT JUST RACING! IT'S BLONIC RACING TRANSFORMED!"
76561198072944507,Recommended,212480,12869953,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,MOJOJOJOJOJO,Its a fun racing game with wacky fun cars and tracks..........just wacky funness all around
,Recommended,212480,12986323,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,King_Anesti,"This game is like Mario-Kart on Crack in a Tornado. Tons of fun, music is great, levels are super creative - just a blast to play with friends. I've had way more fun with this game than I expected, and it's a classic racing game to me - Mario Kart and then some! Well done SEGA. B-)"
,Recommended,212480,13168642,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Ben,"It's absolutely a rip-off of Mario Kart... and that's absolutely why it's so good! And unlike Mario Kart: available on PC!It's also HARDER than Mario Kart: the rubber-banding is more subtle, so if you fall far behind, you'll STAY behind (and if you get far ahead, you'll STAY ahead).I do love me some Mario Kart, but I hope Mario Kart steals as many ideas from Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed as Sonic & etc-etc stole from Mario Kart: the tracks that change from lap to lap (some changes you can even control by the actions you take on the track), the World Tour and it's bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy challenges... and even just the incredible sense of speed some of the tracks accomplish.Absolutely recommend!"
76561198056381772,Recommended,212480,13094719,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,bardie,i dont like games that go fast. EXCEPT THIS.best fast game EVER. except when they make you fly through rings. i dont like those ones they are too hard.colourful and amazing fun.
,Recommended,212480,13131534,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hannah Montana,"An incredibly good port of a really fun and satisfying game. I'd consider it a notch above most Mario Karts, especially the new ones."
76561197985720502,Recommended,212480,13111300,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,AlphaTwist,Closest ull get to mario kart quality of gameplay compared to anything else on the market.
,Recommended,212480,12999641,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Lhughen,"it's fast, it's fun, it's Domin... Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed*"
76561198034843094,Recommended,212480,13054350,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,PollyToGo,One of the best fun-racers i have ever played. Super challenging AI and the local-coop is super awesome with friends.Enyoing a great time with this game!
,Recommended,212480,13095069,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Nybb,"Sega has once again created a Sonic-themed knockoff of a Mario game, but this time, it's actually really good. I would say it's even better than the Mario equivalents (although I haven't played the Wii U one or 3DS one yet).It's a kart racer. There's a big cast of characters (with pleasantly few of them being annoying Sonic characters), including some strange ones like Wreck-it Ralph and the Team Fortress guys. They all have different stats, and definitely feel different. There's items, and they are overall more fair than those in Mario Kart: they generally require more skill to use, and can also be defended against with enough practice. One example: the red-shell-equivalent can be dodged by boosting at the very last second before it hits you.There's a ton of courses. They're all nice-looking and diverse, and change on every lap. There's boat and plane sections too, so there's tons of variety. There's a ton of modes, including a challenge mode that completely alters the goals and the courses themselves. There's multiplayer, both local (up to 4) and online, and you can pretty much do multiplayer on any of the modes, in addition to there being battle modes. There's also tons of stuff to unlock.In conclusion, I would recommend this to anybody with an even passing interest in kart/racing games. The biggest selling point for me is that it pushes the focus more towards skill than luck (compared to Mario Kart) and the huge amount of content (i.e. not just grand prix and battle mode)."
,Recommended,212480,12969249,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,zmiize,"Great game, lots of fun. Even though the ammounts of tracks is small, it has many missions to make up for it."
,Recommended,212480,12284488,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Slash0007,cars that become boats that become planes. Just needs trains.
,Recommended,212480,10631337,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Meta,"A surprisingly great game from a fanchise that had seemed to give up on quality. Easy to be mistaken as a Mario Kart clone, All-Stars Racing holds its own with ever shifting tracks and evolving tactics and paths. Each lap is different from the last in areas that seem to change as you go."
76561198069738864,Recommended,212480,10631864,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,SethBacon,"Very fun, great race tracks, beatiful graphics, this is one of the better racing games out there right now"
,Recommended,212480,10577763,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DillyMonnn,"Sonic All-Stars Racing Transformed is a very neat, fun, kart racing game. Being a fan of such kart games like diddy kong racing, mod nation, mario kart, pac man world rally, and others; this game fits in with all of them. From lush tracks and levels, to leveling up and cool characters, this game has a recipie I haven't quite seen before. HOWEVER. Flip on the hard difficulty (aka A Class), you'll be in a world of hurt because this games AI does not waste anytime lolly gagging and will shoot its way to 1st place before you can even react. I would consider myself a veteran of kart games, but this game is by far the most difficult/challenging I've ever come across. If you're a nooby, I suggest playing on easy or normal. Also, pick it up if its on sale, it aint worth what they're asking for."
,Recommended,212480,159958,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,VonWolfman,Fun cart racing game.
,Recommended,212480,7754569,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,GLASSES JACKET SHIRT,"Fun, lots if content, and the AI is truly challenging on the Hard levels."
,Recommended,212480,1869109,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Electric Jam Machine,An incredibly fun racing game packed with so much nostalgia.
,Recommended,212480,1365349,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,SonicTempest,The best version of a really fun combat racing game.
,Recommended,212480,2263052,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,AugustusLove,Pretty much how a Kart Racing Game should be made and played like this.
76561197992886766,Recommended,212480,1407958,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Honorable_D,"Great game! I got it 75% off and that was an amazing deal!Think of this game as a more ""elite"" Mario Kart. Its faster, harder and more skill based. It does have items, and you can still get ""item♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;, but it doesn't seem to be nearly as bad as in Mario Kart. An example is that instead of the Blue Shell that pretty much screws over first place by always exploding on him, you've got the Swarm instead. The Swarm causes these giant wasps to spawn in front of the first place guy and if hes good he can actually evade all of them - its not guaranteed to screw him over.This game also has tons more content than Mario Kart. Its got Grand Prix, Time Attack, and a World Tour mode that sorta plays out like Mario Bros 3 world maps in that you move along the map to different events. Only thing it doesn't have is a dedicated Battle Mode but that mode was never really popular.Many characters, many unlockables, great fast-paced racing! Oh, and I can't forget to tell you that every character has a kart, boat and jet form! Yes, you can boat race and air race with each mode very much changing how you handle but usually in a good way. Its mostly kart racing though, so don't worry."
,Recommended,212480,7770278,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,GARFIELF,I must accelerate rapidly.
,Recommended,212480,664036,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Dr. Nebsterio,"Sonic Kart, without blue shells.  Praise be!"
,Recommended,212480,7770858,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Etheren,"This Game. This Game is my most played game in my Steam Library. 150+ Hours of my life have gone into this game, and I have completed every possible thing. Even then there is something that makes me keep coming back to this. It's one of my most favourite games I own, and I can still see myself in the future playiing it for anoother 150. I HIGHLY recommend buying this game. Buy it if its £5, or even buy it at £500. It won't matter what the price is. You will find out that it is worth every single penny."
,Recommended,212480,27255945,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[NUGG] craigstape,"I was searching for a game ..... somthing to just start up, chill and play with freinds on my steam link....the first thing that sprung to mind was mario kart but really didnt fancy messing with dodgy emulators so thought this might be a good subsitute but boy its a GREAT subsitute.....personally i think its a better local mutitiplayer then mario kart. The Racing is fast paced and is a little more skill based rarther then the huge catchup assists mario has (Bullet bill for eg).....this means there may be a little more of a learning curve for drunken mates etc to just jump in and compete but after a few runs they will get it. Runs super smooth with tons of levels, land sea and air. Worth having in your library especially if you have a steam link.one thing i should point out is i havent yet managed to find anyone on the online lobby yet, i did only try twice and only waited 2-3mins but personally i think this game is really best played locally.....i could see online getting frustraiting myself."
76561198063659873,Recommended,212480,30934808,Posted: 3 April,all,Kodie4194,Was looking for a good racing game and i think i found it! very fun
,Recommended,212480,8107090,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,SvettBulle,"A must have for the mario kart/diddy kong racing freaks out there, like myself!High-paced action+Matchmaking feature, better then i thought for a racing game+Challenging Ai's+Great campaign+Crashes may happen sometimes, but its rare-Overall 5/5!"
,Recommended,212480,27306640,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Medessec,"Just an all-round great, fun, exciting racing game that can be clean joy for all types- whether you crave skill and challenge, or just plain loose carefree fun. The racing on it's own is quite fun, and the modes are sufficient. I wish the gameplay had more customization, and the online/multiplayer options were a bit more involved and expansive, but as it is, this is an amazing game."
,Recommended,212480,27332280,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kuwertz,Amazing yet underated racing game!
,Recommended,212480,27025618,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,lbyrd2,Seriously my favourite racing game of all time.
,Recommended,212480,27078480,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Adrian Held,One of the best party games there are.If you ned anything to have fun and remindyou of good old day with Mario Kart.This is the Game you need to buy
76561197964665833,Recommended,212480,27092296,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DiGiTaLFX,Closest thing to Mario Kart I've found for PC.
,Recommended,212480,27372586,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ferristriangle,Best Mario Kart game ever.
,Recommended,212480,27360362,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Johangir,this is my favorite fanfic
,Recommended,212480,27360380,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ScanMan,"Everyone considers the Mario Kart series the de-facto king of the kart racing genre, but if any game has ever given Mario a run for his money, it's this one.  Hands down one of the most enjoyable racing games I've ever played with fantastic level design, great music, a fun cast and some of the best multiplayer i've ever played.If you're a fan of Mario Kart 8 and want something just as good on PC, look no further."
76561198268836489,Recommended,212480,30936435,Posted: 3 April,all,JB319,♥♥♥♥in Great Game!
76561198194260498,Recommended,212480,26058384,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,eduardomcneil2014,No way I chose my favorite character Ages on my game.
,Recommended,212480,26039515,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,The Ravioli Ranger™,ThebestMario Kart
,Recommended,212480,26785949,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Smedis2,Imagine if Daytona USA
,Recommended,212480,8139722,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MrCheesecake,"Just so you know, this isn't a ripoff of Mario Kart. I like it a little more then Mario Kart.The transforming aspect of this game really makes it more fun, instead of just driving a car for the whole time.Graphics are decent, PC port could be a little better.Character list is sort of random, they got Spy, Pyro and Heavy in one character, they have Wreck-It-Ralph, Dianca Patrick, and some other random people.This game is more skilled-based then Mario Kart, but it still requires some luck with items.Overall, this game is really good."
,Recommended,212480,9304104,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,EMB,"One of the best Arcade Racing games in history , Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,212480,30926000,Posted: 3 April,all,D2.Edge  [ENG],its mario kart for the pc and its cheap enough said buy it!
,Recommended,212480,27007153,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cory Baxter,"It's like mario kart, but this one's got football manager in it."
,Recommended,212480,30926304,Posted: 3 April,all,SCUM NATH,by far the best arcade racing game on steam
,Recommended,212480,13633304,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,EmiLinn,I really love this game! :)
76561198085264250,Recommended,212480,13452549,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sen. Clay Davis,"Coming from a long-time Mario Kart fan, I firmly believe that this is the best kart racing game ever made.  Yes, there is a learning curve, but the four different racing classes are set up so that you can be competitive right from the start and move your way up as you get better and better.  I have 83 hours on record, and I still find S Class (the highest one) offers a serious but not overwhelming challenge.Much more skill-based than the Mario Kart franchise IMO (e.g., no cheap stuff like Blue Shells) and using weapons against opponents is more challenging -- but that's what it makes it so rewarding when you execute.  Graphics are beautiful and literally every track is superb.In short, one of my favorite video games of all-time.  Buy it."
,Recommended,212480,13334784,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Coffee Mutt,"Sega always outdoes itself when it comes to these types of games.- Beautiful environments- Different challenges in World Tour- Easy controlls, and a variety of tricksShould keep you busy for a while.There are a couple of things that bother me though...(Spoilers). It's great that Wreck-It Ralph is a playable character...but no Vanellope? No one from Sugar Rush who actually drives a **** car? Not only that...there are no levels pertaining to that movie at all. Why bother adding him? Also, Danica Patrick just seems totally out of place among the rest of the characters and she has no level. Billy Hatcher has a track but he's not a playable character...? Each set of characters from a specific game should have a level to match, it just makes sense."
,Recommended,212480,13535675,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,abodycool111,a great pc version of a kart racing game where you get to play offline and online as pyro heavy and spy.....that is allgameplay 9\10--fun to playgraphics 9\10--looks amazingsound 9\10--sounds spectaculerreplay value 10\10--its gonna take you awihle to 100% itfinal score 9\10with the -50% off deal it is worth getting
,Recommended,212480,161223,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Doktor Evil,Cooler Funracer.
,Recommended,212480,11579287,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Arrakis,i promise this game has potential to be fun but no one ♥♥♥♥ing plays it
,Recommended,212480,11570464,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Merm,I went fast in a kart that transforms into a boat that transforms into a plan that transforms back into a kart.Loved it
,Recommended,212480,11653597,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,H@mm€rT!me,The best game I played
,Recommended,212480,11544493,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,The Memessiah,"A lot of people say this is better than Mario Kart, but I'm not sure how you can even say that considering how different they are. This is more akin to arcade racers, and it's pretty dang fun, too. Just skip the DLC. It's not worth the money, really."
76561197984150039,Recommended,212480,12824814,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,jEpi89,One of the Best Racing games in the genre!
,Recommended,212480,12826431,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Deadlee,One of the best Arcade Racing games you will ever buy!-The story mode consists of races as well as different challenges and boss races (1v1)-Lots of different characters each with their own unique stats-Loads of differnet race tracks and tourneysAny fan of Mario Kart or Crash Bandikoot Racing will thoroughly enjoy this gem.
,Recommended,212480,10946339,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DENghini,"Took (minus the loading stuff and over 9000 retrys for each level) 5 hours to beat on Hard lolnow it wants me to beat it on expert wth? lol and bunch of new levels after winning on hard XDseriosuly tho it was fun! its more of a game to play with lots friends i suppose, there is not much to learn its easy."
,Recommended,212480,484891,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,A guy named Kim who isnt Korean,"Boost. Level 3 Drift boost. Risk Boost, Danger Boost, Reckless Boost, Transform Boost, Stunt Boost, TRIPLE FLIP, HOT ROD BOOST. 420 BOOST EVERYDAY.THE WORLD IS TEARING ITSELF ASUNDER AND I MUST BOOST."
,Recommended,212480,10933011,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Moggy,"This one may have flown under most peoples radar but definately worth picking up.  Every map feels exciting, every game mode enjoyable, a great party game.  Transformation between vehicle modes is very fun.  The menu system shows that the game was designed for consoles but that aside it is a very polished and enjoyable cart racing game. 8/10"
,Recommended,212480,10847435,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Doctor_Fruitbat,"Has enough original content to make it more just than a Mario Kart clone and setting it across every Sega franchise results in a game that is crammed full of content and variety; definitely worth playing, although I'm not sure how it would play without a controller!"
76561198008099529,Recommended,212480,10847443,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Commander Feep,"Have you ever wanted to play Mario Kart while Mario and all his friends are on ecstasy? Well Mario Kart 8 can do that now. BUT I USED TO SAY THAT ABOUT THIS GAME. Seriously, it's insane. But the best kind of Kart Racing insane. And it looks beautiful too!8.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,10576767,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Jason,Is fun.
,Recommended,212480,13233231,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Max,good game
,Recommended,212480,7565754,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Atlas Liga,Total Mario Kart rip-off but still a lot of fun!I highly recommend an Xbox-controller.7/10
,Recommended,212480,13198478,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Darkhoover,"Challenging and fun, this game has a good selection of characters and tracks (though, could always use more, of course!)You can use keyboard or controller, and I've found the keyboard handles very nicely - which in turn allows me to use my controller for a second player! One of the best aspects of this game is the splitscreen multiplayer, a sadly under-used feature these days. I've had a lot of fun with this game and I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,212480,33000348,Posted: 29 June,all,Zer0Tiper,"If you have few friends, then with this gmae you will have a lot of fun playing and cursing each other at the same time :D"
76561198046672420,Recommended,212480,33068787,Posted: 30 June,all,Derrière Connoisseur.exe,The Mario Kart killer
,Recommended,212480,33066845,Posted: 30 June,all,TAARGÜS,If you love Mario Kart you'll love this.
,Recommended,212480,33072150,Posted: 1 July,all,Britanica,"I am not sure why people are saying the game does not support controller. I have been playing it for like two years now and my Xbox 360 controllers have worked just fine. There is also online multiplayer too. I just checked and was in a lobby! LOL Not sure if it is a bug with current downloads or what but works perfectly fine for me. I would not have gotten it had it not had controller support in the first place. Just have the controller plugged in before you launch the game. Also works just fine when I play with other people online through Steam too. It may not be worth $10 anymore but if you catch it on sale, it is a lot of fun to play. I recommend it."
76561197972330845,Recommended,212480,571582,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Juvuk,love it!! :)
,Recommended,212480,30329888,Posted: 4 March,all,SCOTT0852,"This is essentially a Mario Kart 7 rip off, but it's still a great game."
,Recommended,212480,32463899,Posted: 15 June,all,Natt,Good Game
,Recommended,212480,13602586,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,hazzaricks,"Being a huge fan of arcade-styled racing games such as Mario Kart and Crash Tag Team Racing, 'Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed' (from here on in being referred to as 'Sonic Racing') was a fantastic experience throughout with very responsive and simple controls and lots of fast-paced action on a vast variety of tracks.Sonic Racing is a really enjoyable game to play either on your own, or with others - whilst the game can sometimes glitch and ruin your momentum, for the most part, the gameplay flows really well - perfectly providing the chaos and challenge required in arcade racers.The character selection on the PC version is fantastic, with additions such as Team Fortress, General Winter and Football Manager, plus some brilliant Yogscast Simon DLC for a few extra pennies. However, it did bother me that the characters can only be unlocked through the World Tour mode and through beating particular challenges. I still have a number of characters to unlock as I'm either stuck on a level, or can't be bothered to do something I've already done many times before. Whilst the World Tour mode is a lot of fun and can take up many hours, it renders the far superior Grand Prix completely pointless aside from levelling-up racers and getting the trophies. It's only a minor nitpick, but the fact that I can't play as Shadow or Eggman as I can't complete a particular impossibly-difficult level does bother me somewhat.The tracks are for the most part very fun. Whilst there are a few weaker ones in the mix, there is definitely a signifcantly bigger amount of strong tracks as opposed to weak ones. The tracks are rather long, but due to the changing terrain and vehicles, this can really help the game from running stale - something which Mario Kart currently lacks. The flying sections are very fun and allow a lot of control, however the water sections are quite frustrating as your handling is certainly weaker - however, these vehicle transformations and terrain changes really do help the game to differ itself from other arcade racers without seeming gimmicky, which is a huge positive.The multiplayer is lacking somewhat. It bothers me that you cannot make a custom Grand Prix and instead must keep going back and forward to change tracks - this is something I feel Mario Kart does far better. However, Mario Kart is a Nintendo exclusive and Sonic Racing is a very good alternative for other consoles.Overall, Sonic Racing is incredibly fun - however, does feel fairly limiting. The World Tour will keep players busy for a while, but I'm not quite sure whether it would keep them entertained as playing levels in 'Hard' can really be unfair at times. The Grand Prix has a lot of potential, but sadly feels rather pointless - however, is worth completing regardless as it is certainly where the game truly shines. Sonic Racing is a game I would recommend to any casual gamer, especially if they are a fan of arcade racing games such as Mario Kart as it is a similar experience, without seeming like a complete clone.Rating: 3/4"
76561198166603560,Recommended,212480,32636737,Posted: 22 June,all,NEON AURORA,It is so much
,Recommended,212480,33195132,Posted: 3 July,all,JusticeSoulTuna,"It’s honestly one of the most enjoyable racing games I’ve played in a long time. The stages are visually stunning and enjoyable, the racing feels tight and satisfying, and the whole game has a very fun, loveable atmosphere. Overall, the level of SEGA game nostalgia adds a nice boost to this game’s appeal, particularly for long-time SEGA game fans. Even special touches such as hearing a character’s theme when they go ‘All-Star’ is appealing. Despite a few finnicky situations trying to configure the controller and graphics, the game runs beautifully and you’ll feel a real sense of speed as you drift and boost your way through SEGA’s legacy of games re-imagined as racing tracks. Easy to pick up, appealing to the eyes, and legitimately fun."
,Recommended,212480,33189625,Posted: 3 July,all,Wolfii,"A first look at this game i'm sure most of you would be thinking this as a mario kart rip-off, that's what i thought atleast, but it turns out this is much more then 'mario kart' and it feels more of a completely different game.S&ASRT offers a variety of modes, characters and challenges. The maps are (for the most part) are jam-packed with detail and content, the items all seem balanced and fair and the characters are a very diverse cast of fictional and non-fictional characters from Danica Patrick to TF2 and each one has exclusive cars and sounds.The only down side i could really find is there is no way to change the controls making it slightly hard without a controller but i did seem to get used to the controls after a bit of playing.Essentially it's mario kart for pc.9/10"
,Recommended,212480,33239308,Posted: 4 July,all,HelToupe,Lots of fun. Good for Big Picture and Steam Contoller
,Recommended,212480,33162563,Posted: 2 July,all,Lucky Avalon,"Beautiful graphics, up beat music, nice all around performance.  Could use a better way to configure the controls as I haven't been able to use my controler, only a gamepad I used for WoW.  The handling is responsive, except on the flight parts, takes a bit of getting used to as going down goes faster than going up.  Any Mario Kart fan will love it."
76561198056045894,Recommended,212480,33254114,Posted: 4 July,all,Kwaigon,This Game Great fun loved it so much
76561198080307684,Recommended,212480,33259872,Posted: 4 July,all,Zigba,Surprisingly fun game. I like it more than I thought it would. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,212480,33255152,Posted: 4 July,all,FadelessEVO,"Bought this during the summer sale, with the idea of playing locally with 1-2 friends. Also (accidentally) purchased the older Sonic & Sega All-Stars racing. Only played about 2.5 hours so far, but I will say I am having a great time and enjoying the game. With there obviously being no official Mario Kart on PC, this is easily the next best alternative. The game feels pretty balanced, and the AI/computer racers don't feel overpowered or anything. Drifting is fun, and there is a nice variety between the tracks. Some have air elements, some have water elements, etc. Some of the tracks are even dynamic, as in by lap 3 things have changed (you are flying now vs driving for example), which is cool. Helps keep the game more interesting anyway. For the sale price, I definitely think this is worth it! For it's normal $20 price, I'd say it depends on how much you think you'll play it, but it still is a good game.One negative thing I should mention, is if you own an ultrawide (21:9) monitor like me, you'll find you have to either play in windowed mode, or use a free program available online to fix the game so it plays fullscreen. Otherwise if you select a native ultrawide resolution (2560x1080, 3440x1440) the game will get stuck after playing the intro video (you can still select things, but you can't see anything). Only complaint, but the game wasn't designed for ultrawide monitors, so nothing I can really knock it for."
76561198066301089,Recommended,212480,33316228,Posted: 6 July,all,RAM,Pros:Volume mixer is in game.Cons:♥♥♥♥ Wreck It Ralph<3
,Recommended,212480,33309952,Posted: 6 July,all,NVishifi,Hands down the only choice if your looking for a mariokart style game on pc to play with your pals 10/10
76561198027554418,Recommended,212480,33324511,Posted: 6 July,all,Kapten S N O K,Like mario kart but with more characters and maps.
76561197993858252,Recommended,212480,33283757,Posted: 5 July,all,tgrund2006,This is a very fun game. Well worth paying full price for but its a steal during Steam sales. Don't pass it up!
,Recommended,212480,7940592,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Jeffrey70,It's a very good racer game
,Recommended,212480,21697514,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Zu,Linux support please. It would be great.
76561198090588207,Recommended,212480,21697823,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Tuntz,"Lots of fun, specially with local co-op!"
76561198204690079,Recommended,212480,21788947,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Calamity Blaster,NOICE
,Not Recommended,212480,21821735,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,KrapFTP,This game crash a lotASN_App_PcDx9_Final.exe has stopped working
,Recommended,212480,21755551,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Balthazar,Purchased this by a mistake and it was a happy mistake.
,Recommended,212480,21805545,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Jace,"I was looking for a fun kart game to play with friends. I did put much hope into Sonic All Stars Racing Transformed but damn, did it exceed all expectations. Really brings me back to the days of playing Crash Team Racing!"
,Recommended,212480,21755712,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Black,Awesome!
,Recommended,212480,21760611,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,PrismStar,This is the best kart racing game I've ever played!
,Recommended,212480,21756663,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Hammy,Pretty good
,Recommended,212480,21758303,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Skyebaron,"A great spiritual succesor to Diddy Kong Racing, its the best kart racer for the PC and better than some Mario Karts."
,Recommended,212480,21850344,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Lord N,Prety fun and i like it but the online feature  is pretty much dead... :(
,Recommended,212480,21870547,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,_Hatsumi,Finally Sonic knows driving is faster than running.
76561198036094684,Recommended,212480,21894196,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,RoarShark,"Fun game. Unnecessary title.Let me fix that:Mario Kart featuring Sonic & Crew with Aircrafts, Wow!7/10 hire me marketing division."
76561197974096703,Recommended,212480,18335163,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Distul,"I found it incredibly easy to recommend this game. There are plenty of racers to choose from and a huge assortment of track types. You race on land, water, and in the sky. The abilities are pretty nice, no annoying blue shell. This game best resembles Mario Kart but with a lot more to offer.The only downside is that online play seems to be non-existent. I've never been able to get a match started against online players. Still a great local co-op or vs game."
76561197966743011,Recommended,212480,18392177,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Gen Morph,"When it was announced the sequel to Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing was being made, I knew a dream had been fulfilled. At last, a new incarnation of a title so dear to my pumping heart was coming. I loved the smoothness of the racing in the first game. Of course there were issues but I was confident the sequel would not disappoint. And it proved against that fear in spades. I couldn't get off this game until I had my Triple-Star license. Admittedly, getting familiar with flying and boat racing was a slight hurdle. But the consistency of the first game was there along with the quality of craftsmanship. The difficulty curve is definitely higher than the first, but that's certainly a good thing. It's a different kind of racing game, as uniquely exclusive as they come."
,Recommended,212480,18369074,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Jacob,"Easily the best kart racer of the decade thus far. Fun tracks, deep and interesting movement, balanced items, and a fun cast of characters, there nothing wrong here.That and Vyse is a playable character. That alone makes this a 10/10 game in my book."
76561197990257056,Recommended,212480,18457189,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,ashmael,"With vibrant tracks that change each lap and multiple racing modes (ground, air, water), this is better than Mario Kart."
,Recommended,212480,5374184,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Dex Reinhardt,Most fun I've had with a kart racer since Crash Team Racing.
,Recommended,212480,16582282,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Archangel,"Short Review:A very fun racing game with many of the SEGA characters from various games, from Skies of Arcadia to even Shenmue (the dlc at least). And what makes it fun are definitely the tracks, the various characters' stats, the very good driving and the fact that each track requires you to adapt whenever the car transforms into either a boat or a plane.Overall, if you're in the need of your Mario Kart fill this game will be a good addition to your collection.Avoid if you only like realistic racing games. Or just Mario Kart.Long Review:Before beginning I want to mention one simple thing: I played Mario Kart ONCE, back on the Nintendo64, and that was it: I never took another Mario Kart game since then because they all looked somehow the same and other racing games were either too realistic or just flatout bad (except for another game on the N64). After that, Burnout became my only other racing game that I loved (BTW: Burnout Paradise is awful!). Then I saw this game on discount and the community essentially said that it was worth it. I had spare cash so I gave it a try...and Wow they were not joking about it and to this day I still play this game, even more than Mario Kart.For starters I highly recommend getting a controller for this game: it's possible to play without it but I felt a controller to be the best way to control your vehicle, especially when you need to use items at the right time.With that said, SASRT is essentially a Mario Kart game with SEGA Characters and for those who are Sonic fans will rejoice for more than one reason. The game controls pretty good and most important of all it ""feels"" fast: I have played some other ""kart"" games and this one feels just right in terms of speed, but not so hard to be impossible to control and overall I really felt good while playing the game: speed is right and controls are good, which are important in a driving game like this.However, the main difference with other games is probably the feature of the vehicle transformation, with your car becoming either a boat when on water or a plane when in the air, taking a lot from another kart game on the nintendo64 that was called Diddy Kong Racing, which required you to master 3 vehicles instead of one and this idea stays in this game too, with the three transformations beign extremely different and requiring you to master them in order to finish the race at first place (especially in higher difficulties and in multiplayer).As a result, the tracks tend to change when you race in them, with previous parts becoming flooded or tracks becoming unavailable as soon as you finish, requiring you to swap for the necessary parts (don't worry: it's automatic and you need to pass under certain parts to change). Overall this is a great addition that will make each race very hard to master.But also in the wrong way.I won't lie: this feature made me lose more races than I normally would and this is also a bit of a gamebreaker sometimes: the car driving is pretty good but when you're switching into a boat for a tight section a single mistake can lead you to even turn your boat by 180 degree, potentially losing the race. It's not in every race and overall you're going to be fine, but then there are cases where a sudden transformation can ""screw"" your race at the last moment, resulting in ending at 2nd place and losing the race.On top of that, the AI is extremely cruel: at high levels (I'm currently playing on S) the AI will try to destroy -you- and nobody else and making you feel frustrated because of it. SORRY, but making all the races go against me doesn't make it hard: it makes it unfair and it seems that it's the only way to make a race hard by their standards.Still...I can't deny that I hada  lot of fun playing and losing the races: each track is fun, not too short not too long, and overall It feels good when you use your drift boosts in the proper way. And winning a race is literally the icing on the cake and that sensation of winning is really satisfying (I won't lie, I shouted very loudly sometimes, I was ""that"" happy).In addition the game also has enough variation in terms of challenges: there are drift, boosts, battles and few others. The normal race is still the main feature but there is enough variation to keep you going forward.And overall, this game is still a fun experience: it's hard, sometimes flawed, very unfair in certain parts but I just kept playing: it felt good when I won and whenever I lost I wanted to keep trying ""just one more time"", even if I lost over a dozen of times. So if you're up for the challenge this games is a good addition to your collection of ""kart"" games and beside the lack of people online, the game on single player is already a lot of stuff to complete.Give it a try, especially on discount.PS: Skies of Arcadia forever!"
,Recommended,212480,16506548,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Otters in Space,Drove really fast. Got shot in butt by someone. Crashed and got lost.10/10Would drive around with baseball mitt on bum again.
,Recommended,212480,6217224,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,Kamui-W-,"Super viciante!!! É meio dificil no começo mas, nada que umas partidas não resolvam, graficos bonitos, boa jogabilidade,  e o preço do jogo é justo o/."
76561198069895169,Recommended,212480,16603864,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,meeshathekat,"This a great game, and I hope there is more DLCs (DownLowdible Content) coming soon. The people are fun and the tracks get harder. Some of the things I like is that each person has there own stats and if you don't like there stats you can earn a thing that makes the stats change to make another stat work better. The one problem is that they didn't bring back alot of the unlockables from the  ""Sonic & Sega all-star racing."" Some games that thay should get DLCs from are Fantisy Zone, (Bring back opa opa) and the Valkiria chronicals. Over all, its a grate game."
76561198147303171,Recommended,212480,16611016,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,chessgeek2000,"I really enjoyed this game, it is very similar to Mario, but I think this is a little better. The local co-op is great for when friends come over. The controller support is about the same as any other racing game. There's lots you can do with the game and alot of different game modes. overall I will continue to play and invest my time in this game. 9/10 rating."
,Recommended,212480,6942077,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Battryu,"This is a splendid game if you're looking for some great racing action.With tight controls and alot of different car mods for each character to suit your needs. For anyone who has a greater amount of Sega game experience, this is nowhere near a letdown, and great especially if you're looking for something inbetween a mario kart  to diddykong racing. Stages will bring you through many Sega classics and give you a taste of what those classics were all about.However, I must say, if you plan on participating in online matches, you better make sure you can ace everything in the offline section of the game, as the online world is a league of its own!"
,Recommended,212480,8259094,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Denzel Crocker,GOTTA GO FAST
,Recommended,212480,8259465,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Tybalt,Good
76561198043874627,Recommended,212480,8261320,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Daro Usata,Car. Boat. Plane. Car. People shoot you from afar.
,Recommended,212480,8261661,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,@jamiemgalea,"One of the best racing games of the last decade. Fast, challenging, tonnes of neat fan service...don't let the Sonic name put you off, it's totally worth it."
76561198053497291,Recommended,212480,8262475,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,I'm mike,"If you think this game is for casual gamers you are so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. this game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥they almost called it chuck norris, they revised the title after because it did not give the game the badass ring it deserved. now if you are like me you might be suprised you dont get to play as a transformer. but dont let that discoruge you"
76561198058326392,Recommended,212480,8395128,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,♥Milkshake♥,"Highly reccomendIt's a great game, best kart racer game up to date on PC."
76561198084221314,Recommended,212480,8398502,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,ronald.potter,good game. but need to reset the controls befor playing
,Recommended,212480,8399491,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sharko,Awesome game that everyone should try. Gameplay is awesome as hell
76561198115396761,Recommended,212480,21911029,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,WRIPx,great game so fun awe yea
76561197972782033,Recommended,212480,22035387,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Mr. Fuffcans,"i was pretty hesitant to buy a sonic game, so when i saw that the user reviews were high i gave it a go.and good lord were they right on this one. This is kart racing crack, with a kick♥♥♥♥♥sound track, glorious graphics, smooth controls, and a great transforming gimmick.i will close this by saying if this song doesn't hook you, its because you aren't playing it loud enoughhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wr_k3Un_vDQ"
,Recommended,212480,22212727,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Phunbaba89,"Like mario kart but have no wii u? are you tierd of emulating double dash on your dolphin emulator? meet sonic all stars transformed, tons of memorable sega mascots racing across a wide vareity of tracks, you have local and net multiplayers and for a pc port of a console game its a pretty good one running at nice fps. Pc users have different characters from other versions of this game and i personally belive we lucked out with those that can be dowloaded.8 out of 10 (the pc mans mario kart)"
,Recommended,212480,21998134,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,WendyMaddox,"Awesome game.Mechanics are great, exhilarating arcade racing. The land-air-sea dynamics make each lap different for many tracks.Also a great port. Much better than the previous Sonic All-Star Racing. On my 2010 P-O-S laptop this game runs like butter, while the previous game had issues.This one also has online gameplay and proper achievements. While I really liked the previous game, this one blows that out of the water.Strictly recommend to anyone looking for a great arcade racer."
,Recommended,212480,22148799,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,CAPTAIN FALCON,The definitive arcade/kart-type racer.  Mario Kart 8 is boring in comparison
76561198052725825,Recommended,212480,22173706,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,baby emily,the game is great my only gripe is the lack of first person view it would greatly help other racers like myself who are used to the fimiliarity of driving while only seeing the track and none of the car that you happen to be using overall great game play defininitly worth the money for the replay value alone some challenges are hard but all in all great game ps WE NEED FPV CHOICES
,Recommended,212480,22174291,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,BrownElmo➲,"If You're looking for a game that's similar to the old CTR, This is the new modern oneeeeeeeeeeee! 10/10"
,Recommended,212480,22117578,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,kennyfrommodesto,Excellent application of the Mario Kart formula to the Sega universe.
,Recommended,212480,22159761,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Teague Vox,"Story:-/5It's just pure racing, I can't honestly rate a kart racer for a story but nobody will be playing it for one either.Gameplay & Controls:5/5Assuming you're using a controller the controls suit the hand very well. You're going to find yourself holding shoulder buttons very often for drift boosts and I don't know about you, reader, but for me that helps me get more into what I'm playing because I could be having a very intense race and after a long series of drifting and careful turning I feel like I may have been trying to strangle my controller. In a good way. The weapons buttons feels accessible no matter what maneuvers you're trying to pull off and even if they don't, you can map it to somewhere you feel is more comfortable to you, there isn't anything I can say against it.The gameplay follows what one might call the same old kart racer formula, but honed in to focus on replay value and that's what gave me over 200 hours of game time in it. Between the time trials, high scores hovering in the grand prix corner and competitive play online, if you are of a competitive nature, you're going to be very hard pressed to feel fed up with the game easily.The way the difficulty scales is interesting. The mechanics will change with each increase of the difficulty, somewhat similar to how Mario Kart is doing it these days. Things get faster, AI is more aggressive and if you fall behind you're pretty much doomed. The nice thing about S&ASRT is the extremely annoying rubber banding of items like lightning and blue shells are thankfully absent so if you're deserved a huge gap between you and second place, you're going to get it.Music & Sound:5/5I cannot praise the soundtrack enough, I've listened to the music of the game much much longer than I've even played it which is considerable. If you've played some of the less time-relevant titles like Shinobi and Golden Axe the nostalgia is going to hit you very hard. Each track has a very well done score for it and the sound effects don't default to overpowering the superb music. Though even if they do, you can alter that in the options to your liking.If I had to give one dink to the sound section I would have to say it would go to the announcer since I know some people really hate having to listen to him. I personally don't - I've had him rambling since day one but he's otherwise almost universally muted through the options, which is the only reason I can't really take anything away from it.Visuals:5/5I just want you to know I've agonized over giving 5/5s, it makes me feel fanboy-ish but really, I can't think of a reason to ding this either. The game looks beautiful, each map is a wide-open visual feast even when you're zooming by. Every map has a title-specific theme that also hits you right in the nostalgia. The menus are simple yet refined, the character models are very well animated and textured and the visual effects such as light, shading and water effects are gorgeous, the aesthetics are a real treat.Overall:5/5I want to start off by saying I enjoy this game as a kart racer much more than any Mario Kart. The game looks, sounds and feels amazing and the roster of characters that you can use is incredible! (excluding Yogscast, terrible addition.) I can come back to this game for so many different reasons - either to improve my time trials, to play casually against CPUs, to play casually online, (which I don't often do,) or even just to bask in the ambiance of AiAi squeeing in joy very time you drift boost around Temple Trouble. Segata Sanshiro even has a cameo, I mean come on. This is so much fun, I can't recommend it more."
,Recommended,212480,21927080,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Salty Senpai,"Its a good game. Once you configure the controls that is.When I first got the game for its ""Free"" Weekend, the controls were and still are ****ed upI expected wasd for the main controls. But no it wasn'tStill get the game, but I prefer the console version better. Oh, and make sure you configure the game first"
,Recommended,212480,21942779,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,KhaiJuu,Worth every cent. One of the best games I've played in my life.
,Recommended,212480,7417013,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,'Super Mac,This game is very fun. This is my Mario Kart on PC.
,Recommended,212480,21956397,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,WolverinePride21,This is a fun game! Easy to learn how to use the controls and the levels are fun as well!
,Recommended,212480,9879531,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,hampie,"I have to be Honest, this is probaly one of the best games I have ever played. You can fly Planes, Steer Boats and Cars. This game is  really fun if you like Simulation games and racing games. This is also good because you can see and be some of your Favourite characters like Sonic, Knuckles, Shadow and many more. There is even a DLC for this game that involves the Yogscast! You get to be Simon with a awesome Jet, Car and Boat. I don't know why you shouldn't get this :D"
,Recommended,212480,22518257,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Peter Germain,"Pros-Several characters to level up and unlock (Sonic, Tails, Knuckles, Wreck it Ralph, Team Fortress, BD Joe, Amigo, etc)-Multiple game modes (Grand Prix, Wold Tour, Time Attack, Custom Game, etc)-Not only racing (Boost challenge, driftt challenge, traffic challenge)-Achievements, trading cards, and profile backgrounds-Controller support, but easy to p]lay with keyboard-Single player, local/online multiplayer, all equally funCons-DLCThis game offers hours of fun game play, and is always on sale for $5. It's easily the best kart racer for PC, and you should absolutely get it.9.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,22467065,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mindcrime,Not the best port ever but a fun as hell game. Very fast and amazing graphics!
76561198023197826,Recommended,212480,22460167,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,furl,This game is the definition of fun
,Recommended,212480,20026987,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Falcon,this sonic game is very awesome i love the exclusive characters
,Recommended,212480,20651932,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Dead Charles,"Big disclaimer: this game, beyond local multiplayer, is not for little kids.The racing in this game is fast, fuel-frenzy fun, switching between land, sea and air wherever possible. However, the campaign is literally made by the devil himself and is created with the sole purpose to hurt you. In some respects I'd say it's better than Mariokart, utilising some really nice ""transformation"" mechanics, which shift up gameplay. In others, this game is literally the spawn of the seventh circle and gnaws at your soul with every goddamn retry. Easy mode is easy. Medium mode is pressing but ok. Hard level can GO ♥♥♥♥ ITSELF WHAT THE HELL IF I HAVE TO DO ONE MORE DRIFT CHALLENGE I'M GOING TO ♥♥♥♥ING LOOK UP THE SEGA OFFICE AND10/10."
,Recommended,212480,20669881,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,🦊狐桜花,"If you already liked the Mario Kart games to begin with this is a great purchase. I played Mario Kart extensively at the arcade and on my DS, so I figured I'd like this too. Full Steam integration, including friends list, achievements and voice chat.Despite their claim of ""full controller support"" I needed to use X360CE just to get this game to work with my cheapo generic USB controller. Otherwise no matter how I change the settings in options it wouldn't work in the game itself. That said, if you got an XBox controller or intend to play with keyboard or something, this'll probably work just fine without any third party stuff.I think like most racing and sports games, it's not something I wanna play for hours on end. Which is actually good, because I want it to be a fun game I play during breaks, not something that controls my schedule."
76561198063708798,Recommended,212480,20674348,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MonGaPinG,this game it funny game but it have someone play or notWhy i chouse online mod and create lobby don't have anybody join my Lobby
,Recommended,212480,20640477,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Sluggy The Unshaven,"Looks amazing, even on a barebones laptop. Plays amazingingly, like Mario Kart minus the blue shells. And the tracks are gorgeous - Speed Racer movie gorgeous - even though I've only unlocked the first set. Wish the AI was better at catching up to and the PC exclusive players should be toggled off (except for TF2). But otherwise it's awesome."
,Recommended,212480,20720317,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Timmeh,Great game - especially for £3.74 duing 75% off sale! It works nicely at 720P on an i3 Intel NUC (6th gen) in split screen using Xbox 360 controllers.Only welcomed improvement would be to be able to directly launch from Steam without the mini menu first (i.e. incorporate the settings option in the launch mini menu to actually be in game!)
,Recommended,212480,20724712,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,NewEraDreaming,I bought this game for 62.00 DHS about 20 dollars for americans then the following day it turns 15.50 DHS Man im so fhappy i bought this awesome game then it goes cheaper the next day
,Recommended,212480,20741312,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Bear Fucking Grylls,"This is like Mario Kart, but with Sonic characters... In saying that there is absolutely nothing wrong with that. Good game definitely worth a buy especially if on sale(which it usually is lol)!"
76561198066207336,Recommended,212480,20757048,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,lostpilgrim,Great fun! A mario cart style pc game that you can even play 4 way split screen on if u have 4 controllers. Spot on.
,Recommended,212480,20758958,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Long Dong Swanson,This game is WAY better than any mario cart i have ever played. i play this with 360 controller and its a blast! I heard that keyboard is hard but im not going to find out myself. i love the controlls and the characters. Knuckles is the best i have tryed so far BTW. the maps are fun and i like how they can change when you get to different laps.The ONE problem i would have is that the way you move when using the boat is really hard. If that were to be made smoother instead of the hard controlling that would be great!Thx for making this awesome game!SHOUTOUT TO MY PAL DUNCAN WHO IS A MAJOR SONIC FAN!!!
76561198023634138,Recommended,212480,20688310,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Officer Doofy,Mario Kart for the PC. Maybe even better10/10
,Recommended,212480,20720783,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,LazlowMorphine,"Cant cant say anything bad about this, good variety of tracks/characters, controls and vehicle transformations are smooth. Lots to do in game with world tour and GP, Nice graphics. Easy to pick up but tricky to master. Lots of nostalgia if you grew up a sega fan. 10/10 would waste many hours on this."
,Recommended,212480,20612922,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,EnzoTendrils,Absolutely amazing.  Probably the best cart racer I've played!  The transforming vehicles are not just a gimic and the tracks transform as you play so you have to stay on your toes to win.
76561198049477341,Recommended,212480,20716420,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Kayman90,gg pp
76561197986911919,Recommended,212480,20733332,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,BloodyChicken,"Darker, more chaotic and action packed than Mario Kart. Best racing game I've ever played..Ton of content to be unlocked and many hours to enjoy. Highly recommended at discount price, highly recommended at full price. Either way I'm telling you you won't be disappointed."
76561198197596201,Recommended,212480,20719120,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The Adversary,Gotta go fast.
,Recommended,212480,20748046,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,A First-Class Toaster,"While the thought of Sonic the Hedgehog being in a car remains as one of the most ludicrous ideas formed by man's imagination, the game itself is enjoyably solid.+Beautiful Graphics+Unique and classic casts of characters+Seamless transition from Air, Sea to Land+Responsive and simple controls even with keyboard+Lost of stages to play in+Boosting is important, but no mastery is required to have fun+Split screen Multiplayer+Amazing remixes-Voice lines are just recycled from old games-Barely anyone is online-Optimization issues-Sonic is in a car, Damn it! Who thought that this was a good idea!?Overall rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,212480,20747839,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Big Boss,I will never understand why sonic needs a car.
,Recommended,212480,24635375,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Kotero,"One of the best kart racers I've ever played.The racing and drifting system is very fulfilling and feels amazing when mastered. Tons to unlock and do. A ""World Tour"" mode where you earn Stars through challenges makes up the main game, and is super fun. A lot of great SEGA representation here: Sonic (obviously), NiGHTS, Jet Set Radio, Skies of Arcadia, and much more. Up to four player split-screen in nearly every part of the game. Glitches and physics issues can rarely occur. PC version has many exclusive characters.Highly recommended if you love kart racers, SEGA, or just want a go-to-anytime game that is easy to play, but hard to master."
,Recommended,212480,25261230,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Phr3d13™,This game is a big win for the kids and I. My son loves playing to unlock boards and racers and my daughter loves exploring what he unlocked.
,Recommended,212480,13539458,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Dominator Bob,"Rewards skill over item usage, item system is balanced.These two things can't be said about Mario Kart 8.Therefore, Sonic Racing Transformed > Mario Kart 8."
,Recommended,212480,25152394,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,StrawPaladin915,"This clearly isn't anywhere close toMario Kart, but it damn sure is close.Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformedis similar to many other kart racing games likeMario Kart, andCrash Team Racingin the sense that it's very fun and interesting, yet you still get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at one damn item that can easily send you from 1st to last in the blink of an eye. However, unlikeMario Kart, no matter what position you are in the race, many of the items are fairly balanced to still give you a chance to take back your rightful place in front of the pack.With many unique items and your favorite characters not only from the Sonic franchise, but from many otherSegagames,Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformedis bound to leave you constantly coming back to it even now and then for a few races.Unlike other kart racing games, you aren't just bound behind a steering wheel. You're also able to transform into a boat or a plane for more of a unique style to kart racing. It also allows for a single player experience with some challenges like:DriftingBoostingFlying Through RingsOf course, everyone loves playing racing games with friends. With multiplayer, you can either play local or online in a variety of game modes. In local play, you can also do the Single Player challenges with a friend if you happen to get stuck on a challenge.Pros and ConsProsConsLocal and Online playNo kart customizationUnique challenges in Single PlayerSmall minor bugs (invisible barriers while in kart)Different multiplayer game modesOverall, the game is solid. Amazing gameplay and well worth the $21.99.8.5/10"
76561198095634040,Recommended,212480,25174351,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Gordikk,"If you always wanted that amazing sequel to Diddy Kong Racing that never came, it's right here.If you want one of the hardest kart racers ever, the Dark Souls of kart racing, it's right here.If you love tight controls, great video game nostalgia and just plain fun, it's right here.BUY BUY BUY!!!"
,Recommended,212480,25222293,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,AllBase,"If you're looking for a PC Karting game in the same vein as Mario Kart, you've come to the right place.Some are even arguing that it's better than Mario Kart... and I think I agree with them."
,Recommended,212480,14002014,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,EnragedNeedlemouse,"Fantastic game. Personally, my favorite racing game given how much variety is in it."
76561198071719139,Recommended,212480,6660706,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Zombie,Buy this game! For $7.50 It's epic!
,Recommended,212480,24967172,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,i_porter,"It's the one of the best kart racing games ever. Stunning graphics , fancy abilities , challenging gamplay , very balance characters.Although it is not as good as the pervious one , it is quite enjoyable that I never get tired playing this. If you prefer online multiplayer , go get Transformed ; If you dont care, get SASR"
,Recommended,212480,24324314,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Asbjørn,"I tried this game for the first time on Monday, and ever since there hasn't been one boring second while playing it. I completed the World Tour in a couple of (lengthy) sessions, and what I can tell you is that this game is FUN. AI is hard but you'll get used to it when you improve and become a better racer. There are several 'race challenges' you can do, but the 'original' gamemode is racing with weapons and boost-pickups. After you complete the World Tour, you'll unlock a 4th difficulty. It might look like an impossible task if you're struggling on medium difficulty, which is - quite hard, but to be honest with you, I didn't notice too much of a difference.The first 15 hours are extremely addictive and will keep you hooked if you love racers. I recommend playing with a Xbox 360 controller, which is what I do. If you're just looking for quick fun, grab this classic NOW!"
,Recommended,212480,4860462,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Narsuaq,"1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectorsI whole-heartedly recommend this game. Don't be put off by the fact that it's a Sonic game, this one is actually very enjoyable, fast and fun. It also comes with an array of content and I believe it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,212480,20690211,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Wacko,Just bought this game on sale. I always wanted a good kart racer on PC and didn't know we had one. Just played a few races and I'm impressed. The graphics and music are great and it's charming. It filled the kart racing gap. It's kinda like Mario Kart 8 but with proper AA. This is one of the fun console style games but it's on PC and you will have a blast racing against friends. Works great with the Steam Controller and looks fantastic in 4K 60fps on IPS.
,Recommended,212480,12019484,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,"Ritsuko Akizuki, Queen of Games","It would be overdone to say that this is done like something that has been done, but it would not be overdone to say that that when it's done this time, it outdoes that which has been done."
,Recommended,212480,25434763,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,icydec,tf2 charectors are wrong voice actors they didn't even need new words just rip some from tf2but other than that it's a fun game
76561198142738072,Recommended,212480,25373997,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,MiStABuBoNiC,Great game if you wish to waste some time. I suggest playing with a controller rather than a keyboard.
76561198027578318,Recommended,212480,25300188,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,fc.solonimbus,"Similar in concept and gameplay to mario kart, except it contains a strange combination of characters from different series. Many design choices seem rushed, mostly the items and vehicles.I honestly bought this game as a joke to laugh at and hate, but then I liked it."
,Recommended,212480,660262,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Tidy,Fun game shame no1 plays it online for the pc ! >.< !
76561198030404344,Recommended,212480,17101572,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,SneakyBeat,It's way better then any Mario Kart except for the spotty net code but there's tons of Single Player content to make up for it.
76561198051206399,Recommended,212480,13305613,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Parker4815,"A brilliant challenging game to play whether on your own or with friends. Additional controller support in-game would have been helpful though. The announcer is spot on and gives it the true arcade machine sense to it. At the time of writing, 21 hours on record but it really does feel like a lot more!"
,Recommended,212480,13409843,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,sexformemes,Driving through a track that is slowly changing around you and suddenly you are a flying car!The race tracks in this racing game are immersive and sometimes put you on edge. Your car adapts to the surroundings and changes into either a boat or flying car. Great soundtrack and details put into the tracks are beautiful.The only racing game that can compete with with Mario Kart 8 IMO.
,Recommended,212480,13345882,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Qu!xylvre,"Some might consider this to be blasphemy, but I think this game is better than Mario-Kart! It's managed to level the playing field without resorting to the ""Blue Shell"", and it's a LOT of fun to play! Be warned: it IS addictive!"
,Recommended,212480,6969255,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,sydney_world,Good old fashioned Sonic racing. With much of improvements and PC optimization.
,Recommended,212480,19893015,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,iWif | Insomツ,It's like Mario Kart and Diddy Kong's Racing had a baby... and the baby turned out awesome.
,Recommended,212480,19981221,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Markus,great fun racer
,Recommended,212480,19996444,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Thrusty Anus Buster,"I used to have this game on Wii U a couple years ago, and sold it to get the PC version because no one was online anymore in the Wii U version. Plus, the PC version had some more stuff, and I never did, and I really regret it because I miss this game. Well, now that it's on sale, I might as well get myself a steam card and get it! Let's just hope it'll run on this crappy computer."
,Recommended,212480,19942184,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Postmodern Memes,"Sega set out to make mario kartand they made something better, with more game modes, a more interesting and unique cast of characters, and far better graphics and visual design.Also, this one's on steamTHE kart racer to buy for your pc"
,Recommended,212480,7120012,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Gromit,"Naturally will get compared to Mario Kart. If any character has a legitimate right  to contest Mario's crown in this department, then surely it;s Sonic.The game is a lot of fun. If you vaguely like the idea of an arcade racer, then you SHOULD like this. I found it charming, well presented, and has a lot of content to keep you busy.Controller compatible and you can play local split screen as well as online."
,Recommended,212480,19921113,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,FATbaron,Best racing game in existance.
,Recommended,212480,19920997,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Wagnelles,Congratulations! You justturned ondeveloped the awesome!
,Recommended,212480,19922427,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Brock Sampson,fun enough adults will enjoy it.
,Recommended,212480,21390728,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,dmvagos,"Being an all-time Mario Kart fan myself, I found this little gem to be very fun. It has a good selection of racers, a very decent weapon-set and the gameplay is smooth and rewarding. With a little practice you can master the basics and can unlock most of the content. It takes a bit more effort to get all the drivers and the higher rewards are tricky to get (still trying myself). Gamepad extremely recommended!"
,Recommended,212480,21193835,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Somberlain,We keep this♥♥♥♥♥♥300 ♥♥♥♥♥. ♥♥♥♥in three hunnna
,Recommended,212480,21535251,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Kellera,"Such a fun racing game, a good alternative for Mario Kart (Since Mario Kart is only for Nintendo Systems).. Great to play this with a group of friends!"
,Recommended,212480,21253791,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,A White Guy,A superior Mario Kart clone that brings the nostalgia of Sega's former glory to your screen.
76561198025515349,Recommended,212480,21266076,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Caveman,"Increidbly fun yet challenging, and the fact that it's sonic means you can't take it seriously, which is fun."
76561197980901844,Recommended,212480,880329,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Argamas,"If you've been looking for a good kart racing game on PC, this is it! It has everything such a game requires : local multiplayer action with split screen, many characters to unlock, great weapons that can quickly change the outcome of a race, battle mode, online multiplayer, drift + turbos,  and more!"
76561198011994485,Recommended,212480,21183791,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,lkesmarki,"I had a little issues with the controller configuration, make sure you have all controllers set up before launching the configuration app. Apart from that it is the best kart racer I have ever had."
,Recommended,212480,21204081,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Olitrax,"Indeed super cool game, coop campaign and the MarioKart alike action make it worthy, however it is quite disappointing that Steam Controllers are messing the game up. 4 Players for example can use 4 Steam Controllers OR ANY 4 controllers/input methods that are NOT a steam controller - but that might be a point against the controller itself. Besides the total oldschool configuration window (which does it's job) it is a really cool game, KEEP COUCH COOP ALIVE!"
,Recommended,212480,21207895,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,LEGODave,"Fantastic kart racer. Having played MK8 this is up there in terms of gameplay, fun and quality."
,Recommended,212480,21230397,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Brottochstraff,"Its challenging in all the right ways. Always lets you progress, but never lets you slack off. Which more poeple were playing online!"
,Recommended,212480,21333720,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Gachifag,"oh my god why i didn't buy this game when this was a thing, this game really fun totally worth a shot"
76561198141478731,Recommended,212480,21944996,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,rainrubies,"The level of creativity and imagination in the track design is astonishing, and the overall presentation and music is the cherry on the cake. This is a remarkably good game."
76561198064831780,Recommended,212480,21934521,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,jvahle3,Buy game play game come race its great
76561198002903848,Recommended,212480,21918666,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mixlord,"Very entertaining kart game. Arguably better than even the king of these kind of games that is the Mario kart series.  The first Sega racing was also very fun, but it was somewhat of a clone of Mario kart, This game however is somewhat more original  with its own identity. New Items, no blue shells instead you  get to scream NOT THE BEES."
,Recommended,212480,21854566,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,저스틴,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is fun. Probably the closest i can get to Mario Kart on PC
,Recommended,212480,21843139,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Sorroh,"Great game,  I recommend playing this with a controller tho. But this game is still fun, but the Online matchmaking is pretty much dead... :/"
,Recommended,212480,28111498,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,FOXLIGHTNING21,Better than Mario Kart.
,Recommended,212480,28361495,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Screwbles,"Freaking Amazing.  You've read the other reviews, it's a ton of fun, and is one of, if not the best kart game in existance.It's also very split-screen friendly allowing you to get your homies together and play pretty much any mode you want to, including the campaign.**Note: played nearly 100% game on console**"
,Recommended,212480,30941238,Posted: 4 April,all,HudsonV11,Really Nice game. PC version of MarioKart
,Recommended,212480,30954372,Posted: 4 April,all,StrikerGames,"Esse game é simplesmente o que eu procurava! A ultima vez que vi mecânicas assim foi em Hot Wheels Extreme Racing e Diddy kong racing. Ele engloba vários aspectos desses jogos, porém num universo incrivel, não só da SEGA, mas também de outros franquias. Acredita, tem até o Ralph? (Detona Ralph/Break it Ralph).É emocionante, desafiador, tem multiplayer com várias pessoas jogando, oferece suporte a controles (Uso um FEIR Smash Amarelo e fica tudo OK) e é um jogo simplesmente nostalgico. Gostaria de compartilhar meus primeiros momentos em jogo que vi um mapa do game Golden Axe com uma musica remasterizada, cara, isso simplesmente me arrepiou todo, alem disso comecei assoviar a musica em quanto jogava, falando ""Nossa, isso é incrivel, eu procurava algo assim"". Estava a horas em gameplay, novamente, é fantástico. Você ver seu veiculo se transformando em um barco ou até mesmo um avião e depois retornando a forma de carro, dando drifts longos, explodindo os inimigos com power ups, é uma sensação sem outra. Tem uma lista boa de personagens que vão desde Sonic, Knucles, Tails, Alex Kidd, a General Winter, Ulala, Beat de Jet Set radio e mais um dezena, se não mais.Se você leu essa review e pensa em comprar esse jogo, vá fundo, compre, será um dinheiro muito bem investido e garanto que você vai gostar assim como eu gostei."
,Recommended,212480,27771922,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Scawn,"This game is one of the best kart racers on pc and here is why, the game is very mario kart esque without the waggletastic controls of using a wiimote and with lots of power ups and power slides. I will mention now this game should be played with a controller I would strongly recommend it.The Game features A whole bunch of charcters some from sonic and sega and then a bunch from all over the place they really went hard on the all star title. Some of characters included are just really random we have characters like; Wreck it ralph, Shogun, TF2, general winter even football manager gets out his car that turns into a giant football. Every character's car features different stats including speed, handling, accerlation, boost and all star (this is a powerup you can get similar to bullet bill in mario kart how good their ""ultimate"" ability is,) and these can be changed with mods such as a balanced mod or a speed mod to increase the speed and reduce another stat. Quite a few characters are unlocked by playing through the career mode, you do this by earning stars the higher the difficulty the higher the payout and then using these to purchase new characters. The game features tons of different game modes from races to drifiting events to a battle mode the career mode features plenty of races and is overall great.All the maps feel fun and are flavoured with diffrent sonic and sega locations with a great soundtrack, if you love battle kart racers I would definitely recommend give this one a try."
,Recommended,212480,11397444,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Bepki,This game is SOOOOOOOO FUN! Great for all ages. Shoot I am 18 and still playing it.
,Recommended,212480,27751834,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Oso Alex,Needs a sequel or expand the roster!
76561198046744603,Recommended,212480,30952083,Posted: 4 April,all,bugsplat1,Fun shoot or be shot racing game with tons of contain.
,Recommended,212480,30953006,Posted: 4 April,all,Dubzenn | marketplace.tf,Only bought it for tf2Worth 30$ for the whole bundle
,Recommended,212480,21852202,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Fantastick,better than mario kart
76561197980804932,Recommended,212480,876877,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,NiGHTS,16.5/20
,Recommended,212480,777861,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,AngryK1d,Best PC Kart Racer out there! (except Wacky Wheels)
,Recommended,212480,6173553,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Makuta,"AWESOME ! ! !Собрали всех любимых персонажей SEGA.Замечательная игровая динамика.Бесподобно,словами не передать.Лучше один раз поиграть,чем сотни раз посмотреть,прочитать или услышать!"
,Recommended,212480,8316464,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Booigi,"Best racing game on Steam. It is also for other systems, not so sure if it is the best racing game on them though. But I'm sure it's up there, considering it's more than just racing. It's racing Transformed."
,Recommended,212480,8316530,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,J-Pesos,"Quite honestly the most unique arcade racer in recent gaming history. Encourages development of skill in order to maximize lap time, and has a nicely balanced array of items. Investment in your favorite racers is rewarded accordingly, with plenty of achievements to keep pushing you forward in your career. FULL compatibility for split screen and network play is a huge plus. Definitely recommend a controller. Most fun I've had racing in a long time."
76561198076703522,Recommended,212480,8317517,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Blaze_127,"I recomend this for @Hotfridge, @Hayas, @Dylemus and @Doofusmonkey"
,Recommended,212480,8319020,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,MattyBoy,"Well balanced, great maps, DLC kinda sucks but overall a great PC kart racer totally worth the $20"
76561198080078152,Recommended,212480,8320472,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,darksonic117,love this game
76561198193313443,Recommended,212480,28727042,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sanoku,"I really do enjoy this game. It's litteraly Mario Kart but with sonic. AND ITS on PC! What more could you want!Really, buy this game. i would wait untill a sale first but overall its a vrery addictive game. I played the first game on my old handheld DS and i loved it. Glad i bought this wonderfull game."
,Recommended,212480,30982748,Posted: 6 April,all,xenon,Bought this because there's no Mario Kart on Steam..still fun though
,Recommended,212480,28696103,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Khunty,"10/10 so far, awesome multiplayer splitscreen on PC."
,Recommended,212480,28733442,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Insight,"All I can say is that this game did not get a overall rating of 95% for nothing. I played the game demo on the Wii U and got it when the Sonic Game Collection went on sale last march. Even if I payed 9 more dollars for games I did not play frequently, this game alone made it worth the 27 dollar price of the bundle. While it (and the other sonic games) do not support Linux, I had more than enough fun playing this game on airplane rides and even on my Steam Link playing with other friends. While this may be expected, I could never get into a online match due to ther lack of players. I highly recommend this game, especially if you got a steam link that you want to buy a game for with good joystick and local multiplayer support.Overall:8.5/10"
,Recommended,212480,28664320,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,DerpyPotato,"The best car racing game I've played.The game mechanics are almost flawless and reward skilled players and there's a variety of game modes. Though what I specifically like about this game is the map design, much better than Mario Kart or any game of this genre, the maps are very well designed and look stunning."
76561198051681318,Recommended,212480,28612154,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Shahpur53,"One of the best kart style arcade racing games available for PC. Nice graphics, polished and solid gameplay mechanics and amazing replay value. A blast to play with friends, family or on your own. For those who are looking for an updated Crash Team Racing, Diddy Kong Racing or Mario Kart for the PC, this is most certainly the game to buy! (9/10)"
,Recommended,212480,28672295,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Kev,This game is awesome it reminds me of diddy kong racing on the n64.
76561198071351089,Recommended,212480,28209340,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,f1avio,"It's probably tied into mario kart as the best kart racer around. Shame that SEGA never did a follow-up in the last 4 years.Still, there are some things that could be improved on, like the flight stages, and the character selection could be more diverse."
,Recommended,212480,27536577,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,SG.marcolaxz,good game
76561198026375258,Recommended,212480,27534073,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AJDUTCH,Love this game. Played it the first time a couple years ago. Essentially Mario Cart but with Sonic and a lot more crazy awesome stuff. Definatly recommend a try. b.t.w NiGHTS owns everything!
,Recommended,212480,27569774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TheSingular,10/10 Would blast off again.
,Recommended,212480,27085141,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Essigzitrone,"Well-balanced, addictive, fun, challenging!"
,Recommended,212480,27158853,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,laserchalk,It's a really good kart racing game.
,Recommended,212480,27258075,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,beef5layer,The best game to turn down the announcer's volume to.
,Recommended,212480,31646429,Posted: 9 May,all,Blondy Elephant,This game is like freaking Mario Kart but damn it is awesome game especially if you like Mario KartWould recommend this game 10/10 and I would rate it 5/7
,Recommended,212480,31649146,Posted: 9 May,all,Reap,"Very cool racing game rip off of Mario Cart. Mario Cart is obviously nintendo only so its good that they could share the wealth with this game with alt characters. Plays well for kids.Me personally, I can take or leave the game but its a nice filler for multiplayer."
,Recommended,212480,31681879,Posted: 11 May,all,DBD| UrMom,"This game is the high point of the whole Sonic franchise, and it's not even a main Sonic game. Just some racing spin-off. Beat that, Mario! WelcomeToTheNextLevel"
76561198094579192,Recommended,212480,13191412,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Don Corto,Really fun game with pretty good controls for being a Pc racer.  Many Pc racers try and fail with the controls but this game gets it right.  I love racing with characters from sonic and other popular games.  It is plenty of fun and it has multiplayer so there is more fun to be had when racing. 6.5/10
76561198072872199,Recommended,212480,31717254,Posted: 12 May,all,mala,really nice racing for kids
76561197969933315,Recommended,212480,31736834,Posted: 13 May,all,BANG!,10/10 playing this game is not only a treat but it's an honor and a privilege. No memes
,Recommended,212480,32190471,Posted: 4 June,all,FrozenBulb,"I prefer the original ""non-transformed"" version, but this one is alright.Edit:I was referring to the SONIC & SEGA All-Stars Racing."
76561198305578980,Recommended,212480,32167897,Posted: 3 June,all,darpoirier,"Highly addicting, fun racing game."
76561197995894557,Recommended,212480,20881478,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Adder,"Great family friendly fame. Menu navigation is a bit confusing, but game is very fun to play and you can learn a trick or two every week."
76561198159117563,Recommended,212480,28807448,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,BizarroPete,"This is a very fun arcade type racing game. It offers several different characters to choose from, each with their own characteristics. I haven’t played multiplayer, but there are plenty of tracks, and single player challenges to keep me occupied. If you have any affection for Sega’s characters/games then you’ll appreciate the track design, and the remixed music."
,Recommended,212480,29711980,Posted: 4 February,all,G1 VapeKing.co.za,One of the best racing games of all of time. If you having a lan and enjoy mario kart styled racers then this the game for you. Tons of fun right here.
,Recommended,212480,29647804,Posted: 2 February,all,LYNCHKING,I played and then i played and then i played and then I threw a rocket at my childhood hero/ zero Alex the Kidd
,Recommended,212480,29833693,Posted: 10 February,all,BRETT RIVERBOAT,"Great game, even better online. Shame about the dwindling online community."
,Recommended,212480,30930404,Posted: 3 April,all,Cyri,Possibly the hardest racer ever. And I love it.
,Recommended,212480,29992560,Posted: 17 February,all,Fatohau,Tons of tracks.Tracks change during the Race.Ridiculous amount of shortcuts and secrets to find.Good amount of character choice including some of the more obscure Sega classics.Great controls.Drifting feels good.Money well spent.
,Recommended,212480,28856655,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,lofian,nice racing game
,Recommended,212480,28946328,Posted: 2 January,all,Blake9600,"I remember playing this for free years ago, it was fun."
,Recommended,212480,28926758,Posted: 1 January,all,[G-MAN2][bodenebas]Billy Maize,very fun and educational
,Recommended,212480,14042305,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,GhostFry,its fun but you will get bored of it fast
,Recommended,212480,1563421,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Athens,da bess kart racer of all time
,Recommended,212480,29110779,Posted: 8 January,all,CookieCrumbz,"My god this game is so good. I was looking for a game similar to Mario Kart that I could play on my PC with my friends locally. I saw this on a list and decided to try it. The game play is so fluid, clean, and very addictive. There are so many game modes and styles of playing that I feel like this is the only racing game I will ever need for a while. I love that flying, driving, and boating(?) are all combined in one game to really test your abilities."
76561198022075571,Recommended,212480,8400720,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tarcus,Reminded me of all the console kart racing games over the decade particularly Mario Kart. Nostalgia aside its fun and entertaining game suitable for all ages. The AI does offer a reasonable challenge at higher difficulties as well.
,Recommended,212480,28772021,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,jcub,if you have a few friends to play it with this is by far one of my favorite time-killing games to play.  it was worth every penny.
,Recommended,212480,28769632,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,paulaocdm,This is amazing. If you like this genre you will most certainly enjoy this.
,Recommended,212480,1717135,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Karrabba,Mario Kart can suck it.
,Recommended,212480,31022506,Posted: 8 April,all,NinjaOfWar24,"Come on run away, you don't have to stayWe're nearly out of time but you're doing fineSo stay on track and don't look backJust feel the paceCome on now RACE!!Everybody's Super Sonic Racing, try to keep your feet right on the groundWhen you're Super Sonic Racing there's no time to look aroundWe're just Super Sonic Racing, running to the point of no returnEverybody's Super Sonic Racing, come on let the fire burnEverybody, everybody, everybodyEverybody, everybody, everybodyEverybody, everybody, everybodyEverybody, everybody...Everybody's Super Sonic Racing, try to keep your feet right on the groundWhen you're Super Sonic Racing there's no time to look aroundWe're just Super Sonic Racing, running to the point of no returnEverybody's Super Sonic Racing, come on let the fire burnDon't you know that we really have to goTo a place where you can feel my heart just raceEverybody's Super Sonic Racing, try to keep your feet right on the groundWhen you're Super Sonic Racing there's no time to look aroundWe're just Super Sonic Racing, running to the point of no returnEverybody's Super Sonic Racing, come on let the fire burn"
,Recommended,212480,29782353,Posted: 8 February,all,TheRealTNT,Great game.  Good variety and lots of fun.
,Recommended,212480,29797482,Posted: 9 February,all,Seraph,"Get a controller, sit back relax and enjoy this game"
,Recommended,212480,28183652,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,CoryOp,"This is one of the best games in my Steam Library.I was looking for a Mario Kart alternative for PC and I've found it! This game is even better. My friends and I will gather 'round the TV with controllers and have an absolute blast.The gameplay is surprisingly good! The items are balanced. The tracks are fun, beautiful and challenging. The characters are varied and there are tons of them. Seriously can't rate this game highly enough."
,Recommended,212480,1034486,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Kajae,"Better than Mario Kart in every way. Really fun racing game. If you're a big Sega fan, you'll be delighted at all the different levels and characters from various Sega franchises. They add a nice variation of modes instead of normal racing. There's drift challenges, boost challenges, battle races (where everyone can only take 3 hits), traffic challenges (dodge a crap ton of cars), and even a mode where you chase and shoot missiles at a tank! It even has local multiplayer as well as online!"
76561198273119422,Recommended,212480,28799053,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SamoBomb,"Its a good game, except It needs more tracks, characters, and it really badly need a huge improvement to the settings menu and some better optimization on the mexican track. My pc Isn't running at full usage but still the game drops to sometimes less than 40 fps. When i'm playing 4 player the game has lots of frame drops, (understandable because for the most part my pc is running at full usage, but a better settings menu would be able to keep the consistent 60fps)"
,Recommended,212480,8125192,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,luisacp,"We, pc gamers, always wanted a decent Mario Kart. Well, this is it. Sonic All Star Racing Transformed not just equals any Mario Kart, in my opinion surpasses it. Is got Everything. Nice control, great graphics, good price, good multiplayer and SEGA.Buy it , you wont regret it."
,Recommended,212480,6963055,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Gammag33k,Fun game! FZero-esque
,Recommended,212480,29200276,Posted: 12 January,all,Revolting Slob,"A really good arcade-style racing game made even better with friends. There's also online matchmaking, and plenty of solo content."
76561198123154444,Recommended,212480,13553746,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,weirdo gamer 99,after getting a new setup the game runs fine and i really like the levels charictors and music it is worth the money and i am happy with the game although at least with a keyboard it seems to intentionally turn the controls off so you will lose especially on the snaking skies ring race so you will honestly need a xbox 360/xbone/pc controller to have a chance of playing this
,Recommended,212480,31008027,Posted: 7 April,all,MisterCrabman,"Mario Kart 8 and this one here are my favorite racing games... and also Flatout 2 of course.It is fun and it is worth the money... go go guys, send your money to Steam!"
76561198195472414,Recommended,212480,30115585,Posted: 23 February,all,SheriffGamer,"Heyyyyy, thats pretty good!"
76561198041130973,Recommended,212480,30117203,Posted: 23 February,all,Comander555666,"Mario Kart for PC, really nice!"
,Recommended,212480,30114912,Posted: 23 February,all,mickschen,"Oh Yes !! Thats It, forgot Mario Card 8 or something else, Sonic & AllStars Racing Transformed is the best Fun-Racer atm !! Everytime you still has an online match and its pure action :)SEEEEEGAAAAAAAAA !!!!"
,Recommended,212480,30122618,Posted: 23 February,all,NightFox,i love this game so much! i cant stop playing it
,Recommended,212480,30022526,Posted: 18 February,all,Zverd,Greatest game of all time.Sega does what Nintendont.
76561198082339376,Recommended,212480,30000266,Posted: 17 February,all,Hungry Jack,"Frankly my expectations were so low about this game but this is the best Mario Kart clone. If you miss the MK, you will love it."
,Recommended,212480,32292544,Posted: 9 June,all,TheUberElite,This is suprisingly a solid game from SEGA. Its a good cart racer for what its worth. The music is good takes tracks from some of the most prominent SEGA games and remakes them or just plain puts them in the game. You have a good selection of a cast to choose from and the game is basically dirt cheap on sales- so if you and soem friends want another cart racer to play check this one out!. 7/10
,Recommended,212480,32267633,Posted: 8 June,all,khristian4444,"This game is very fun, and the contorls work well, and challlange is fun, there few isusse the strunt trigger was off at time cliaming i falied, when did stunt above the ground. The items work, but few like rc done  did hit the other racers in flying mode unless I was really colse. The heading model was great but there was few tracks that was to tight or narrow,"
,Recommended,212480,32349473,Posted: 11 June,all,AndrogynousJack,Great co-op racing game to play with friends. Creative and innovative mechanics for an arcade racing game. This is basically the Mario Kart equivalent of Sega! Plus it's available on PC!
76561198067326161,Recommended,212480,27834935,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Grunfox,Suprisingly a lot of fun
76561198115675170,Recommended,212480,32655230,Posted: 22 June,all,Dr.Fluff,gad zooks
76561198179632939,Recommended,212480,32788746,Posted: 25 June,all,slotteja,mario kart for the pc. nuff' said.
,Recommended,212480,32816679,Posted: 26 June,all,BitterByte,"Although i wish they only used Sega characters this game is amazing,Endless hours of fun and great racing tracks, i deffinitly reccomend this to any sonicor racing game fan.(It even works on my horribly old computer)"
76561198059697244,Not Recommended,212480,32795420,Posted: 25 June,all,Blueman8305,"As a Kart Racer, this game is Difficult if you just come from the world of Mario Kart on 50CC's and the like. Beginners best go looking for some other Kart Racer, cause this will test your skills to the limit. But, If you can look past that, and the admittedly pretty crappy amount of Advertising/Non-Sega Characters (Danica Patrick, Team Fortress, A Football Manager??), Then you may find yourself having a bit of fun. But i cant reccomend it for several reasons.First of all, as i mentioned, the Non-Sega Characters. The Title isnt a Mis-type, This is Sonic & All-Stars. Not Sega All Stars. So, Anything goes. Though, it may of just been me, but often times, ive found Team Fortress and Williamus from Non-sega games to get leaps ahead of every other CPU playing as someone else. Often, Sega characters would be lagging in 5th-10th place, while the Non-sega characters would be about head to head on 4th to 1st. Even me, who try as i might to play the game with Metal Sonic, Had to resign to Danica Patrick, due to how much better she was.And the 'Transforming' aspect is the pits. Basically, at some points during the race, the Track will Change shape and form, and cause you to go into the Water for some Boating, or into the air for some Plane-Driving. Often times i found these controls to be a bit wonky, as the Boat and Plane feel infinately slower than the car mode. Often, the best stages are the ones where you just stay in your car for the most part.Difficulty is the most wonky thing about this game. Me, As someone who played the ever loving heck out of the first Sega Allstars Racing game, Among with many other Kart Racers, was having incredible difficulty getting ahead in the Medium-difficulty levels.As for Positives. Well, the game certainly looks nice, with excellent shaders and the Tracks are all incredibly unique. Though, some of the Character models look a little...Off. Especially humanoid characters like Beat or Danica Patrick. The Sound Design is fine, some of the track's have some really good OST's, But, Some of the characters voice dialouge's sound like there either recycled, or done by someone trying to imitate the original voice actors. Especially obvious on Team Fortress.If your going to play this game, I reccomend that you look at the First Sonic & SEGA All-Stars Racing game, before this one, as its alot easier to understand, and everything feels more fair. 6/10."
,Recommended,212480,32783891,Posted: 25 June,all,Bug Fucker GT,"Don't be fooled by first impressions - if you're like me and most people I know, you'll assume this is just Sega trying to cash in on the success of Mario Kart with a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kart racer and some Sega characters. And maybe the first game was just that, but this sequel is certainly a lot more solid than you might expect.First of all, the game feels great. Every transformation feels distinct, but control similarly enough that it never feels too jarring - planes take a while to get the hang of, but even when you first start flying you'll never find it too difficult to handle. Drifting is satisfying - rather than snaking to get constant small boosts, you're able to change direction whilst still retaining your boost so that you can charge it up to a higher level, and it always feels great to chain a drift through a couple of turns and blast out the other side with a level 3 boost.The tracks are definitely worth mentioning as well, since every track looks as unique and fantastic as they feel. Very few of the tracks feel conventional in the slightest, as the layout of almost every track changes as you race, with some doing so more than others - the very first circuit on the world tour drops down into the ocean below on the final lap, and there are circuits that are almost completely different on each lap. Don't think this makes them all feel gimmicky though; it simply means you need to pay a little more attention to where you're going and what paths to take, and it's not too difficult to memorize how each level changes. And on top of all of that, each one has its own soundtrack which is absolutely fantastic.You progress through the game and unlock new stages and characters by going through the aforementioned world tour, and that's a good opportunity to mention how much variety there is in the gameplay itself. It's not just simple racing, no; there's a lot of different modes that the game gets you to play, from battle races where you have to survive and take out your opponents with powerups, checkpoint trials where you only lose time if you're not boosting, and even a mode where you have to chase and destroy a tank whilst avoiding the mines, missiles, and walls it sends your way. That's far from all of them, but you can still see how much effort they've put into keeping the game feel fresh as you progress. Aside from that, you can also spend your time leveling up the different characters to earn 'mods' for them that change their different stats, so if you don't like how your favorite character drives then there's a good chance you'll unlock a mod to help with that.Most of the issues I have with the game are small - the voice acting is poor and can get slightly irritating, stunts can sometimes feel inconsistent (I often get a failed stunt and get slowed down even though it looked like I had already gone over a jump), and the weapon variety doesn't hold a candle to other games (with 4 of the 10 powerups being a projectile you shoot forward, three projectiles you shoot forward, a slower guided projectile you shoot forward, and a mine you can also use as a projectile you shoot forward). But, like I said, those are small issues, and as an overall package the game is fantastic. I wholly recommend this to just about anyone who wants to play a good kart racer, even if you're not a Sega fan.(Note that I haven't played the online portion of the game at the time of writing - I will update this review if it brings up any new pros or cons when I get around to it)"
76561198275684156,Recommended,212480,32775805,Posted: 25 June,all,juicy.dangler,"Barely played an hour but I absolutely love this game. Phenomenal controls, spectacular arcade-style visuals and it's just the most enjoyable racing game I've ever played. Yes, more so than MK which I've always had a soft spot for.Can't recommend highly enough."
,Recommended,212480,32707570,Posted: 23 June,all,Padtrick695,"This game is really an eye candy, sometimes u get shiver just by looking the atmosphere..very recommended :)"
,Recommended,212480,32710051,Posted: 23 June,all,pilgrimsoft,"I reccomend this game for anyone whom owns a controller. I could not control it without one and, what do you know, I don't own one."
,Recommended,212480,32731368,Posted: 24 June,all,captgalen,Mario Kart for PC! Very good but need to turn on Flight Assist on options to make it easier for kids and casual gamers.  Can play two players in one pc!
,Recommended,212480,32741397,Posted: 24 June,all,Zeon M.D.,Thought this game wasnt gonna be that good. im actually quite impressed. 10/10
76561197967467080,Recommended,212480,32811831,Posted: 26 June,all,ironfiek,3 hours of play in and it gets a thumbs up from the 6 year old. It seems to be quite kind to younger players and will let them past levels after about 3 failures.
,Recommended,212480,32849613,Posted: 27 June,all,Vulus,"This is designed for console experience. My XBOX One controller work like a charm, can force feedback. If you dont have gamepad, think twice before buy.in my language:Ini game berasa main console. joystikku bisa getar om :* . kalo om belum punya joystik, mending pikir 2x dulu sebelum beli."
76561197978573635,Recommended,212480,32865765,Posted: 27 June,all,Paladin [RSR],Mariocart for PC YAY!
,Recommended,212480,32914448,Posted: 27 June,all,-={K-O-R-U-N}=-,The best game after Mario Kart 64 and CTR!
,Recommended,212480,30332226,Posted: 5 March,all,ChiasPet,"Just an incredibly solid Kart racer, with pretty much everything you would ask from a modern kart racer. Online works well and there are always people playing and the game controls extremely well. Most of the tracks are pretty cool (that billy hatcher level sucks), and the roster is so ridiculous and obscure that I can't help but level (I don't know who General Winter is but seeing him race against AiAi, Sonic, Danica Patrick, and Wreck-it Ralph is a site to behold).What I really love is how the game rewards mastery of its mechanics, in that if you're good enough you'll be able to keep a constant speed with boosts, drifts, stunts, and knowledge of each course and the differences between the three vehicle modes. From here, the items serve to balance the playing field, making it so there's never a guaranteed winner (which can create either a joyful comeback or ragequitting a race).The single player offers a good challengs and a.i on hard that is only slightly less difficult than actual human beings (meaning they're still pretty difficult). Some of the challenges in world tour are kind of dumb (I hate the one with the tank it is never fun or good), and I personally wish certain characters weren't locked behind some of the needlessly hard challenges, but it still provided a lot of fun, which is something I appreciate from a single player mode in a kart racer.Again, a really well made kart racer, probably the best on PC. If Mario Kart were on PC, I would still be recommending this as something for any fan of the genre."
76561198148033878,Recommended,212480,30309505,Posted: 3 March,all,[Boinky]-][v][3,nice animation
76561198357572241,Recommended,212480,30346436,Posted: 5 March,all,charlie.e.amatt,"Doesn't seem to be working with my xbox controller, just with the keypad, anyone one know why/how to fix this?also keeps freezing :/HOWEVER overall it's a good game so a thumbs up from me"
,Recommended,212480,31209780,Posted: 17 April,all,King_Odin,Good game to play with a couple friends. My only complain is that the tracks are extremely long and confusing and so is the tournament mode but other than that is a very good game.
,Recommended,212480,31334569,Posted: 23 April,all,Gad Galot,"Picked this game during summer sale, this is a very fun games. The racing is the same type of the Mario Kart or CTR, but on one track, you could be racing on land, water & sky!The power up seems to be generic and don't really think each character's attributes really matters, so it really depends on your driving skills.The tracks are also varied, from beach racing, some ancient ruins, some castle, some volcano, some sky base.... I don't think I've unlocked all of them yet.When you play it with friends wether it's online or couch co-op, the fun starts to ramp up. Buy it."
,Recommended,212480,31337044,Posted: 24 April,all,THEWhiteWolf496,This is probably my favourite arcade racer EVER....This thing is an amazing sequel to Sonic and SEGA All-Stars Racing...I've played a lot more on the 360 versionJust BUY THIS....Great for multiplayerJust plain fun.
,Recommended,212480,31067175,Posted: 10 April,all,Captain Lemon,"Good fun racing game but multi player needs work, you'll dip in for a race every few months, worth buying if on sale."
,Recommended,212480,4373587,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,Dte102,"OH HEY LOOK A MARIO KART CLONE! Nope, just Chuck Testa.  This game really is diffrent from the mario kart series.  First of all it's insanely difficult and totaly diffrent from the last game.  Such as incorporating Air and Sea travel.  Also the game allows for a lot of fun times with friends when you get this feeling of beating you friend from first place thanks to a rocket.  Yet there isn't much people out there that have it.  So if you have more people, the merrier it'll be to play online.  SO GET THIS GAME N PLAY WITH ME DAMMIT!"
,Recommended,212480,22994916,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Spooky Scary Skelarow,"One of the best racers on any console. It has tons of content, 6 worlds of missions (World Tour), each mission has 4 difficulties, it has 10 grand prixs, 5 regular tracks and 5 mirrored tracks.It has tons of characters, some unlocked by playing through the World Tour and some from Grand Prix mode.The game unfortuantly has no form of curency, unlike the original, but each character does earn exp to level up, so there is something to get out of just doing single races.The phsyics are stupid at times, but they do work for the most part."
76561198044218149,Recommended,212480,30686704,Posted: 23 March,all,MrSpanky,"Games with local couch co-op deserve an upvote.Fun game, quick races.For the starving Skies of Arcadia fans a must buy for the character of Vyse and the most amazing themed level design.The only real issue is the lack of a decent tutorial.EDIT: adding a huge difference in game difficulty between easy and medium."
,Recommended,212480,31229976,Posted: 18 April,all,GothicGamer93,"If you going to get Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed get this version don't get the Wii U, Xbox 360, PS3, 3DS and PS-Vita version of this game trust me it's worth it plus it has Ryo, Yogscast and Team Fortress so thats a plus"
,Recommended,212480,31228303,Posted: 18 April,all,Rockbell,"Great graphics, fun, perfect game for local multiplayer. Recommended!"
,Recommended,212480,31382656,Posted: 26 April,all,nilscon,"I wanted a clone for mario cart, but this is so much better!10/10"
,Recommended,212480,31407610,Posted: 27 April,all,ChrisBalderst0n,"This is pretty fun. It's nothing exceptional imo, but i did have fun playing it. To me it's pretty much the Sonic the hedgehog version of mario kart - Sonic is available on PC though which is nice."
,Recommended,212480,31816644,Posted: 17 May,all,chapstikk,its okay i guess :p
76561198064976245,Recommended,212480,31862226,Posted: 20 May,all,Hugh Neutron hellcase.com,"Pretty fun, best with a controller."
76561198107385672,Recommended,212480,9949723,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,"Very fun and pretty graphics, fits my tastes. It's an great game in my opinion. I definitly enjoy this game since I had a good amount of fun on sega ealier devices such as Master Sytem. I experimented some technical troubles later and play it less unfortunately because of that."
76561198258365019,Recommended,212480,33617990,Posted: 17 July,all,UwillBurn,Hello everyone. This game is very fun lots to do. I like to see more DLC.   Buy this game when its on sale its worth it. Happy racing!
,Recommended,212480,32792331,Posted: 25 June,all,~EmilioPlifs~,Good Game :D
,Recommended,212480,33554648,Posted: 15 July,all,AndreDVJ,Diddy Kong Racing with steroids!
76561198079700380,Recommended,212480,33564878,Posted: 15 July,all,MASTER K,This game is amazing as long as u have a 360 controller.According to my reaserach the pc version is best and i have ton of fun with this. I would even say its better than mario kart.If u got friends ot just want to have some fun this is the game for u!  Games like this are what reminfs us why we love Sega!
,Recommended,212480,33667671,Posted: 20 July,all,Arrite,"Beat AND Ryo Hazuki? gimme gimmeIt's a pretty interesting kart game that also has boats and aircraft segments, but one of it's main appeals is the large variety of playable characters in it's roster. You even have Danica Patrick, because she really enjoyed the game for some reason, so a load of it's funding came from her. (from what I heard)"
76561198040220152,Recommended,212480,33663328,Posted: 19 July,all,The Platypus,"It's definitely a great game, but it's best played with other people, as the AI racers don't issue much of a challenge. Unfortunately the online functionality for this game has been spotty for me. Sometimes it works, sometimes it doesn't. When it does work, it's some of the most fun I've ever had with a racing game."
,Recommended,212480,33660691,Posted: 19 July,all,BigDaddy,"Why shouldn't the good old rival Sonic learn from his arch-enemy? The last Mario Kart I played was on the Nintendo Wii and this game feels so similar to it, but has its own twists and specialties... And I can play it on PC, well hello!!!I especially enjoy it in local multiplayer... revival of the good old days!When it's on deal, don't wait, go for it! (I got it for about 5 Euro, but this game is definitely worth more!) GJ Sega :)"
76561198003164699,Recommended,212480,33728684,Posted: 22 July,all,Erandorn,Un excellent Mario-Kart-Like en plus speed et en plus beau.
,Recommended,212480,33722594,Posted: 22 July,all,Lord Death-Em-Up,Not bad - airplane control is tricky and takes a bit of getting used to.Graphics are nice.  A solid racer
76561198166979208,Recommended,212480,33837036,Posted: 27 July,all,elneache1,"As always these games dont fail to impress, easy controls, good graphics and smooth running with low requirements"
,Recommended,212480,33812983,Posted: 26 July,all,𝖘𝖍𝖎𝖓𝖌𝖔𝖗𝖎,CAUSE THIS IS SUPER SONIC RACINGTRY TO KEEP YOUR FEET RIGHT ON THE GROUND
,Recommended,212480,7752732,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Xiaggyro,Good♥♥♥♥♥♥ buy it
,Recommended,212480,31232495,Posted: 19 April,all,Kinzo きんぞ,"Personally I see this as one of the better racing games out there, heck I'll go as far as to say this is one of the best racing games you can get on Steam right now. But that's just me, that might be a little bias out of me but I truely do love this game. I love the character roster, though sadly some of my favorite characters were cut out from this version.  The tracks are smooth to race through, well designed, and fun for a racing experience.Some people say that they have had troubles with the flying segments of the races. I for one don't have issues with them. It's probably because I use a controller to play this game.• 32 different playable characters. 3 of them are DLC and 6 of them are exlcusive to the PC version.• 10 Grand Prix Cups, including Mirror Cups.• 42 race tracks, including Mirror tracks.• 6 different mods to balance a character to your liking.• Online Multiplayer.• Time Attack.• A World Tour mode, which is a series races or challenges that give you Stars to unlock characters and mods.Content that was removed from the previous game:• Big the Cat, Billy Hatcher, Opa-Opa, ChuChus, Zobio and Zobiko, Jacky and Akira, and Bonanza Bros. are no longer playable characters.• Some tracks from the last game aren't in this game.8/10. A really fun racing game. Would play this over Mario Kart any day."
76561198357328574,Recommended,212480,33866625,Posted: 28 July,all,djdoubledome,9.5/10.
,Recommended,212480,33868911,Posted: 28 July,all,TotallyNotUni,eh.
,Recommended,212480,33949832,Posted: 1 August,all,"@}-,-'-- Gravy",Amazing game. Beautifully colorful and plays very well. Love it!
,Recommended,212480,34016305,Posted: 4 August,all,Willow,"Sonic & Random All Stars Racing: Unlock em' upPROS:+ Nice variety of creatively designed vehicles ;+ Very accessible, yet deep gameplay ;+ Some of the wackiest and most diverse tracks in the history of kart racing games ;+ Can be extremely challenging ;+ Controlling the waterborne and airborne versions of the karts provides a surprisingly different experience and keeps the races fresh ;+ Each character's kart can have its stats modded to an extent, which I find useful and awesome ;+ Wide variety of event types, particularly on World Tour mode (the game's campaign mode) ;+ Crate RNG and weapons don't necessarily make or break you, thus making most races feel balanced, fair and revolving around driving skill ;+ Colorful and endearing retro presentation packs some of that golden age Sega nostalgia ;+ Functional online features give the game some replay value ;+ Thejust one more race syndromeis strong with this one (addictive) ;+ Easygoing fun for all ages ;+ Overall good fan service.CONS:- Bugs and occasional crashes ;- The ugly side of the game's otherwise cool retro presentation - it feels outdated ;- World Tour (campaign) mode feels a bit impersonal and formulaic ;- Once you're done with the campaign and try the other modes, the game starts to feel a bit like a grind towards full completion._______________________Sonic & Sega All Stars Racing: Transformed(S&SASR:T)is the second instalment in a series ofcurrently2 kart racing games published by the legendary Sega. The idea was to get involved with a modern kart racing game for the PC, thus going for S&SASR:T seemed like my best, if not almost only reasonable bet.Coming from the original S&SASR there are many returning characters, some returning tracks, an engine that feels similar to the original's and a similar mannerism. Sega and Sumo Digital, the 2 mammoths behind this game, knew exactly what the game's selling points would be and fully highlighted them, as to even mention the game's key feature in the title. Racing atransformingvehicle throughtransformingtracks feels like a fresh experience, and it's what differentiates S&SASR:T the most from other kart racing games. Moving beyond this very successful gimmick, I found how the game handles difficulties and the addition of kart mods particularly appealing: the game provides 3, and eventually 4 different difficulties that the player can choose from, and rewards the player according to the difficulty in which he/she has completed an event. Additionally, the higher difficulties can be challenging even when you've learned how to play the game properly. Regarding kart mods, in contrast with the static kart stats from the first game, in S&SASR:T you can modify every characters' standard kart stats to an extent. When you start the game, these kart upgrades are locked, though, thus is your duty to unlock each of the character's upgrades (mods) as you play with them, and through other means you will later disclose. I find this system to be awesome in the way that it encourages you to keep levelling characters and allows you to adapt them to each race, instead of choosing which characters you bring based on their strengths and the track, without compromising how different each character feels. The difference between each mod can often be noticeable in how the kart handles, which further validates this system. Moving beyond the things that make this game feel unique in its own right, S&SASR:T is as colorful, fun and well executed as all the kart racing games that built the genre from the ground up.By the time I reached around 60% (from playing only World Tour and Grand Prix modes) I had clocked over 12 hours and things started to get slow... that's when I discovered the joys of online S&SASR:T. For a while I'd been noticing the leaderboards from the Grand Prix mode, it was a cool little thing to have while playing offline, but I wasn't sure of how it would be playing the Matchmaking mode.Now, this game's online features and population numbers aren't amazing and the servers where the races take place are not in the best shape. During only around 5 hours into my Matchmaking career, I've experienced a couple of disconnects and crashes, and suspect to have witnessed it happening to other players. Finding a game can be cumbersome given how many players are playing Matchmaking mode, but also due to technical limitations. It usually takes a while to ""get the ball rolling"", but when you find a lobby with a few players and stick around, you'll find that the wait between races isn't too bad by today's matchmaking standards. It's also a shame that some of the times you'll be racing against 2-4 players, but that should be expected from a game that peaks at under 150 concurrent players everyday. But there's a bright side in all of this. You play on an ELO based ranking system that fairly rewards/punishes you for your results. The community is rather small, thus, as a result, you'll also start to know folks when you see them. You can check their profiles and see how much of the game they've cleared, their favorite characters and the time they sunk into the game. Racing against actual humans (regardless of how proper the AI in this game is) and being able to see how they play has given me a new found motivation to keep tackling through the game and the sense that I still have a lot to improve... thus, we arrive to what makes the Matchmaking mode important for this game - how it expands the game'sreplay value. I want to get what the good players have, I want to get better, then I want to go back and have a chance at defeating the better players. There's a lot to do and a lot to learn, so I keep coming back.Since the last paragraph turned into a bit of a rant, I'll finish by going over the things I find to hinder S&SASR:T. While the presentation screams ol' Sega nostalgia (a good thing), the menus feel a bit archaic and the enthusiastic voice reminding you what's going on in them gets old fast. I've also seen the menu options completely disappear while I could still select them (abug, more on those up next). I can forgive that, or the fact that S&SASR:T sins in the way many other kart racing games do, by not providing a full-fledged story/campaign mode, in lieu of keeping things objective and accessible - after all, this game has a big character mash-up, making it much harder to come up with a plot or even logically sequenced campaign. I can also forgive that no matter how much fun there's to be had while playing this game, and there IS plenty, progressing through the game after a while still feels like a bit of a grind towards the end. What can't I forgive, then? Thebugs. I'll just say that bugs are not that few and far in between, butclose to noneare strictly gamebreaking, just do a great job at breaking your immersion. This is to say that the game could, and should have been more polished. I could also do without the times the game crashed on me, namely during Matchmaking mode activity, as stated before.I'd say that as far as actual kart racing goes, S&SASR:Tmightbe second to none. Admittedly, I can't go into detail on other contemporary kart racing games, but as a PC and PSone/PS2 era console gamer, I cannot understate the quality experience S&SASR:T provides. With all of this said, this is a game you keep coming back to - I hope I will. There's a lot to unlock, there are a lot of goals to achieve and a general sense of lightness that keeps the game a fun experience through and through.Best played with a controller, definitely recommend this game.8/10"
76561198075694755,Recommended,212480,34008249,Posted: 3 August,all,iwinin/lmgismydad,"got it for like 2 bucks, has 28 characters, and like 60 different maps, and like 12 game modes. Also isn't glitchy at all. Great work Sega."
,Recommended,212480,5123917,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,#IAmToPUBGAsTrumpIsToPuertoRico,for fans of CTR and mario kart a game like this is long overdue
,Recommended,212480,34961697,Posted: 14 September,all,Izik,Do you like ♥♥♥♥ing over your friends and making them feel like moldy cabbage while driving as Wreck It Ralph? Of course you do. Buy this ♥♥♥♥ing fantastic Mario Kart clone and make sure you have a controller
,Recommended,212480,35041922,Posted: 18 September,all,Gort The Mighty,"A really good cart racer for pc. However it has nonsensical characters like Danaca Patrick, Reck-it-Ralph and so many more. Wheres Max from Shining force?"
76561198090045797,Recommended,212480,35062133,Posted: 19 September,all,Manthos Fustanos,The pc version of something close to a mario cart. Lots of fun and i especialy like playing with friends with me two gamepads
76561198040412091,Recommended,212480,4655630,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,96kidbuu,"Not what I expected, but in a good way. And hell, you can play as the Pyro."
76561198142884288,Recommended,212480,34239671,Posted: 14 August,all,Chabe Chewell 2.0,very nais
76561198148843622,Recommended,212480,34273887,Posted: 16 August,all,anas_alhosni,it's fun and especially in multiplayer mode
76561197981004608,Recommended,212480,884127,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,magic2k,This game is megarulz! Must have for all who love Sonic and Tails since childhood )
76561198203367474,Recommended,212480,34363225,Posted: 19 August,all,Lexbond006,"I love this game and would die for it. No lie, i came into this game expecting it to be crap but found it to be lovey. Oh also the controls on the keybord will hurt your hands so i highly sugest to get a controller. (X box is the best) It was a lot prettier than i could ever hope it be.It is super fun to play with friends but not online players. They are not fun at all, the just use hacks."
,Recommended,212480,34362044,Posted: 19 August,all,DJCRogue,Better racing game than you would think. I don't know why all the fast characters need a car but if you ignore that and just want something like Mario Kart I would recommend this.
76561198073128196,Recommended,212480,34518291,Posted: 26 August,all,Degenerate,Are you happy now James Willems? Now race me!
,Recommended,212480,34763034,Posted: 5 September,all,Croatian Identitarian,"Pretty fun, be sure to have a few people owning the game too, though."
,Recommended,212480,34347876,Posted: 19 August,all,Fregle,"If you always wanted a Mario Kart on PC: this is the closest you'll get.The weapons are very similar: blowfish = banana, firework = green shell, boost = mushroom, remote control car = red shell, all-star mode = invincibility star (but with a twist: every character has a special weapon while it's active), swarm = blue shell (but the drivers at the head of the race have a slight chance of evading it), hot rod is very similar to bullet bill (but does require some skill, which i like). Add to that ice (a standard shooting weapon with 3 shots), whirlwind (which homes in like a red shell but reverses the controls of the affected player for a while) and the glove (with which you can 'catch' an attack launched by an opponent and use it yourself!). On the whole a very well-balanced set of weapons.It adds the drifting from Crash Nitrocart, but doesn't lose sight of the casual battle flavor by doing so (crash nitrocart was too much of a real racing game because of it).It has jump stunts just like Mario Kart for wii, and again without making it too much into a racing game.You can get up to triple boost at the start of the race, by timing your throttle button right 3 times. You can also get up to triple boost from long drifts or complex multistunts.It has the switch between car/boat/plane from a game I can't remember the name of right now. It adds to the fun immensely, with 3 different behaviors and people getting better or worse depending on the vehicle they're piloting.The tracks keep changing from lap to lap, a good idea imho.There are a ton of play modes (but most of them only in the world tour mode). The most surprising one: the co-op tank chase, where all players have to try to destroy a tank before it destroys them.And like this we come into the few negatives I've encountered:The grand prixs aren't as flexible as they could be. They're all races and you can't change that. They have pre-selected tracks, you can't mix and match as you want.There is simply too much visual clutter. If you don't know the track you can easily get lost in the surroundings, even with all the big blue arrows and pink boost-pads that try to keep you pointed in the right direction.I've read bad things about the online multiplayer, but that's a feature I haven't used yet...Still, I would advise this game to any Mario Kart lover out there, it's tons of fun in split screen mode on the couch."
76561198145836257,Recommended,212480,34352646,Posted: 19 August,all,STH135,Highly recommended.
,Recommended,212480,17451275,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Flawless|EmilFLarsen,awsum! :D
,Recommended,212480,34726372,Posted: 3 September,all,Scratch,One of the best cart racing games ever.
76561198002050692,Recommended,212480,34806897,Posted: 7 September,all,Tuff*Gong,"While I am going to give this game a thumbs up, I am giving a thumbs down to some of the level design and difficulty.  The levels playing for gold are just too cheap and difficult.  I feel as though you need to run a perfect race to beat them sometimes, and other times they are like butter.  I feel the difficulty just isn't proper, it jumps around."
76561198304570321,Recommended,212480,34852496,Posted: 9 September,all,devansengar,The closest thing we'll ever get for a Mario Kart game on PC
76561198151577020,Recommended,212480,34888519,Posted: 11 September,all,mavez,"Excellent mario kart style game. Race on land, sea and air through lots of different sega game zones. Lots of different race modes also, my favourites are battle mode, destroy the tank, drifting and also just plain racing.Great game well worth it."
,Recommended,212480,35363020,Posted: 30 September,all,Kill Joy,"This game is amazing. It justfeelsgood to play. Yes, it's another kart racer, but it's really fleshed out, the tracks are cool and (almost) all of them are based on old and new Sega games, and it actually requires some skill to play. Seriously, if you have trouble drifting in Mario Kart, you have a lot of work to do if you play this. I keep coming back to it, it's just so much fun.Yes I know this game looks like a dumb knockoff, but give it a try, play it with friends, it's a great time.Now to complain about it.Most of the time, the game feels really tight to play, and it's generally fair, even with items. But sometimes...sometimes, man. Sometimes this game can be complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. You know how in Mario Kart, there are times that feel like ""wtf why did that even happen that's such bs""? While there's not an excessive amount of that here, the times it does do that are enough to make you want to throw your controller against the wall. You could be doing so well, and then the game will just decide nope, time to mess you up. It's a bit of a masochistic relationship for me at this point- I love this game, I think it's amazing, so those times where it gives you that crap are so much more infuriating. So, if you get easily frustrated...maybe look elsewhere."
,Recommended,212480,35286785,Posted: 29 September,all,Jawajoey,"This might be the best game ever in the cart racing genre. Way better than Mario Kart 8. If you like the genre, don't miss out on this game.+ I can appreciate the item design in Mario Kart, but in this game, the items are more balanced, and there are many more skillshot items. Since the items are balanced, the distribution can be even across placement, so if you're leading you don't get stuck with the same couple items over and over.+ There is plenty of challenge, even playing against the computer.+ The World Tour mode, where you unlock things, presents a refeshing variety of challenge types. As opposed to just having you play Grand Prix a bunch of times.+ Mod system for customizing characters is clean and clear. There isn't an overwhelming array of options, but instead a selection of preset stat modifications for each character, so even if a character you like isn't your racing style, you can often adjust it to be more suited for you. Great system.+ Most tracks transform for at least one of the laps, changing things up- I have nitpicks about map design in particular cases, but in general all the maps are distinct, varied and interesting.- The parts where you transform into a boat are pretty annoying. Boats aren't fun to control.This game is definitely in my top 3 for the genre. The other two being Lego Racers and MK: Double Dash, both of which are supported by a hefty helping of nostalgia."
