user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,212630,15978429,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,kschang77,"NOTE: This is based on SINGLE-PLAYER ONLY, I did NOT play Co-op or MP, which apparently has some problems.Ghost Recon: Future Soldier (GRFS for short from now on) is a continuation of the ""Ghost Recon"" super special operations that existed long before COD Ghosts came along. There are no ""waves"" of baddies coming at you, no cinematic mow-downs, no angst-driven baddie that always got away. Instead, you are the the elite of the elite (cliche, I know), a special cadre of ""operators"", augmented with the best technology available, from CrossCom that lets you easily coordinate fire among your teammates, sync shoot that lets you designate targets for simultaneous extermination, optical camo that makes you nearly invisible... if you don't move very fast, sensor ball that picks up baddies in the area... X-ray viewer mode that picks up metal in ANY condition, even blinding sandstorm, as well as aerial and ground drones. And at the finale, you'll get access to Warhound... a mobile fire support platform that has missiles and mortars you can call in. Imagine the stealth kills you can do with the active camo... if you don't want to shoot them in the head.Obviously there's always bazillion bad guys between you and your objective. And with suppressed weapons taking them out quietly is always an option... or you can go loud and just go guns blazing, but make use of cover or your teammates may not save you in time. At other times you can shoot through enemies cover, and that really makes you feel powerful.The weapons can all be customized and there are a lot of changes possible, muzzle can be changed to different flash supressor or sound supressors. Sights can be changed from iron sight to red dot scope to 4x tactical scope and more. Magazine can be single, extended, double, or even loaded with armor piercing ammo. And so on. Every weapon is customizable, with parts that you can unlock through playing and accomplishing missions and challenges (i.e. make X kills with weapon Y, or such).There are multiple levels of difficulty and let's just say, this game REALLY punishes you for tactical mistakes, i.e. exposing yourself when you shouldn't, picking the wrong targets, fail to flank, and so on. Though at easy levels you'll have a chance to recover, albeit unlock things much slower as well.The graphics are very nice for a shooter, everything looks proper as they are. Jungle looks like jungle, village looks like village, and desert looks like desert. And you get to enjoy watching the operators move, crawl, lean against cover, and so on wit the third-person view, with seamless first-person if you go to scope mode.The game is an Ubisoft product so Uplay must be installed and game activated through Uplay, but it's not overly tedious. However, it's rather annoying to have to deal with TWO platforms instead of just one.All in all, as a shooter this game really makes you appreciate what a futuristic soldier will be like, without getting into power armor, exoskeleton, and jump gear of the further future. We have the tech to make this now... or at least in a few years, and we'll need them to solve problems developing around the world.And yes, I am recommending this game. But remember, I only care about the single player game. And it works fine."
,Recommended,212630,7890675,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Camari,"An unfortunatly unpopular game, it really was a decent game."
,Recommended,212630,11046252,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Dominus de Geth,"1 of the most underrated TPS games, the gameplay was very adrenaline pumping and addictive, the graphics were great, the overall level design of the SP maps were perfect, the cover system was fantastic, every time my soldier ran from cover to cover and slammed his shoulder on the next cover I felt as excited as a teenage girl getting her 1st iphone, the only thign that really disappointed me was the campaign story, pretty weak and the conclusion was just not satisfying at all, after the final scene I said to myself, there must be more but then the credits started rolling.. I completed the game in 11 hours, considering how much smaller most shooter games are these days (looking at you BF and COD), 11 hours is great, but I do wish it was longer than that because I really want more of that awesome gameplay..Usually the story is pretty important to me because I only play games for their SP content, but this time I forgive them for making a weak story because the gameplay was THAT good ..Totally recommend this game9/10"
,Recommended,212630,32684447,Posted: 23 June,all,gopherchucks,"i never liked the clancy stuff , but this is an amazing game or experience.  just for the story or co op"
,Recommended,212630,7750815,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Soundcreepy,"Not the best ghost recon, but I'm having much more fun than the Advanced series. Co-op is still a blast. I just wish, ironicly, that there was a DM or TDM mode."
,Recommended,212630,12721222,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Ank,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier is a third-person game from Ubisoft. It is the next installment in the Ghost Recon series.Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier gameplay is far more different than the previous Ghost Recon game, because Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier use third-person rather than first-person like before, but that doesn't make the game bad, in fact I think this game is great, quite epic and fun to play. My favorite feature is the Sync Shot, where all the Ghost Squad tag and then shoot at the same time on different enemies. You can also customize your weapon with many thinks like scope, camouflage pattern, stock or magazines. There is also Guerrilla Mode, it's a game mode where you get to secure an area, then hold the area against wave of enemies. Guerrilla Mode can be played with friends too.Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier graphics is good enough, the detail on the Ghost Squad are impressive, but the rest of the pictures is somewhat like Call of Duty: Modern Warfare, well at least Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier has better graphics. The performance of the game is good, no lags and the game runs smooth. If you see many people complain the game doesn't work, it's not the game, it's Uplay. The game works just fine after you get through the Uplay part.Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier is good tactical shooter game, with great features, too bad the multiplayer is empty now. I recommend this.Rating 8/10"
76561197985286582,Not Recommended,212630,16726842,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,JuanSen TapSen,"Let me get straight to the point: Did I have lots of fun playing with my friends on co-op? Absolutely! Do I recommend the game? No, not at all! Let me tell you why.The only reason I bought this game was to play its story with my friends, being blinded by the full story co-op mode and the awesome Steam sales. Of course we had to install the infamous (and useless - you'll see why) Uplay to play the game; we started the game and tried to connect to each other in co-op, but I could not connect to neither of my friends, so I spent the next 3 hours searching for a solution... I've tried every single thing I could find, from opening every port of my router or connecting without a router to reinstalling the game and checking its files. And guess what? Nothing worked. Finally, I decided to do a fresh Windows install, which managed to fix the problem somehow, but that was a big turn off for me, as you should not reinstall your operating system just for a game... at least the game was working now. Everything went smooth after that, until I had to do another fresh Windows install, when I forgot to save my progress, being so sure that Uplay's cloud save feature would take care of that... boy, I was so wrong! Neither Steam, nor Uplay could save my progress, even though it is mentioned that cloud save is enabled on this game on the latter, so my whole progress was lost (this was also confirmed by one of my friends, who lost his progress too). Luckly, we only had to replay one mission, as the career progress is saved on each player's computer, but we had to change characters because I had been the host before.Also, I have to mention that the game is a rushed PC port, a great example being the low frame rate, even on lower settings and the console button that is permanently present on the HUD without having a controller connected, but by no means the worst port ever. The story has nothing outstanding attached to it, so don't expect much if you intend on playing this game alone - what you shoud expect instead is a typical military shooter plot (don't get me wrong! it is not bad... but it is not the most intriguing one either).However, I have to admit that this is a fun game to play with friends because of its tactical and team-based approach, with pretty good graphics, lots and lots of customization options and challenging AI on higher difficulties. Also, the campaign is long enough to justify its price, with no major glitches regarding the gameplay or technical problems, with the exception of those mentioned earlier. Consider buying only if you are aware that this game's co-op mode/multiplayer may or may not work on your system (as a last resort, a fresh Windows install may likely fix the problem).In conclusion, this is good game, if not a great one, but the connection and the cloud save problems made me go for a negative review because of the time I lost searching for a solution."
,Recommended,212630,12430969,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Level 1 Grunt,"Tactical 3rd person shooters have always interested me, and not a single Ghost Recon game has dissapointed me. I always walked away satified and craving for more fun as a future soldier."
76561198034875098,Recommended,212630,9292366,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Sir Strattimus,"May contain an aweful lot of links, bad punctuation and traces of nutsI've been looking for a good shooter game for a while now, and looks like I finally found one, I am really happy with. As the title says it'sFuture Soldier, a TPS game, that in my opinion really sets the mood for a future warfare environment, yet in a somewhat* realistic way (*in all fairness, a game must have it's limits), i tried multiple other games on way way here though, some good ones, (likeBinary Domain) and some not so much. Not mentioning any names here, rightTakedown: Red SabreandGlobal Ops: Commando Libya? :P anyways, Future soldier implements a lot of new cool stuff,  and whatnots,As one of the first shooter games I've been playing in a while, it doesn't feel like the AI is completely dumb. As a matter of a fact, I've had to lower my difficulty settings to veteran, (medium) in order to keep up and not die more than a once or twice during a mission, (tried elite (hard) for a short while, it was duable, but given i was stuck with my laptop at the moment, and you know, lags, i had to turn down the difficulty) but even with difficulty turned down, they got me a few timeshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=231409917when starting a campaign you have 2 options, you can either invite your friends, and actually play with them, or you can let three friendly AIs take that job, and suprisingly enough, they're quite clever too, and heck, with me at their command, we're like a 4 man army! then again, we do get some help from the navy now and again. Your teammates are easy control and work with, and did i mention, great for syncronize-killing.this game often has 2 ways to get the job done, there's the way of rushing in and shooting everyone on sight, it's likemeh, and there's the stealth way, and of course i prefer the stealth way, who wouldn't? it has alot more tactics to it, besides, i'm not in the same rush of finishing games as most of you guys with bigger backlogs. (however some missions you're required to do it one way)as a new way to improve stealth killing as we know it, one of the many new cool features in this futuristic warfare game, is a new suit, improving both stealth, mobility and badassitude with the powers of an extreme camouflage, making you close to invisble, as long as you keep your head down and don't move too fast.just to show how much they've actually ellaborated this costumization feature, here's a list of things you can costumize with your primary weapon:sightsstockgas systembarrel, underbarrel, barrel tip (and sidebarrel too i think)triggermagazinecamouflageas with any game, no matter how well designed and how much they thought it through, it has it's occasional flaws, such as floating peoplehttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=231410291oh and when you catch it off guard, and walk somewhere you're not supposed to (husky style) it tends to drop you out of the world,the graphic quality in this game is quite good, even at the lowest settings. It gives a good feelings while playing, and it's simply a nice aspect to have.but now, for the thing letting this game down (when using steam atleast) is, -well i guess it's not as much for the game itself, but launching it from steam,- the fact that it has to open uplay first, and then launch the game. But then again that's the problem with buying some 3rd party games on steam, and really i can live with that.I have yet to try out the co-op part of this game, but I am certainly looking forward to it.i haven't finished the game yet, but this is what i can tell you about the storyline:you start up as part of a four-man Ghost Team deployed in Nicaragua, with the objective to disrupt weapons traffickers, 5 minutes into the game, after being introduced to the controls, and killing the first few men, the team starts an inspection of the convoy vehicles, and to their suprise they discover a bomb, which well unluckly for them, goes off, Bum!, it ends up killing the entire team. another Ghost team is set on the job to investigating the cause and tracking down the source of the bomb. The team is informed about their new mission to rescue an arms dealer who has information about the bomb. After the team rescues him, they then based on the given information, take off to Zambia where they kill a local warlord -and a few dozens of men-, then you continue to Nigeria, Pakistan, Norway, and end up in Russia, where the team destroys a weapons shipment at an airport. this is where i've gotten so far but i will update this as i progresssorry for the review quality, was really tired when i made this, but i wanted to get it done by the 28th,this review has beenkitten approved"
,Recommended,212630,33042096,Posted: 30 June,all,ISuckAtVideoGamesLOL,"It's just fun stealth, and tactical too. Exciting, and if you play on harder difficulties, pretty difficult. If you can't think logically, I know you'll dislike it. :DEdit: Ok, so I see now a guy complaining about drones, magnetics and so on. It makes the game more interesting! It adds!Sprinting: The sprinting is more realistic than just sharply turn. And it makes you think where to actually go.And if you can't start the game, don't give it a bad review! I see this alot! Just because you can't start it, doesn't mean it's bad!"
,Not Recommended,212630,23190721,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,daVid // PSN: Waveshaper__,"Feel smart while you are playing a dumb game simulator.This isn't a tactical or a stealth game. It APPEARS to be however. It wants to look professional, detailed, using a lot digital interface effects that float in 3D, but when you actually PLAY the game you'll feel something is wrong. And here is why.This game, like many these days, does not offer challange. Does not offer depth. It's a generalized experience that exists only to serve the player, not to challange him/her. You are walking around in practically godmode, being invisible, spreading the glorious headshots, and in case anything goes wrong you have an ""oh sh.....t!"" button that is supposed to be ""tactical command"", but basicly a button to instantly kill any enemy at any time, anywhere, saying your squad members shoot them. Who are also following you under the gentle cloak of godmode invisibility. Of course the maps are very limited to guide you towards scripted wins and perfectly ideal situations, just you can feel smart you killed 3 guys at once because you marked 2 for death, and shot one yourself.There are no tactics, there is no tension, no andenaline, no actual smart play, even if the game tries so hard to create the illusion of these for the player while all it really does it bows down before you, so you can W+M1 through it. Or actually W+F here with the ""tactical command"" that is God Strikes You Down instant death. Of course while your teammates continually compliment you for it and you get all kinds of ""HyperSuperDuperUber skilled player you are!"" stuff.Verdict? It's not only boring, but boring for all the wrong reasons. I couldn't get myself to luanch this game a second time. I feel so served, so unchallanged, so bored of walking as god among mere mortals, that it is actually deeply discouraging to even play. Because I don't play, I do zombie mode, while the game fails so hard to create this feeling of professionalism, challange and pro play, that isn't even there at all, but also fails at faking it, because it pushes too hard to the point where the obvious just starts to hurt."
,Recommended,212630,9240626,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,(･8･),"The brilliant story, almost 10 hours of sp content, and this game is an addictive.Is a worth to buy of the game.8/10"
76561197971238263,Not Recommended,212630,17458221,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Fox,"Unfortunately i purchased this pile of console ported waste.Dont get me wrong i like the game and some of the elements in it but its the fact that its an Extremely lazey port that hinders any sort of recomendation.One of the biggest issues i am currently having, is the game itself is bugged to the point where progression in the main campaign is impossible. This is due to controller issues. I do not have a gamepad controller installed on my PC or any of my peripherals plugged in apart from headset, mouse and keyboard yet the game will constantly show prompts in the format of XBox buttons.One of the pieces of equipment you have at your disposal in this game is a small rotor crat UAV. This is probably one of the most important pieces of equipment you have. Unfortunately it is useless in on the PC due to the controller bug. The Drone will just decend untill it hits the ground then be unable to move. This is certainly an issue when in the campaign there is a sequence where you have to use it to recon a shack. The drone will instead just lower itself into the tepid waters of the river you are standing in making itself a diseased filled watery grave.I would like to point out that the developers have been as useful as a mint-flavored suppository in resovling issues. Their official fix is to uninstall all peripherals before using their game,"
,Recommended,212630,978221,"Posted: 8 July, 2012",all,(GoR)Andrew.zhd,"I expected FAR more than this game gives. Well, as this long-awaited game broke my expectations, I can now see how less attention Ubi paid to their PC fans.GRFSis an ugly console adaptation, unlikeGRAW2which was originally mastered for PC. I recommendGRFSthough, because between TP action games it's not a bad one. ""Gunsmith"" kicks a-s-s, cutscenes are cool (though you can't skip most of them), guerilla mode could bring some fun as well. My personal mark on it -6/10."
,Recommended,212630,12635874,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ñeolantis,"Very good game, it is a little short.I do wish it had more content."
,Recommended,212630,12446822,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,♰ _BlInD_ Camper,One of the best games. The only con to this game is that multiplayer is dead. (No players on multiplayer at all)
76561197982514494,Recommended,212630,31946756,Posted: 24 May,all,M.u.d.d.+,"I don't know why there isn't more love for this game, the graphics arn't terible, the game play is fun and in-depth, the story is ok but I dont judge a game by just the story. I love how much you can custimize your guns and I like how it's a blend of third and first person shooting."
,Recommended,212630,23371715,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Ubisoft Paris, Red Storm EntertainmentPublishers:UbisoftInitial release:june 2012Genre:TPS, Tactical, Military#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationGhost Recon: Future Soldier is a pretty average cover based co-op military special ops shooter.I feel a little bit at a loss as to how to describe the game as its sort of generic. You play as a group special ops guys doing some secret mission stuff and being “future” soldiers you get a lot of tech stuff like magnetic vision and sensor grenades for making enemies appear on your HUD even behind cover. Camo that is incredibly useful for being stealthy. You also get a drone for marking enemies and an EMP to disable electronics.The gunplay feels good. Its fun and enjoyable, you get to do a lot of cool slow motion breaches into hostage rooms. Its a blockbuster title; meaning lots of explosions and pretty looking environments. But more or less is a tad shallow in gameplay mechanics.MULTIPLAYERI noticed a lot of other reviews saying the mutliplayer is bugged. I did not try any of the co-op of the main campaign so I cannot speak to that aspect. But I did try the Guerrilla wave based mode and the regular objective based mulitplayer. I was able to connect and it worked just fine, it seemed again, very run of the mill.The AI of your teammates in the campaign is okay, the only real complaint I have is they seem to really enjoy walking in between your gun and the people you are shooting. You can set up sync shots up to 4 people at a time. That also feels very satisfying. Coordinating 4 headshots at once indeed makes you feel like a proper special ops team. I imagine even more so playing with friends during the campaign.The game does seem to be a console port; meaning limited graphical options and unfortunate poor optimization and having VERY deep frame drops that last about 2 to 3 seconds while the next area loads. But it never really gets in the way too much as there are never any enemies that need immediate attention after a load.THE GISTIt's an enjoyable experience. Very run of the mill. I'm very meh about it overall but I did indeed enjoy the time I spent.Follow my curation for more"
76561198301412037,Recommended,212630,23196342,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,JackBurtonLsg,"I only recommend this game if you can:Play with a controller with virtually zero customization options (theres no option to invert y-axis) or if you can play comfortably with a mouse and keyboard. You can't use programs like Xpadder either as there is also no option to disable the controller input. Typical Ubisoft.I played this game like crazy on Xbox 360 and was really looking forward to diving back into it on my new rig, but mouse and keyboard aren't ideal for couch based gaming.Its a great co-op campaign/multiplayer offering. I just really hope whoever overlooked such simple gameplay options (y-axis/disable controller) has been fired. Out of a cannon. Into the Sun."
76561198071813354,Recommended,212630,30619905,Posted: 19 March,all,Malekith,"I bought this game 3 years after it's release date; therefore, the multiplayer is pretty much dead and i will only review for the Single player.Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier™Pros- Long single player campaign (around 10 hours)- Well Optimized- Slow paced tactical 3rd person shooter- Good AI- Decent story- Better than many COD's single player- Hardest difficulty is very challenging- Tons of weapons and customizationCons- Uplay needed- Voice acting seems to be lacking- Decent story (some gamers can have high expectations)- Multiplayer is pretty much dead8/10Worth buying !"
,Recommended,212630,18514455,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,[GI] BlackStattic,"I got the deluxe version for sale yesterday, and I LOVE IT. Its kinda laggy but with some optimization I got it running a little better. What I love best about this game is the awesome gadgets such as sensor grenades and magnetic view. Theres such  an awesome stealth and cover feature in this game that is wonderful, i really recommened this game. One thing I dont like is the multiplayer is essentially dead. But if you like singleplayer campaign, this game is for you!"
76561198045348350,Recommended,212630,8208901,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Mattster,Have been really enjoying this game so far and really enjoy the gunplay and campaign. The game has great gunplay and a solid storyline however the cutscenes are out dated compared with newer games.Overall this game is great especially as its on sale and would reccomened you pick it up if you are into FPS games the only downside is it runs through Uplay which is kinda annoying.Multiplayer is not so good however and lacks good maps and most games usually involve large amounts of spawn camping.
76561198115817619,Recommended,212630,14730503,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Lord.V,"Good campaign, graphics, fast, okay multiplayer."
,Recommended,212630,17166684,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Steph,"I managed to pick this up at a very good sale price and I would have to say that it was worth it. Mind you, I've only played the coop part of the game with a friend, which, for me, is much more enjoyable then playing alone. The game has nice graphics, easy to use controls, most of the time, and I love the music, which is rare for me. Some cons for me are the frustrations of moving about when coming out of cover or going into cover and moving elsewhere. Another is not having the ability to change keybinds while playing coop campaign, you have to quit the session to main menu to do that. Oh, and it's Uplay lol. Other then that, I enjoy the game and I recommend it to all Tom Clancy fans."
76561197978704804,Recommended,212630,18701780,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,{WeB}*HansDieterKarlHeinzHolger*,"I am going to keep to the point with my categorized rating of Ghost Recon: Future Soldier SINGLEPLAYER. Result at the bottom with a total rating of 7/10.Plot- 6/10One very nice thing about the plot is, that you will be fighting all around the world (Africa, Middle East, Asia, etc.), which prompts variety created by very distinct level design (see ""Game world""). The sad thing is, thatagain the Russians are the bad guys, which seems to be the standard in today's games featuring a militarized America. Because of this uninspired idea, regardless of the rest of the plot, I can only give 6/10 here.Weaponry- 8/10When you are about to start your mission you can always choose your loadout. This might sound generic, but you are actually able to modify your weapon right down to the barrel to improve your weapon management or fire power. Unfortunately, you have to unlock many camo patterns and attachments with ridiculous challenges for which I found no way to read what the challenge actually is.In the battlefield there is a huge amount of different weapons and gadgets, one of which is the drone. I am meantioning it, because it is - in my opinion - your most powerful tool in the field. Of course there is much more to it:xray and thermo vision, artillery strikes, several types of grenades, a vast amount of guns and so on.Game world- 9/10Even though textures are blurry and messy from time to time (especially on trees or walls) player and weapon models look stunning. Also, the level design is great. You do not feel like following a rather linear path to the goal of your mission, since levels seem to be pretty open and intertwined. This effect is intensified by the fact that you are travelling around the world visiting different and nicely designed places on Earth in an individual fashion as meantioned above. All this and fitting environmental sound effects lead to an atmospheric experience - well, if you do not count weird sound loops e.g. of screaming people which have been expelled from their homes and aren't even there anymore, but the sound is.Combat- 7/10Now this was hard to rate, since the main aspect of the game is stealth and action driven combat combined. The stealth parts are great,when you have to sneak into compounds, restricted areas or even airports,although you do it over and over again. It does not feel repetetive, because there is always something going on (different level design, tanks incoming, sniper assault, different placement of enemies and so on). This is usually followed by quite the opposite of stealth.Shoot your way out, either protecting only your three mates or even VIPsto reach designated extraction points.A very negative impact on the gameplay are the many, many mini cutscenes. For example, when your team needs to rally up around doors or just to regroup, you always have to wait what feels like for ever! This takes you out of the moment completely and does not deliver - as I suspect it was intended - a moment where you can catch your breath. You actually do not need to calm down and pause, since there are no waves and waves of enemies enclosing on you like in other games (e.g. COD). When the action strikes, enemies can be killed rather quickly. So do armed forces.Loading times and videos- 3/10Yes, this is actually where the score drops significantly. Loading times are too damn long. When you start the game, you have to skip three videos and in the process, need to click ""any key"" twice to get to the menu. Every menu itself does need to load for more than three seconds, which is unacceptable. When you continue/enter the campaign, the loading takes far too long for a game not looking that great (it is decent, as I said above, but it will not make you go ""WOW!""). Also, in any case you need to restart from a checkpoint, you will get the intro screen a la COD (location, time, mission name) displayed, which adds five additional seconds to your waiting time - after waiting for the checkpoint to load for roughly ten seconds. I am absolutely sure, that my system is not at fault, since I can play the game on maximum settings everywhere without troubles. This might be credited to bad scripting, I suppose.Videos are there. Well, that is a fact. Not a fun one, since videos mostly don't further the story and are highly similar to Call of Duty Modern Warfare intermission sequences: You see the world and get to know what's happening from a satellites perspective. This is just a copy, to say it bluntly. Videos where you see the protagonists, do not really affect you in any way. There is shallow dialogue, bullsh*t propaganda and testosterone driven antagonizations and you do not really start to care about the characters. The videos and waiting times, of course, significantly make the game longer.My result- 7/10I've never been much of a fan of Tom Clancy's games, but this one really grabbed and stuck me where the action is. Although the story is blunt and I do not care about the characters, it is a decent tactic shooter with many levels of operation and variety. I'd like to recommend this game to anyone who loves tactical FPS where you are in control of how to accomplish your goal. Nevertheless, this game is very special in light of how you play it - you have to like this kind of tactical gameplay. Hope I could shed light on this ;)"
,Recommended,212630,28425051,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,SanityGod,"Omit the uPlay part, game is solid and fantastic replay value.Most negative reviews are likely CoD fans hurt that this game takes skill."
,Recommended,212630,19744096,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Trimaz,"With enjoyable game-play, decent graphics, and strong co-operative potential to draw from, Ghost Recon Future Soldier should have been a fantastic game, and the console version is. Unfortunately, Ubisoft has proven once more to care very little for their PC fan base by releasing a game so riddled with bugs, that a huge portion of the player base cannot even play the game, which is just an example of blatant laziness on the part of the developers.No matter that it is based on an extremely successful franchise and could otherwise be a brilliant game, using the controls is unbearable, let alone all of the left over icons from the Xbox version, inclusion of mouse acceleration and the lack of any real customisation menus. This makes it difficult to want to be able to progress through the game regardless of how good the story or multi-player could be.The developers tried their hardest to make it seem like this game is not on rails, but it is. You have operational freedom when you’re in designated combat areas but always have to follow their lead. When you’re in camouflage, you may never run for extended periods without losing the use of the camouflage, however, your team mates may run, gun and dance while their camouflage is still active and stays active. Furthermore, your team mates are either super heroes or idiots, either spotting and killing adversaries before you ever do so, or standing around like idiots while you’re bleeding out at their feet. The ability to customise your weapons is a stand-out feature; however it fails to carry the game.While it looks pretty and sounds good, it doesn’t make the game; playability and usability do. You’d be glad if you got this game for free, or if you must have it, wait for it to reach the bargain bin."
,Not Recommended,212630,32654538,Posted: 22 June,all,Nightmare Geist,"Could not get this game to run, googled various help topics but none of the proposed actions I tried remedied my problem."
,Recommended,212630,24429838,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Doomsdrzej,"An excellent game for people who are sick of just running around and shooting things. A strong emphasis on cover, using gadgets and tactics makes you succcessful rather than quick reflexes and glitches. Recommended wholeheartedly."
76561198093796947,Recommended,212630,8705792,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Fastkenyan,"One of the main reasons why Tom Clancy games are enjoyable is because their is a sense of overall command in the game.  You control your character and at the same time you direct your teammates to carryout certain orders; Ghost Recon: Future Soldier employs those same game play characteristics. Ubisolf utilized an action based/stealth approach to Future Solider, requiring one to stealth around a location, identify targets, sync those targets, and get out undetected.  On several of the missions, stealth is a requirement.  This aspect of the game is where people tend to have issues.  Future Solider is more of an action based game rather than a stealthy game; in a sense, it can go both ways (like Hitman Absolution, Dishonored, Assassins Creed, etc).  However, you are rewarded more by taking a stealthy approach; high scores, items unlocked quicker, etc.  In comparison to majority of other Tom Clancy games, OG Rainbow 6, Rainbow 6 III, Vegas 1 & 2, and the original Ghost Recon, teammate control seems to be at a minimum.  The only real control you have over your teammate is to set up sync shots and have them focus a target, you cannot send them to a location, you cannot have them set up a frag run, they cannot breach and clear, etc.  Overall, I liked Ghost Recon: Future Soldier, as an action based 3rd person shooter it was fun, as a stealth game it wasn't half bad, and remember...the game can be played both ways, as a stealthy inflitration game or as a Rambo game...it is your pick.****Note: You have to download Ubisoft's platform Ubiplay to be able to play Ghost Recon: Future Soldier.  It only requires you to download it, install it, and login when you play.  It s kind of a pain, but its nothing too terrible****"
76561198156823240,Recommended,212630,23201921,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Gero_timo,"Great game IMO!Already owned it on PS3, saw it cheap here on STEAM, instantly bought it.It is one of my favourite tactical shooters, too bad online is quite deserted..."
76561198030176685,Not Recommended,212630,9221840,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Kaustek,"***BUYER BEWARE***It's a decent game, I fell in love with it for the Xbox360, however, it's just so awful for the PC, I wouldn't recommend it.You currently are unable to connect with friends and the multiplayer is dead.Single player still works, so if you just want to play this on your own, go right ahead."
,Recommended,212630,12745690,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Don Gigolo,"Very fun, and the textures are nice. But cutscenes are low-res. Hope Ubisoft is making a sequel to GR."
,Recommended,212630,26010606,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Accelerator,"Ghost Recon Future Soldier (GRFS for short) is sadly quite underrated amongst Steam users, I don’t write a serious review about a game often, but regarding how much I loved this game and how much fun I’ve been going through it, this is my full review analysis about the game (ON SINGLEPLAYER ONLY)-	Gameplay & Combat system:GRFS is a modern military third-person shooter featuring access to high-tech equipment (hence why it’s called “Future Soldier” am I right?), magnetic vision which allows you to see your enemies’ location under any scenarios (technically it’s wall hacks), but with a certain range limit (otherwise you and your team is literally invincible); The warhound which pretty much do all the shooting job for you while you can just sit down and sip that can of soft-drink on your hand; optic camouflage which allows you and your Ghost team to blend into the environments and making sneaky-beaky actions. Whilst the team is on the recon phase (which you’re doing your mission stealthy). You need to think strategically on when and where to move, who to shoot, and preventing enemies from spotting dead bodies therefore raising the alarm, hence you’re forced to go loud. The tagging system is very well made; you can tag up to 4 targets at a time being, your teammate will take down the tagged enemies simultaneously as you open fire, and believe me, it’s the most satisfying and badass feeling when it comes to modern stealth actions like this. Additionally, you are also given a brief slow-motion moment which allows you to take down more targets silently. The scout drone, yes of course, it allows you to scout the area, collecting intel on enemies’ location, and you can also tag your targets using the drone, either that or if you’re a person that prefers sitting back in your comfy chair, then using the drones to tag the enemies and let your teammates do the rest isn’t a bad option. The pacing of GRFS is almost near perfect, there are missions that force you to do your job quietly, whereas there are others which you must gun-blaze the area. Talking about gun-blazing, GRFS isn’t some sort of shooting game where you can go “Yolo Swag” like Call of Duty and Battlefield. Rather, GRFS has a VERY PUNISHING system that if you make mistake strategically (opening fire when you shouldn’t, moving to a place where you shouldn’t, focusing fire on the wrong target, etc.), and on top of all that, you won’t survive for more than 5 seconds without taking cover smartly. (It’s so unlike CoD and BF now amirite?). The tense feelings I get from getting suppressed by enemies’ LMGs and sniper rifle as the camera shakes while I was behind cover, it’s like, oh Jesus, if I peek my head out and take that bullet in the face then I’m dead for sure. (Basically this isn’t a cartoon war game like CoD).-	Gear customization:The customization system is astonishing, from the interface to the available varieties. You can customize every weapon of your choice. Magazine, stock, trigger, barrel, optic sight, gas system, muzzle, side rail, you’ll be like…damn…the choices. There will be bonuses for this attachment and there will be penalty for that and there will also be balanced out stuff. In general, the gun playing style is your choice alone to make.-	Story & characters:There isn’t much of a memorable thing about this part, as this game lack of interesting plot (in my case I legit had to look up the game’s plot on Wikipedia to know wtf is going on), technically it just like, you go to this area, you save and escort this lad in one piece who will later provide you information about the bad lads, therefore you go to the other area and kill the bad lads. Character developments isn’t all that great since the dialogue and voice acting isn’t all that convincing, there are moments which were meant to evoke emotions from the player but…it just doesn’t cut out which in conclusion, the story as well as the characters are forgettable (sure thing Mr Writer, you can kill any of these guys in the Ghost team, I wouldn’t be feeling sad to begin with anyway.)-	Graphics & Animations:There isn’t much to talk about this category either, the graphics is fabulous, the world scenario and level designs change frequently so it won’t give you a feeling that the game is repetitive by any chance. Animations is so-so okay as the movements and facial expressions could get quite rough at some point. If I remember correctly, GRFS were ported from Xbox 360 to PC (correct me if I’m wrong), the game’s performance isn’t all that good since stuff like frame rate drops and stuttering happen to me occasionally. But…if you’re a person who values the game itself rather than the graphical contents (like me XD)…then I’d say…it doesn’t matter anyway.-	Replay values:Keep this shortly, I’d say that if you’re a completionist then you can always go back from the start, doing the mission’s challenges to get unlock for your guns (Do X with Y; Don’t do Y then Z; etc.). Or play on harder difficulty if you’re a challenge seeker. (In my case I’ve already beaten the game at the highest difficulty.)-	Pain in the ars.e:UplayOverall, would I recommend this game? Yes, of course! For a price tag of $20? The same question can be made for CoD MW2 and the same answer I will give: Yes, it’s very worth it. However, I got this game during a sale and it was like $4 and hell nah, I wanted to pay this game at its full price. It’s an amazing game that will definitely worth every single penny you spent."
76561198077623263,Recommended,212630,33174581,Posted: 3 July,all,Elessar,"Pitch : You are a Tier 1 Spec ops team from the US army (mots likely, Delta Force, but known here as the ghosts), trying to uncover an international plot to destabilize conflict zones. As one of your team went down, you embark on an worldwide manhunt.Gameplay: overall, this ghost recon is very refreshing as the animations play a hugh role to the realism of your character. The game can feel a bit heavy at time, and the aiming system is not that great, but the game plays and feels very much like an interactive action movie. And I really liked the gunsmith system, ie being able to customize our gear (weapon, ammunition type, optics, barrel, etc) before going to mission.Graphics : For a game from 2012, it is quite ok. Some levels are nice, while some others show terrible textures. Definetely not at the top standards of TPS games, but quite enjoyable.Sound: Gun sounds could have been a bit louder as we don't feel the calibers here.Story : Ok, basically a usual Tom Clancy stuff. But I have to say, I like the atmosphere and how we can feel badass while extracting VIPs from a hot zone :).I do recommend this game for any military shooter, and don't be misled by the ""Future"" stuff. Yes, some gadgets make it very futuristic, but overall, it feels like a modern era shooter."
,Recommended,212630,27288537,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DontLickThatYeti,This game is genuinelynly fun.Personally I don't think its worth the money but its features are worth a try.The campaign lasted for about 8 hours or so.Overall good game
,Recommended,212630,33053654,Posted: 30 June,all,Sykes,"I wonder ♥♥♥♥ing why people hate this game, it works fine to me, just install uplay  to your PC, and your steam will connect to your uplay, but seriously this game is amazing, the graphic looks good, weaponry and stuff feels amazing with customization, the story is okay *haven't finish it yet"", 8/10, if you love stealth and futuristic weapon, you need to buy this"
,Recommended,212630,7843520,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,somberlain,"Terribly gimmicky, cliché-ridden, generic rugged tough guy military TPS. Worth every penny."
76561198098786644,Recommended,212630,25375325,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,RaizinBalls,"An amazing shooter. I enjoyed putting some hours on pc after I had played through it many times on the xbox. Runs smooth, looks great, and has a killer campaign."
76561197999416881,Not Recommended,212630,7798771,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Apocalypse,"Just a big slap in the face of the original Ghost Recon. While GRFS is pretty to look at, the overall gameplay is neutered if you compare it to the original. There is no challenge with this game; the player simply moves from one corridor to another blasting everything in his way. Unlike the original Ghost Recon, where players were expected to analyze their mission and decide on a course of action, GRFS is tailored to the FPS-kiddie crowd that just wants to run and gun. Sad to see that this is how the franchise turned out."
76561198089632666,Not Recommended,212630,8759241,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,rezzywoof,"I bought this game for me and my friend only because it has co-op campaign. Saddly when we tried to play it, the game didn't work. We couldn't connect to each other albeit we could add each other to friends in the game menu. Still when we tried to remove ourselves from friendlist it didn't work. Creating squads also doesn't seem to work. Constant connection breakdowns and failures. I even forwarded all my ports to my computer and disabled the firewall and antivirus to check if it works this way and it doesn't. I'm greatly dissatisfied with what this game presents. If you want to play this game with friends and the single player mode is not the ultimate reason why you want to buy it, then simply DON'T DO IT. It's a waste of money which could be spent in a much better way on a different game."
,Recommended,212630,23211841,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,An Eejit,"Needed to go toUPlay.comto get the newest, non-crashing, launcher.  No indication of that, I had to triage the issue myself and attempt something on my own.Otherwise, it's a third-person shooter; didn't expect that, but works. The tech toys in-game are interesting."
,Recommended,212630,22223101,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,TrevimusPrime,"A surpisingly decent game, with some dissapointing elements.Firstly, the PC port leaves a lot to be desired, and the game doesnt seem to be very well optimized when running in Direct X 11 mode. My machine isnt a power house, but Ive had newer games running on 60+ plus frames with no issue. Here, I was dropping to 30 or below, but this is easily fixed by just turning DX 11  mode off.The game itself is a fun experience, personally I played it single player, but I can imagine with 4 player co-op its a lot better. Its refreshing to have a game like this that is mostly built around Stealth, and avoiding open fire fights is very rewarding. Just like other Tom Clancy titles, your not a bullet sponge, so to have this built around sneaking is a lot of fun. Throw in some near future gadgets, camo tech and some gun customisation and you have a well built campaign to play through.If your playing alone, the companion AI is perfectly adequate, and being able to direct them (although in a limited copacity) certainly made the stealth elements and open fire fight very enjoyable. The AI was very rarely killed, and always came to my aid when I needed reviving.With the exception of the DX11 performance, my only main gripe is the story. It feels very throw away, and you dont particually care about why your doing what your doing. This understable, as the game is obviously a showcase of the (sometimes a bit too scripted) missions, rather than the main plot (why have Tom Clancys name attached at all then?).There will be those that will grumble about Uplay, but personally it never caused me any issues when playing.Recommended, and worth the money"
,Not Recommended,212630,32660864,Posted: 22 June,all,Deadlyalec,Very poor port. controls are not fully switched nor are commands.
,Not Recommended,212630,9856094,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Drakeor,"This recommendation is for longtime Ghost Recon players like myself.I was pretty excited for this game when it came out. The campaign and cooperative campaign will disappoint you. It feels incrediably linear and forced. There are an annoying amount of railshooting scenes where the game will literally yank control away from your character and turn you into a mobile tank.This is if you can ACTUALLY get the cooperative multiplayer to work. There are multiple threads on the community hub of people trying to get this game's multiplayer to work.Some gamers may like the direction this game took, but I personally would pass this."
76561197965578692,Recommended,212630,19592602,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,bugkill5000,"Great campaign and the MP was fun. Would have been nice to have AI teammates for Guerilla Mode, but that is a minor gripe. The highlight in my eyes is the campaign and the gameplay. The missions made the game have that military feel to it and the fast paced action was great."
,Recommended,212630,21946543,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Diamondew,"I love this game, I wish the next ghost recon will be similar to this"
76561197961216103,Not Recommended,212630,16427857,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Jobbo,"After the general awfulness of GRAW2 I thought they might have got something right, my god was I wrong.A friend and I got this with the intention of playing it co-op. Here are some problems we had:On Windows 8(.1) The game might not listen on the correct network adapter. You have to disable all those you're not using (probably caused by a poor PC port)My friend's game crashed in the same place, predictably and reliably. The only way to progress was to skip the whole levelGenerally finding and inviting each other on UplayThe frame rate is really bad (other games of comparable visual detail, age, and even some that are based on the same game engine, run fine. I know what my current PC is capable of).Thats just some of the technical issues, and most of them smack of another poor PC port from Ubisoft. Now onto the general problems with the game itself:The menus are awful and inconsistent. Is that selected or not? Why is there a select button AND an OK button? what am I selecting? why do I have to scroll using the arrow keys in this one screen? Why isn't there an arrow telling you there's more to the right? etc... etc... etc...Like nearly every other Ubisoft game, there is a split between game engine cutscenes and pre-rendered cutscenes. After 1995 there is no excuse for pre-rendered cutscenes. Ever.After the cutscene telling you whats about to happen, there is then a briefing screen telling you the exact same thing. Oh god stop talking.get the drone, queue up no more than 3 targets at a time and have the AI kill everyone in the map without ever lifting a finger or getting caught. The friendly AI are never detected when moving into position and never miss; why ever use anything else.get the massive robot, it no longer matters if you're detected, you are now god. Want him dead over there? click on him. Wow that was challenging.Some of the near-future technology like AR is believable but the cloaking armor is just utterly ridiculous.Customising your gun is the most pointless superficial addition to any game, and the awful menus make it a chore anyway.after you endure all the Uplay rubbish and finally get connected to each other, the net code is appaling... I suppose I could have predicted thatOver the last few years I and many others have seen Ubisoft produce consistently poor products. I'm ashamed to say that I'm only now starting to learn.I always wonder if Tom Clancy actually sees these games before they go out."
,Recommended,212630,28294949,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,CosmoeKramer,"Overall campaign is fun to play. Typical Russian bad guys vs the American good guys plot, typical ending, but no one really plays a tactical shooter like this for the story, it's more about how the game plays.First off, you can definitely tell this game is ported from the console version as at times controls are clunky and button callouts are that of the Xbox controller instead of your Keyboard/Mouse callouts. This in itself does not make it a bad game but at times it can be frustrating because you're used to having PC functionality in a PC game.In terms of gameplay, I thought it felt true to other games in the franchise and of course other Tom Clancy's games. Weapons are realistic, one-shot headshots are a thing, and you will die instantly if you peek enemies without thinking (playing on Hardcore difficulty). This is a game that relies heavily on your ability to think critically in the middle of a mission. You will want to stealth through but sometimes you need to take out enemies without alarming others, and this can lead to retrying at the checkpoint, or just outright dying because you weren't able to control your engagements.I was able to complete the single player campaign solo on Hardcore (hardest difficulty) in about 14 hours of gameplay, with there being about 11 missions, that is just over an hour per mission, with multiple retries on some missions that are frustrating to run.Overall I'd give this game an objective 7/10 simply because it wasn't bad, but it wasn't amazing. The gameplay feels rewarding when you complete  missions, but the cinematics look grainy, the console feel of the game even when playing on a high-end PC. If you are into tactical shooters and have a couple of friends to run co-op on, I'd say grab the game for a cheap price as it will hold you over until Wildlands drops in 2017, if you are a Ghost Recon fan, I would recommend it as well but if you're just a FPS/TPS player who is looking for a new game - do not focus on this game, instead get Rainbow Six Siege or Wildlands when it comes out in 2017."
76561198110685294,Recommended,212630,10638340,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Wealdhere,wtf is uplay cant start the game
,Recommended,212630,27765075,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Scorp10n,"I've only played the single player game, and have played it on Win7 and currently on Win10 and have not had any issues with it running whatsoever. I will be honest the old school Ghost Recon player wants to say this game is awful, especially how it likes to put you on rails, and limits your Area of Operations. ""We're not authorized over there."" Seriously? I'm across the street...However that would be disingenous. This game really is fun, not perfect, but a good time, with a good story. One of the best things is the weapons customizations, and the overall selection of weapons. The hybrid 3rd person/1st person is a bit disorienting at first, but it grows on you really fast, and soon you don't even notice it (Until the second to last check point in the game.)The graphics are really good, however it seems there are times when it gets really ""smoky"" with particle effects and the enemy gets really hard to see. (The resturant after killing the BMP and the The farm @ Fire Mountain, if the helo is still rotating)"
76561198278961808,Recommended,212630,30463206,Posted: 11 March,all,TheDiamondSh4rk,I have been a fan of Tom Clancy games for a while now. This is one of the best one's next to Splinter Cell. This game I would prefer to anyone who is a fan of tactical shooter games. Also the price of $19.99 is worth it for how much this game has to offer to you. even if you get bored you can play with your homies or go on a harder difficulty.
,Recommended,212630,14841297,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Red00vengsent,"GR: FS was generally a good game besides PlayU (yeah, I mean that.) and poor pc optimize (which could be solved by not using a amd graphic card), cool and story and with reasonable realistic, and the game does not force u to complete the mission with certain playstyle (mostly) which is good.but since this is a game made by ubisoft, you WILL find some bug.for the multiplayer, well, not much can be say since it's p2p connection and it's not call of duty, so there really isn't many player who play this. (all i can say is: multiplayer is actually fun)a review from a player who likes old school realistic ghost recon (like graw) and GRFS."
76561198069406659,Recommended,212630,8446110,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Voker GOD,its one of the best tom clancy games ive ever played
76561198100748125,Recommended,212630,8099348,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Tapp,AWESOME!!!!
,Not Recommended,212630,13939580,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Bela9a,This is essentially and console-port and a bad one. I didn't like the story or the combat because of it being boring and being far too linear most of the game the promise of the features are kind of non existened. Pls I f you  buy some tps cover based game you will find more better games and at sale cheaper.
,Recommended,212630,15274200,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,falcon64z8,Really fun game especially playing it coop with your friends.  Mainly played the single player missions and had a lot of fun with it.  If you are looking for a good action game with a good single player campaign I would recommend this.
,Recommended,212630,10152095,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Pl!zga,"A great game for the family. Introduces stealth tacics and assault tactics, making both styles fun to mix and match. The multiplayer is okay, and it is an amazingly fun game for a co-op party, except for when one of your friends refuses to play because he's on Chivalry."
,Not Recommended,212630,9304244,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,The Hon Dr. Robert Muldoon (PhD),"Ghost Recon: Future Soldier is a glimpse into the desolate wasteland that is 3rd person cover shooters.The story is a globe hopping fudge fest that features you saving the president of russia singlehandedly, manuvering world events like it was a 9 to 5 job, to shooting boat loads of South Africans, to endless rail shooting sequences.You cover the globe so readily in this game that it gave my whiplash.Thankfully there is a stealth engine, though it is simplistic. Your teammates arent held to the same standard as you are, just to make things easier. The gun play is below average, though it features a weapons custimisation menu that you'll never, ever use because your quartermaster is clarivoyant and knows the exact terrain/situation/encounter that you'll face.I payed less then five bucks for it and I feel ripped off.The future looks bleak, but the past looks bleaker."
,Not Recommended,212630,10258765,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Val,"This game is terrible, half the features advertised don't work. The game crashes lots, and the co-op and multiplayer features have a 99% chance not to work. Steam support will direct you to Ubisoft support, which unfortunately don't give a damn about PC gamers. While playing the singleplayer campaign by myself was quite fun, I bought this game to play with friends, and I regret to say, it was a big waste of money for all of us."
,Recommended,212630,17445873,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,CheezFace,"I  played this game TONS on my PS3 but right now, it's not fun after you complete the campaign. No-one plays multiplayer and unless you have a friend to play co-op with, there's not much to do. :(Pros: Very fun to play, sync shot, adaptive camoI feel it had beautiful graphicsVery cool futuristic stuffComplex attachment system making your gun how YOU want itCover system is coolUse of bipods is pretty new (I hadn't seen it in other games besides if you go prone more accuracy etc)Cons: Community is virtually dead right now.Boring without friendsAttachment system can be TOO complex for some :P (though there is a preset accuracy damage etc thing you can make for your weapons)A fun game, but without the multiplayer, it's getting boring D:"
76561198037850005,Not Recommended,212630,10798466,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,belatedcube1021,"(don't really know how to make it neither positive nor negative) the gameplay is really good... but it has uplay.  me, my cousin, and his friend were having a hard time connecting and I was getting really frustrated with ubisoft's really really really stupid uplay.  shame on you ubisoft giving good games a bad drm shame on you.oh and when I was installing the game (at the place we had bad internet so my cousin made a backup for me) uplay had so many updates.  I could barely do anything that night and my cousin had to leave.finally, we had some seriously weird glitches... the AI stood still, when we had to get to a certain door my cousin and his friend were in their circles but could still move around in it (they shouldn't be able to do that) and I could never be ""in"" my circle"
,Recommended,212630,22788811,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Rabbit,Still replaying.
76561197963584378,Not Recommended,212630,8707472,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,tozziFan,"linear single player campaign (nice to be played once, or maybe twice, in coop mode if you like achievements or have friends), frustrating multiplayer: interminable waiting times (no dedicated servers), crashes  (my effective playtime is very much lower than reported on Steam), cheaters kingdom: buy at your own risk :-)latest DLC maps are useless, because almost no one has them (you may play only with a group of friends)very good in 3Dvision, except when in scoped weapon zoom mode (unplayable there)"
76561197992121541,Not Recommended,212630,1362570,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Commandante,"As a Tom Clancy fan,this game doesn't make me satisfy.It is bad console port with bugs and boring lag that occurs even playing in single player and the most important thing that game has no addictive atmosphere and story.Streets and civilians looks so empty and dead,story is so cliche.Because of that I feel as if I am in the middle of huge emptiness when I play this.In my opinion,this game nothing more than an oppurtunity of playing usa's high tech military stuff.If you are Tom Clancy and Ghost Recon fan like me,don't expect  anything this part of GR.Go and play GRAW 1 & 2."
,Recommended,212630,9043851,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Jamedog,"Different to the previous Ghost Recon titles, however I feel it is very much underrated. The story is decent, but it doesn't drag on for too long. The ability to customise your weapons is nice, and cloaking is a very handy feature to have - especially when you do not have cover to hide behind. Your character will tend to run to cover after you've run out of cover, which is one of the most annoying things about the game, although the controls are solid. Graphics stand up well, without being mind blowing. Playing the campaign in co-op is recommended, however I played the story by myself and still had a blast.Definitely should be played for the experience, even more so if it is relatively cheap during a sale."
,Recommended,212630,8526820,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,rlibby15,"Highly recommended for fans of military shooters, first or third person. The game definitely has flaws, but the shootouts and gun play are quite satisfying.Pros:Awesome weapons/ weapon customization (like really awesome)Interesting visual style (all my opinion) with a cool hudcombat mechanics are top notch (sync shot etc.)controls are tight and responsive, competent cover systemLengthy campaign + challenges + multiplayer + survival = plenty of gameplaySound design and combat atmosphere both solidcompetent survival mode, cannot use custom weps :(In game animations and soldier models are quite good. Satisfying movement through the enviorment.Cons:Jumbled, confusing, and unoriginal storyBoring characters lead to minimal emotional investmentsometimes the visual style chan be overwhelming (there are often multiple semi transparent series of lines and overlays cluttering up the screen during mission briefings,Stealth system is of little valueSlows a little towards the endMandatory stealth bits are pretty obnoxious, fortunately there are few.Cutscenes and human models in said cutscenes are bad. A lot of deformed faces and body types.OVERALL: I'd probably give it an 8/10 and would recomend it to anyone who enjoys a good bit of 3rd person combat. Combat mechanics are really good, and the firefights are well paced and exciting. The story on the other hand is not.Theres a lot of fun shooting to be had here, just don't expect shakespeare.****ignore the amount of time it says I have played the game, I own it on the xbox 360. (yes I bought it twice so that counts as a recomendation in its own right)"
,Recommended,212630,24235293,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,xvermcr,"Review based on singleplayerI didnt expect much from this game, but it turned out to be an ok game. Lets say that 50% of this games content is enjoyable somewhat. Im sure the game is much better when played with 3 friends, but that wasnt possible for me. The AI partners are actually alright and its playable with them.I liked the stealth parts, although they were incredibly easy. Ghosting has never been easier. When enemy finds a body though, then♥♥♥♥♥♥gets out of hand. After finding a body they instantly spot you and your team mates, which doesnt make any sense whatsoever. A logic breaking but not game breaking, since the stealth parts are hard to fail anyway.There was way too much of forced combat, which really makes me question if I like this game or not. Ghost recon has been about combat before, but this game I would have liked without it. Its basic 3rd person cover shooter stuff, nothing special.The levels are awfully linear which is a bummer. Nevertheless the levels look interesting and have some cool stuff in them, especially the Kaliningrad and Moscow mission. The same is with the whole game as well:  It looks cool and tactical, but its not. Its pretty typical Tom Clancy game we would get from ubisoft these days. A boring shooter, which could have been amazing if they didnt aim for mainstream of today. Its cliche but its true.Overall, I barely liked the game. Its mixed, but I give it a thumbs up since a thumbs down would have been too harsh. Its a cool looking game, but theres no depth. However if its on sale for low price then go for it."
,Recommended,212630,26571588,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,VodkaStrike,"Like most of the Tom Clancy games, it is a amazing game. The story isnt the deepest, but i dont care about that much. The gameplay is what makes that game good. When you play it with friends (which i would recommend), you need to coordinate, because that game has a lot of stealth in it. You need to take down multiple enemys together or just sneak by them. The AI is pretty well made. You can mark enemies and they will aim at them and wait for you to shoot first. Also they are not useless in combat. Not like in most games they actually kill enemies.Another good feature is the Weaponcustomization. You can change everything, not only the color. Also you have ton of gadgets that will help you a lot.A Con of the game is that you need Uplay. Which is just useless.But all in all it is a good game."
,Not Recommended,212630,9837800,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,j061885,"I do not recomend this game because eventhough I do have a High-End PC the game is super laggy. I've tried to look on the internet to fix this issue but there is nothing out there to fix this problem. I also uninstalled and Installed the game but it is not a damaged file on the archives, I do have a high speed internet conection."
,Recommended,212630,7848417,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ProximusVX,Very good co-op!!.
,Not Recommended,212630,10960581,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,I'LL STIR FRY YOU IN MY WOK,Terrible console port. Not worthy of being called a tactical shooter. 0/10 would not almost shoot the presdient in the face.
,Recommended,212630,23234830,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Sckiz1,[TAW] Sckiz: i am 9.2 hours so far[TAW] Sckiz: if i am honest its not better than ghosts but its still a great game and its different as its 3rd/1st person which is only first wen using iron sight[TAW] Sckiz: and it has a very unique cover system[TAW] Sckiz: and great customising of the guns.[TAW] Sckiz: So why get it?? well look at the price and it is definatly worth it if you considering a new shooter to play. This game is enjoyable as co-op and as solo and I reckon will take off as multiplayer again now that this sale has been used to deag people back in. Graphics are great the game play takes getting use to but once you have a few campaign missions under your belt it becomes clear what you should and should'nt do.8/10
,Not Recommended,212630,8532960,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,3000,"I bought this game and all the dlcs,but after that i acknowledged that most of the service is down .So why does ubi stiil put dlc on the shopping list?high contempt this kind of cheating behaviour"
,Recommended,212630,9436618,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Tolain,"I'm surprised this game didn't get more acclaim. It had totally slipped my radar until I saw it on sale for a fiver. The gameplay mechanics are really fun. It lets you close between going stealth, or lightning everything up, and it does both pretty well.The takedown system reminds me of a less complicated rainbow six or the old ghost games, where you can plan coordinated strikes to clear out rooms and take out all the tangos before the first body hits the ground.The gunplay is great, the stealth is good, there are lots of cool future gadgets, and the combat is like gears of war with wallhacks. I'm pretty happy with this purchase. One of the better third person shooter/stealth games I've played in a long time."
76561197974898693,Recommended,212630,9570695,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,NotHisRealName,"Ignore the fact that the game is titled 'Ghost Recon'.  Just draw a mental line through those two words.Ok, now you're looking at a really good 3rd person game titled 'Tom Clancy's Future Soldier'.  ...much better.The biggest sticking point most people had with this game was that ""It's nothing like classic Ghost Recon wah wah, I'm  a little ♥♥♥♥♥.""The reality is that it's a fun, squad-based stealth/action game that is worth picking up on sale.Much of the game can be played as a strategy game, with use of the drones.  Simply set up a drone and tag targets, and your team mates will automaticly move into position to take the shot (feel free to tag one for yourself).  It's not all point and click, though.  Once a body is discovered, or someone goes loud, the♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan and you've got yourself some cover-based combat to work through.Lots of fun gadgets to help you out, like a cloaking device and sonar grenades, but more customisability of the firearms in Single Player would be appreciated (really, all you can do is just change weapons - but it's usually ok to just stick with what you're given).If you've enjoied Mass Effect, and Rainbow Six: Vegas, you'll enjoy this.Wait for it to go on sale, though."
76561198041274108,Recommended,212630,4735687,"Posted: 1 July, 2012",all,[SGS] Stealth,"Jeder der Taktische-Shooter mag, sollte sich das Spiel holen. [(!Aufwww.amazon.debilliger als auf Steam!) !!!WARNUNG: An alle die Ego-Shooter mögen: Dieses SPiel benutz Third-Person-View!!!]"
76561197994388102,Recommended,212630,10286224,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,wippet18,"So far the 16 minutes I've ""played"" this game has been at the loading screen while trying to get Uplay to work so that I can co-op with a mate.It seems the constantly clicking ""try again"" with the connection error issue eventually got me logged in (roughly 16 minutes) - but unfortunately all the time googling how to go about getting a refund for a game off steam looks like you're not likely to get a refund - which sucks.I thought Uplay was dead after Assassins Creed - tragically it looks like it's still around."
,Recommended,212630,9240720,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Onyx♛♛♛,"Definitely worth buying to start off. I've been playing this game with my friends doing the co-op campaign and I have to say i rarely have so much fun on games. Storyline is great an overall quality in terms of graphics and diversity is top notch. If you have money to spare and you're debating getting this game, you should."
,Recommended,212630,9216601,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Wizard?,"uplay is a ♥♥♥♥in horrible platform, ♥♥♥♥ it and to hell with its parts ♥♥♥♥in cant even recognise the user. How am I supposed to play a game I paid for and denied access? ♥♥♥♥ OFF"
,Recommended,212630,9228566,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,EliteLife,"This game is a really good co-op expierence. The graphics are excellent and plays smooth. One thing was missed in the controller configuration select screen was invert  Y Axis. In order to change it you need to download a program that lets you edit a .INI and a xinput.dll file, then you would copy those 2 files and put them in the same folder as the Future Soldier.exe launcher file. The controller would then have invert Y axis enabled for in-game aiming."
76561198002366342,Recommended,212630,9695394,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Soerensen,A really enjoyable game
76561198094878525,Recommended,212630,10078993,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,anonymous unknown,One of the best tactical shooters out there.
,Recommended,212630,2343535,"Posted: 28 February, 2013",all,Kozak,"A game with great but only partially implemented potential. Unfortunately, release of the game on consoles as well hindered much of possibilities for PC...Yet, the game still has solid gameplay, fluid dynamics and great weapon options to offer. Worth trying out."
76561198064606998,Recommended,212630,6360797,"Posted: 28 August, 2012",all,Devil,sehr geiles spiel grafik absouluter hammer jeden cent wert online is auch nicht schlecht kann man nur empfehlen
76561197995507721,Recommended,212630,1622886,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,Gr1ff0n,консольно гуано
76561198088819965,Not Recommended,212630,9392786,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Avatar,"Forces you to use Uplay and that service to me makes Origin look good. The SP campaign (can also be done in Co-Op) is basically a rail shooter, It has tons of loading even in the middle of campaign missions, and the MP is dead. I really liked GRAW 1 and 2, and the 2 Rainbow 6 Vegas games that are way better then this game is. I recommend you buy any of those instead of this game."
,Recommended,212630,5676589,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,Я ПЕКЛА КУЛИЧИКИ В НЕБЕ ПТИЧИКИ,"шикарная игра, мультиплеер затягивает нереально ) , правда постоянные вылеты достают, надеюсь игрушку отполируют, и её можно будет смело назвать ЛУЧШЕЙ )))"
76561198014426954,Recommended,212630,25825035,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,joegod81,"It's a great game. The graphics are excellent and the gameplay is really interesting. On the downside, it's a very linear game and you're not allowed to explore that much. I still recommend this game. Lots of fun!!!"
76561197976793622,Recommended,212630,12059804,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,johnny76,"It was a good game. I definitely enjoyed playing it, but Uplay is pretty annoying. Having to have both Steam and Uplay running to play the game is just stupid."
,Recommended,212630,11231147,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,DRM & Sparkles,Wont even start....uplay sucks
76561198050637603,Not Recommended,212630,11081664,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,oceanlife,"getting killed during a cutscene due to a glitch in the 3rd or 4th mission ... Apparently many people have the same problem, 2 years after game release still not patched..."
,Recommended,212630,1384341,"Posted: 25 August, 2012",all,-HvK-bremstone,"This game is awsome. I actually just bought it because I remember how much I liked it. I figured I would save 30 bucks and get it, NOBODY plays this on pc.  They launched an inferior MMO counter part and thats where everyone is at.  What a waist of a good game. I bought a campaign for almost half off, its not all a loss."
,Not Recommended,212630,9006598,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,jballou,"Perhaps the single worst game I have ever played. Took everything great about Ghost Recon and crapped all over it. Third person camera is impossible to use, having my camera shaken and moved in weird directions makes aiming impossible. Bad story design and voice acting, contrived and trope-laden story straight out of the trash bin that is the new Call of Duty line of ""The world is ending, and you will see every major action-packed part of it in person, because that's WAR!"" I tried so, so hard to like it, even after how bad the GRAW titles were, but I cannot in good conscience allow this crime against video gamers to continue to leach our money away in return for a half-baked ball of frustration like this. Please, Ubisoft, either allow Red Storm the freedom to go back to the design, concepts and unique vision that made the original such a genre-defining, amazing experience that we all still play 12 years after its release, or let it die with some damn dignity, rather than continue running it into the ground this way."
,Recommended,212630,11772101,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,The Chief,"Truly become a future soldier with this game.It features not only optical camouflage, the cross-com and synchronised headshotsas well as a much more interesting feature called ""gunsmith"".Gunsmith allows you to customize your guns even in the smallest details.The story is a typical Tom Clancy and does not feature a wide variety of mission typesor any major plot twists.Co-Op is available during the entire campaign, multiplayer and horde mode are included as well.Multiplayer appears to be completely deserted."
,Recommended,212630,11277336,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,RekkiE,"This game is a solid single player game from 16.07.2014, before it was a little glitchy and as many will tell you ported badly onto PC as ubisoft has done time and again.Pros:Excellent idea of tactically amending your weapons, and fantastically scripted gameplay.Weapon sounds , and music all create a great military 3rd person shooter.Your squadmates are decent enough to handle their own.Solid mechanics all round.Cons:Non existent Multiplayer mode.And that is not because the function is not there, it`s because in a 24hour cycle you may , and that is may be able to get into about 3 games.Horrendous connectivity rate. I could join perhaps 3 games on average every day, and that is continually trying.And even if you do join, expect someone to drop , it may just be you.Summary:As a single player game, this game was fantastic, but there are far more military titles out there that will keep you entertained for longer. Once the single player game is over, you crave for the multiplayer. But alas it is non existent. They have instead opted to create a free to play (Pay if you wanna get anywhere) model with ghosts. Which is online only, and I believe the only made it to appease the community for lack of a better term, multiplayer failure in future soldier."
76561198080010692,Recommended,212630,8436253,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MW_92,"This game has been out for quite a while now but i just recently got around to playing it, being a fan of the advanced warfighter games i was looking forward to future soldier but i must say it still really impressed me. To begin with the visuals are excellent and the voice acting, gun sounds etc are top drawer as always. Most shooters these days push on the whole action element, i.e your in an over the top situation and you take on armies of soldiers in hollywood blockbuster style action sequences, Ghost Recon Future Soldier plays exactly the way it should, your an elite group of soldiers nicknamed ghosts because people don't know they really exist and the game wants you to play that way. Your presented with a situation which you can imagine spec oips soldiers being in, outnumbered (but not drastically) you have the option of stealth and team work, scout enemy patrol paths and potisions and take them out quietly as a team or you can still go in all guns blazing and spray everyone to pieces, i found myself doing that occasionally. But my favourite part of the game is the uav drone, so many times i found myself lasering enemy soldiers and just allowing my team mates to pick up the kills, it allows a whole new approach and gameplay option to the modern (if not slightly futuristic) shooter. If you like the all out guns plazing action of say Call of Duty or Battlefield then this may not be for you, but if you like to go for a game that allows you to use tactics, p[lan ahead, use different routes and strategies each time while fully utilising your squad then this game id for you. Sure it has its odd annoying grindy shooter bits, the ai can be dumb but surprisingly not often and the missions can seem similar to the ones before but having the option of going in Rambo mode, using a more splinter cell espionage approach or being support with the drone, it keeps the game fresh as you play through. All in all imo a diamond in the ruff of the saturated shooter market we have today. 9/10"
76561198077667411,Recommended,212630,8564730,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Demon12,"I Really like this game more tactical then any other shooter game iv played ...With a 650Ti i can max the setting and it looks beautiful . Iv played Battlefield 3,4 and it seems more realistic the any other game out there.."
,Recommended,212630,14903031,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,bwZ_svK^,Great Game. 10/10
,Recommended,212630,811539,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"Ever since Splinter Cell Conviction I've been dying to see more stealthy action games. So, it is with great pleasure that I can inform everyone that Future Soldier delivers on this front. The tag-and-shoot element from SCC is back, now called Sync Shot. It works the same way; you tag up to 4 enemies and hold a button to shoot them down, all at the same time.The graphics are detailed and sharp, and the voice overs are once again solid. It's a realistic looking game, and it looks great in motion with all the visors and gadgets.Unfortunately the game becomes more of an action game during the last few missions - note that there's still some stealth involved, but it's more fast paced than the missions leading up to these last couple of levels. Nothing frustrating or annoying, but it's just someone people will notice I think.With 10 hours of gameplay (single-player) the game was also surprisingly lengthy.So - an incredibly fun game, and that's what games are all about.[Rating: 82/100]"
,Not Recommended,212630,9232239,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Win.Ston(),"I shall edit my review a bit,This game is not the game you would expect from a Triple A title game. It's so dissapointing to see a tactical game turn into♥♥♥♥♥♥ This game is nowhere tactical as you might think. The only tactical thing is pressing Q keys 4 times and press m1 to win.The first thing you''ll notice when you boot up this game if you have a potato CPU is that your frames go to near zero. To quote some famous youtuber ""The frame in the game goes zero, zero, zero"". I had to turn to the lowest setting to even enjoy ♥♥♥♥ing cutscences without fps lagging. This game engine is so poorly optimized that I would say Planetside 2's game engine is even more optimized. Hell sometimes the game just Alt+F4 without my input for no reason.As with most AAA titles, the singleplayer returns with the same ol' plot.""Nuke, russians, vodka blah blah omg nuke go boom we 'murcia coming in the day 2 save the ♥♥♥♥in' day yea.""I'll give credit for the singleplayer as it can be fun sometimes. SOMETIMES. Other than that it's just a   mock stleath game.Now the multiplayer... god who the hell was tasked to create the multiplayer for this game? A triple A title and there's no dedicated servers? No ♥♥♥♥ing server browsers? When I first played the multiplayer my game was plagued with problems. I kept on disconnecting from the game for no apparent reason, and when I even had the chance to play the multiplayer it was all like ""Hammer the crocodile"" game you have in arcades. That's the best I could summarize it. You wait for people to pop, you shoot, you win. Simple as that.Triple AAA game from Ubisoft that went through the quality control check. GJ Ubisoft. Go focus on♥♥♥♥♥Creed Bajillion ""'Murica strikes back again."""
,Recommended,212630,32715512,Posted: 24 June,all,Remus,dont see why people hack on this game but i love the story like the older ghost recon games
,Recommended,212630,17277199,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Bad-Raccoon,"Great game, but there is no online gameplay, so don't believe steam.Also, requires UPLAY"
76561198260693519,Recommended,212630,24640319,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,nananana BATMAN!!,Co-op isn't bad.Could be boring when u play aloneNow the servers are down.U probably can't play multiplayer but it is a cool game when u play with friends.
76561198059744777,Recommended,212630,13626138,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Niko( ͡°╭͜ʖ╮͡° ),"For the fluidity of movements and the graphic presentation, it is among the best. I do not wish to complain of anything else. How well it was presented was all that matters to me. Enjoy the game :)"
,Recommended,212630,14913410,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Isaac Clarke,This is a prefect game for you and your friends to become badasses
,Not Recommended,212630,10202191,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,RangerX3X,"This is a complete abomination and should be avoided at all costs (unless you like pretending you’re playing a poor console shooter on your PC). Poor graphics, linear game play and gamey mechanics are in store for the brave at heart."
,Not Recommended,212630,30231695,Posted: 27 February,all,David0vić,It’s an average third person shooter. It starts off strong but gets more and more repetitive and tiresome the more you play and it overstays its welcome. The best moments of the game were when you have to get from a to b without being spotted and the level design slightly opens up so you can get there in a few different ways but that rarely happens. The game mostly consists of linear cover based firefights that get really old really fast. There are some neat mechanics put into the game like the cloaking and the sync shot but it didn’t save the game overall for me. The enemy AI can be pretty frustrating especially on higher difficulties where you die so quickly because the enemy always tends to focus on you rather than your teammates even when they have a clear shot on them. I tuned out of the story fairly early into the game I thought it was just uninteresting as well as the characters themselves. It’s not a bad game at all just a very underwhelming one5/10 (Average)
,Recommended,212630,25421750,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Moonlit pvpro.com,must play
76561198026448207,Not Recommended,212630,15448036,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,204,"If you bought it (or plan to do so) for the multiplayer, then dont.The first mission might go smooth, it might not.When you get further, host and client will be exposed to issues like lost connections at _EVERY_ scripted scene, HUD appearing in the skies and intermettent invisible walls in the middle of your only path. Sometimes you might not even be able to connect to the session even after the host sent you an invite.Yet another title that did not survive the port from the puny consoles to the master gaming race unscathed.However, if you only plan to play through the single player, well, enjoy!You have been warned..."
76561198026706309,Not Recommended,212630,16882249,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Snoipur,NoGame doesnt deserve my review
,Recommended,212630,30524959,Posted: 15 March,all,[BGN]CRFox(US),This is the game that CoD:Advance Warfare and CoD: BlOps 3 got their rig system from
,Recommended,212630,17192616,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,[40-1] CptFoley101,"COOP is cool.MP is cool too, but is plagued by cheaters. Good thing there is friendly fire on. Harhar."
,Recommended,212630,33099604,Posted: 1 July,all,Joker♠,"I never liked the clancy stuff , but this is an amazing game or experience. just for the story or co op"
76561198028955299,Not Recommended,212630,7894972,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Just_Play Minecraft,"This game would be good on console but they ruined the PC version. The campaign still works usually, but the multiplayer is totally ruined to the point of being unplayable and sometimes the coop doesn't work either. Just save your money and get something else."
,Recommended,212630,14949291,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,Lenn'Reegar vas Alarei,you can crash your friends games after playing Co-op by ending your game exe in Task Manager. 10/10 would crash again.
,Recommended,212630,9199507,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Jake the Pug,"DIAMOND FORMATION, THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥IS TIGHT! YOU KNOW HOW DIAMONDS ARE FORMED, BY COMPRESSING ♥♥♥♥ING ROCKS WITH SO MANY PRESSURE MEASUREMENTS THAT IT BECOMES A DIAMOND. SHITZZZZZ!!!!"
,Recommended,212630,12826112,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,FluffyMcBunnykins,"As always with a Tom Clancy game I seriously enjoyed playing. It's that simple, the game looks gorgeous and can be challenging on the harder difficulty settings unlike any of the CoD series.The only real downside was that it ended, due to the nature of the plot surrounding your character it certainly left me with questions and makes me want more, which for a game now a days is somewhat rare.So I 100% reccomend this game and even if it feels slow to start just keep playing, you will not be dissapointed!"
,Not Recommended,212630,14310253,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,procrastinatingStudent,"bad port, still has console buttons unless my keyborad gets a 'LB' button when ever i play this game"
76561197979961681,Not Recommended,212630,22789040,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,HexeR,"Bought it because Ubisoft said it had open ended levels, challenging and intelligent AI, and it was the future of the Ghost Recon license.They lied and it has none of that.Buy Ghost Recon 2001 instead.  I can see they took GRAW 1 and 2 off of steam, probably because people would rather play those games than this steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥Stop forcing your ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥god damn multiplayer modes on us, NOBODY WANTS IT."
,Not Recommended,212630,9214663,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Bantha,Multiplayer doesn't work. All I got to do was kill one Mexican.
,Not Recommended,212630,14863063,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Karzael,"This isn't just a bad review, its an outright warning.  Do not buy this game.On offer, I thought I'd give this one a go.  Ubisoft and me have had a bad relationship of late, mostly because they cannot seem to release a game thats actually playable.  Some are arguably lucky, but when discussions of a games ""quality"" include whether or not it can actually be played at all...Regardless, I bought said game, hoping for some Tom Clancy goodness.  Well, in relation to the also decapitated Rainbow Six Vegas 2, this one came off worse.Damn you Ubisoft.The game began, after logging into Uplay, which if you need to dig up your profile, crashes steam and demands a restart.Once in game, on the menu, the game freezes every few seconds.  In the menu.  Nothing to do with the dreaded FPS issue I had been reading about.  The mouse froze.Could not see any issues in computer performance.  I even tried lowering graphics to help, changed compatibility mode, all sorts.  No dice.In game, after fighting with the gui for minutes to change the resolution to fit my monitor, the game froze in exactly the same way.  Even had this terrible screen flicker depicting the prementioned FPS issues.Had to delete content.  At 30kr (32 quid?), I am so lucky I got it on sale.Sinceriously people, check google before buying.  Some have got it to work and if you want to roll the dice and see if you are lucky be my guest.  I wish you luck.And as ever, I will be watching the release of TC's the Division with utter dread...Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,212630,10033096,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,quinton_as,"20hrs of Solid gameplay in the Campaign mode alone. This is one of the best Tactical FPS shooters I have played. The method of combat and variety of ways things can play out leaves this game well ahead of other ""Run & Gun"" shooters like BF and Call series.A game that deserves more praise!"
,Recommended,212630,10107034,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Urethron,"A whole mess of interesting ideas bogged down by frustrating design decisions and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Ubisoft DRM. When it's good it's very good, but those moments come less often than they should. Try to count how many times you ask yourself ""what the ♥♥♥♥ were they thinking"" when playing this game. It has a boring, throwaway story and uninteresting characters but that's par for the course in a modern military shooter. I'd still give it a recommendation, because the tacticool moments manage to outshine the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Get it on sale and play it with a friend."
76561198043038506,Recommended,212630,10160670,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Excelsior Celsius ॐ,It's ok.
76561197981855852,Recommended,212630,10241070,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,the.chad,"As the name suggests, owning it up as a future soldier.Nothing more satisfying than syncing a 4 shots to take down a group of enemies moving sector to sector!All while being camoflauged like the predator \m/"
,Recommended,212630,10259059,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Jaiph,"Definitely earns its underrated tag, though it's held back by some questionable design choices. Firstly, the gameplay mechanics are pretty much all terrific. All the gadgets serve useful purposes and the squad commands (like sync shot) are very well done. Your AI squadmates can also handle themselves for the most part and contribute at a decent level to any combat. Infact in many areas, especially when stealthed, you can leave most of the killing to them whilst you scout. Level design is varied and whilst the storyline and character are fairly generic, it's all delivered in a fairly engaging manner.Cons? Missions periodically use dated autofail conditions where you can't alert a single guard, must complete a task in a fixed period of time or cannot let a target get further than a certain distance away. The later two conditions in particular have a negative impact on gameplay as they force you into a run n' gun Call of Duty-style rush which the game doesn't pull off well at all. The use of these extremely rigid conditions also kills immersion. They could have achieved similar goals in ratcheting up tension without this autofail nonsense.Anyway, still recommended despite these annoyances - impressed me a lot more than the Advanced Warfighter games,"
,Recommended,212630,10111200,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Drakestein,"Is a good game especially if you have friends to play with, still the previous versions have better campaings"
,Recommended,212630,3526036,"Posted: 27 June, 2012",all,SAY10,"So far, so good. It's not the old school classical Ghost Recon, but evolution isn't always bad. There are some missions where alerting enemies means you instantly fail, so it still gives you a good mix of both worlds. The gun play is pretty good, but the mouse issues need some resolving if you have a mouse that is reported as ""not working"" with the  game. My PC plays it at 40+ FPS, with slight dips during heavy explosions or low visibility now and then, so just make sure your CPU and GPU are ready -- any quad core CPU and 256-bit GPU oughtta handle it pretty well. It also supports ambient occlusion, global illumination, DirectX 11, and tessellation.Other than the bad, the good things seem to outweight them. The game supports 4 player co-op so you can team up with 3 friends of yours and go through the levels, and it has the usual multiplayer mode as well.Overall, enjoyable so far. Check it out if you're a Clancy fan, or just like the slower, more methodic shooters like these."
,Recommended,212630,64757,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,draft-,Fun game especially when playing with friends!
76561198070781219,Recommended,212630,24270876,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,†Python-Regius†,"First off I played and beat the game mulitple times on mulitple systems, (PS3 and PC) however i only played multiplayer on PS3, that said I know nothing of the horrors on the online gameplay of this game on PC (Note, it seems MP is actually dead now)First off the story, its a mediocre revenge tale of a new ghost team taking on a PMC that killed the past ghost team, that and averting a global crisis of Russia being taken over.Graphics: I would have to say are standerd for a game of its time, not really special but still looks beautifulGameplay: This would have to be the best part, one word, GUNSMITH, to this date it is the single best weapon customization i have ever seen in a shooting game, that aside the feeling of being a secret team of highly trained soldiers never felt better, the optical camo which is the mainstay of this game and the option for sync shots as well as the tons of other gadgets make you feel like you are actually behind an elite operator, the story is a in between a short to medium game, the missions take a decent amount of time to complete if you are going for no alerts or going for the hardest difficulty.MISC: The sounds in this game are pretty good, aside from anything that is suppressed sounding like a .22 with a soda can on it. I have played through the whole game and i have never encountered one bug at all so that is also a very good thing. The way you unlock attachments and weapons is kinda annoying and pointless for me anyway, most the time the gun you want you wont be able to unlock till later in the game, once you get to that point though there is usually only 2 or 3 missions left, same with attachments but the good news is you can select missions and replay them with the newer weapons which is kinda fun just to try out the new weapons and attachments. The AI in this game is kinda a toss up, your team is pretty much impossible to kill and thats on any difficulty, however the enemies are accurate as all hell and bum rush you with shotguns and smgs constantly which can result in you dying alot if you are unprepared, overall id say the AI could use maybe a little improvment to make your team a little more realistic and less rambo like.Well overall I give this game a thumbs up, its a great addition to TC:GR not as hardcore as the others but it finds a balance between arcade action and tactical shooting which for most games is impossible to do nowadays (COD/BF)I would pick it up on sale if anything but once again i will note that the multiplayer is dead so dont buy it for the MP or CO OP"
76561198090538502,Recommended,212630,18484864,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,numzoroBeata,-75%
76561198047083963,Recommended,212630,15535150,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Snyggve,"- Saw it available on PC.- Bought it.- Noticed that it had to go through Uplay to play it.- Uninstalled it.For a more serios review: I got this game for the ps3 and I think it's such a great sneaking game/strategic shooter that I actually bought it for the computer aswell, just to see the difference between using mouse + keyboard and a controller.A big note is that the multiplayer/co-op is not nearly as good as the single player campaign.I also got madly disappointed when I noticed that to start the game you have to:Start Steam > Press the Ghost Recon: Future Soldier icon > Login to Uplay > NOW you can play.Steam, if we are using Steam as a product to gather all our games, why would you make it so that we have to go through other products (such as Uplay) to play the games you release? Proper ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t indeed.If having to go through both Uplay and Steam to play one single game doesn't bug you out, then by all means, buy this game. It's a masterpiece."
76561198186161373,Recommended,212630,26183763,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Scream ツ-iwnl,Its a nice game but a little old...
76561197994591810,Recommended,212630,8227274,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,The Fallen,I had a lot of fun playing GR:FS :)Pros:+great sound+awesome atmosphere+feel like a BAWS when simultaniously killing multiple enemies via order+varied settings/missions+many weaponsCons:-bad console port-very linear-weak story(telling)8/10
,Recommended,212630,9329344,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ASOuL96te,It's just GREAT !!!!
76561198035501746,Not Recommended,212630,14912390,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Knight Shade,Me and my roomate both got this game for 5 bucks. Ubigarbage crashes on both our systems after 5 minutes of sitting on the menu.
,Recommended,212630,9220449,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,This is Not a Snail,"I remember playing this on the Xbox360, and the Visuals made me want to puke, I'm glad to report it isn't the same with the PC version, in fact the visuals are something to love if you have a fairly decent spec system, the DX11 tessellation on the characters at points is laughable, but i'm sure you can get over that, they look very fuzzy during the african missions.This game, contrary to popular belief, does have a few elements from the first game, civilians being one of them, more to the point, civilians that actually die when you friggen shoot them. You are required to use the ""swift silent and (quite literally) invisible"" motto that the original Ghost Recon used, you stand around for too long, #1, you get bored and #2 someone will come over and shoot you up.Some of the features I liked, visuals aside, was the new stealth tactics employed in the game, even with your super amazeballs cloak of badassery on, you can still get detected, and it's story is pretty gripping, certainly the first mission, if you've played the game from Ghost Recon 2 onwards, you'll know who Ramirez is, and if you've played GRAW, you'll know who Allen is, and the first mission involving them, while I can kind of see some things, I personally would have done differently, being primarily a milsim player and a military nut, it was a good prologue to start you off, sets the mood, what you're after... then something bigger comes along and pow piddy pow! you're stopping a full scale war from breaking out... and there's four of you.It isn't the typical ""america vs russia"" crap either, in fact, if my memory serves me right, you're actually helping the majority of Russia at more than one point, against an international force of crooks and cronies.some missions are more relaxed, some missions carry a lot of tension, and some missions will have you on the edge of your provebial seat.and at some points, some missions will have you very infuriated, but in a good way.one thing I did like, and this is just a tiny thing that makes ol' Klaus happy, is when you throw a grenade into one of the buildings in the second mission, it blows up and some dust comes off the roof, I thought that was pretty cool, but this is the person who thinks fountain pens are cool.Gunsmith is an excellent feature, I like it a lot, it's pretty different, I mean you don't see customization options depicted like that every day, personally I think it's genius, I enjoy using it, and while this random dude called ""Marcus Kelso"" will advise you, you can take whatever weapon type you want. I would've liked this Marcus Kelso dude to be Marcus Brown, it would've made more sense in terms of context, but hey! who cares!?For those wondering where all the ladies in the game have gone, my theory, basing it on what Alicia Diaz ended up doing, is that all the Lady Ghosts, have moved into a specialized area of the CIA Special Activities Division, or have taken on support/HQ roles in the group, rather than have a main front line role.Personally, not having any more than one notable female character (twisting's pilot) in this game wasn't such a big deal, but with women being in all installments previous to this one (console versions for GRAW1+2) it's kind of out of character, for a better word. But like I said, you do appreciate not having many female Ghosts around, certainly ones that don't shut the hell up, not naming any names...But please Ubisoft, if you are reading this, and you are making a next installment, being able to choose your squad, and some women would be great to have back in the game.I did like the Melee kills, because #1, they make sense and #2 they don't half come in handy! they also look pretty cool, you don't just smack that guy with the butt of your gun, you smack that guy silly, break his arm and slam him into the ground, it looks pretty epic.Some features of the game could've been left at the door, though. most notably health regen, in the games before GRFS, if you got shot, there's a pretty decent chance that you'll die, in this one, you can get shot in the head but you take cover so you'll be fine in a tick. there's this very odd sound that plays when you hit someone too, it's okay, but it gets annoying in an onslaught. Then there's the ""you can't do anything else until you've done this that and the other"" palava, also known as 'tutorials' which I'm pretty sure in previous PC versions of these games except Advanced Warfighter 1, there was a separate, optional, level for it, even still in advanced warfighter 1 you weren't limited on what you could do until you did that one thing it told you to do, if you knew how to do it, you did it, if you didn't, you learned something new from, being honest, a quite redundant feature in almost any shooter.And then of course you have the ""unnecessary cutscene extravaganza!"" basically, if there's a door that needs opening, expect to have an uneccessary cutscene showing off tacticool movement and♥♥♥♥♥♥ y'know, all I did was open a door, it's not that significant! While it was pretty cool at first, it gets a little repetetive, and boring.It also has the typical norm in most shooters now too, on the rails shooting gallery-esque modes, in this one, that is 'diamond formation' where you have to escort a person from A to B with you holding that guy's hand, with your magically appearing pistol and shooting any threat to you or your new friend, because it's obvious that you as a gamer are not mentally capable of getting them there alive in the normal play mode. Aaand of course helicopter gunning, because, y'know, there's not an assigned crew chief for that crap in 2020- something.you'll probably allso notice at points, it still has xbox 360 button hints at places, the grenade change button is the most prominent, telling you it's the left bumper on the pad to change grenade type for those of you with a smattering of common sense, you'll realise that it isn't that button.overall, for what it is, it's a decent game, if you're like me and you've played and enjoyed the entire series, then you'll probably be VERY slightly disappointed by it, but if you take the game as a standalone addition to the Tom Clancy franchise, it'll go down pretty well, I sort of do a bit of both, I know it's got the Ghost Recon name, but it's a new game in its own right.I'd recommend this, certainly now that it's been patched and it works."
76561198045803624,Recommended,212630,18577135,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,DeoMidian,"Love the game.. good graphics, good gameplay.. feels tactical, if at times a little too easy.. But with the challenges it add replayablility.. The only thing I hate is that there's no matchmaking for campaign or guerilla mode.. leaving you to search players out on forums and rely on friends being online.."
,Recommended,212630,19241495,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,"I love this game because it is simply fun. This game does a lot of things. A lot of other games do most of those things better, but no game does them all like this one. Plus, who doesn't like synchronizing 4 headshots at once."
,Not Recommended,212630,22071141,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Red the Umbreon,UPlay refuses to connect even when the game boots up Uplay stops the game to try to connect cant play it = 10$ stolen rip 10$
,Not Recommended,212630,5622604,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Tonberry -~☆ ツ,"Buggy as ♥♥♥♥, no multiplayer (because the servers are bugged as♥♥♥♥♥♥, i cant play the game without borrowing my friends xbox 360 controller, and it random crashes all the time. and it is NOT my computer. i work with computers for a living. also tested this on friends computers. same♥♥♥♥♥♥there. SUCKS!"
,Recommended,212630,26527826,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,[SUN] Dust038,"Background: This was my first Ghost Recon gameFPS Customization: For a FPS this game has an exceedingly high amount of customization in its weaponry. Now I’m not talking about the usual sight, stock, camo color; Like I am changing out the spring on my shotgun for better stability. You carry your perfectly crafted weapons into battle with you. Given that you are a special forces member one should expect this level of customization to be available. Being a Gun Nut this is the best feature for me. I can spend hours just customizing guns.Campaign: I’m not going to spoil the campaign but it is predictable with the usual twists and turns associated with FPS campaigns. It has a good mix of loud and stealth moments. Setting up coordinated shots with your team is a great feature not found in many others.Over reliance on Stealth: So You have optical camouflage and yes with a name like Ghost Recon I see why it exists, but there are times when its use is a bit cheesy or overused. Not that I always have to be slinging bullets at someone but it’s a cop out. Maybe this is just me.Final Thoughts: This game (For its release date) brought new concepts to the table into the world of the Tactical FPS that it is still worth buying.As Always watch gameplay videos before buying!"
,Recommended,212630,846372,"Posted: 5 August, 2012",all,Shamanik,"pretty much totally ♥♥♥♥♥ing.what a horrible launch though, my game was lost for a month before i finally got ubisoft to hook up my account with another copy of the game. one not through steam. and i got it back again. w00t!!"
76561198062547070,Recommended,212630,23221704,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Aki,It is a great game at the reduced 75% off price.However this long after release and no invert controller support is unforgivable.
76561198174728802,Recommended,212630,17307994,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,SpicyTurtle220,Had an awesome campaign! a huge amount of customization which was too much fun to play around with and had a good multiplayer! The campaign was best with a friend on co-op and the high-tech feel to it was really cool
,Recommended,212630,9229567,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,-=ALPHA=-,Nice Game....Not Boring...Interesting and funhide and seek game..buy and play/..you will enjoy...sure game score is 10/10
,Not Recommended,212630,2956471,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,🐧 crow,goddamn irredeemable
,Recommended,212630,34863739,Posted: 10 September,all,KillSwitch,I NEVER played this solo but co-op is really fun with friends. Took some time to get used to third person view though.
76561198015519569,Recommended,212630,11967555,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,DirtyDog,Nice looking game.Shame there are soooo many issues with it.
,Recommended,212630,12021848,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Jacobs.CRAKRs,"Very fun/easy gunplay and fast, stealthy movement between cover."
,Recommended,212630,12199666,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Coverwatch,"Teamwork is the key! Future Soldier puts you in command of four elite commandos, taking dangerous missions in enemy territory. Going all out maybe an option, but coordinated silent bullets into your enemies' brains will please you more than buttstriking them (that's quite enjoyable too). This is no Call of Duty that you can stand against a full magazine of an enemy, three shots in a row and they send your ashes back in an urn. Go as a team and emerge victorious!"
,Recommended,212630,11869330,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Webbie,"When it comes to 3rd person shooters, I really enjoyed getting this game for $5."
,Recommended,212630,12177408,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Mou ( •̀ω•́ ),[ 10 OUT OF 10 ] This game is very amazing in my opinion!!! but it's need high spec to play :v( sorry for bad english -_- )
,Recommended,212630,9213707,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,☭,STEVE BLUM 1 THIS IS STEVE BLUM ACTUAL AEAHGRHRGHARGGR GRAVELLY VOICED MARINES
,Recommended,212630,9216117,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Demoz,Future Soldier: Bad Connection
76561198063980085,Recommended,212630,22532359,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,dflowers9999,This game is great!I just wish there was an option to have an intimate relationship with your team.That would make this game the greatest.I just really love men in tactical gear.Ummfff.8/10
,Recommended,212630,23420855,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,xQBER,Very awesome fu***** game to play with your friends! 12 Co-Op Campaign Missions up to 3 Players!
,Not Recommended,212630,10435470,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,2InchPunisher,cant play. didnt recieve activation key. Uplay is ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,212630,9215524,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,R4DFIELD,"If you ever craved some gears of war on PC this is probably what you're looking for since it's real similar how it handles. There is way more customization here though, focuses a lot on weapon costumization. Decent weapon selection, good MP game modes, survival mode and campaign. For the $6 bucks that the Digital Deluxe was on sale it's a great deal."
,Not Recommended,212630,16347684,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SkinnyJeanes,"The story is rather uninspired, the graphics are poor, and the gameplay is mostly uninteresting and often just annoying. All of the action is driven by the NPC, the player has little control of pacing and irritatingly often has no control at all as the game drags you along frustrating on rails sections. Checkpoints occur before cutscenes only some of which are skippable. The playwer also have little to no say in their loadout options until at a few hours in to the game.Honestly the only reason I didn't drop it immediately was co-op and that requires using Uplay, which is a whole different headache.Go play something else and hope that they make a new one of these that doesn't suck, because it has potential, some of the weapons are actually pretty cool, but it's not whorth it."
,Not Recommended,212630,8533580,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Leberwurst,"- this game is clearly made for console, not for pc- unbelieveable terrible controls without gamepad- the interface and menues are confusing as ♥♥♥♥! and clearly designed for gamepad- multiplayer gameplay more like RPG instead of being a tactical shooter (hard to kill anybody with his super uber hardcore futuristic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t abilities)- you need Uplay- you need ♥♥♥♥ing Uplay!!!- monotonous levels and linear design with no choices- no tactical demand+ covering system is ok+ graphics are ok+ story is ok+ interesting character abilities for singleplayer gameplay (implemented godmode yay)+ singleplayer is actually quite a bit fun+ atmosphereconclusion: If you are undemanding, you like ordinary gameplay, you hate multiplayer, you love third party software, this game is made for you!!! BUY IT! NAOW!!!otherwise try the prequels."
76561197996666224,Not Recommended,212630,14904776,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,DaftPang,Can't connect to host10/10
,Not Recommended,212630,9493319,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,reaperslayer,"If you bought this game from day one, you realized immediatly you wasted your money. not only did the game lag it sucked until 6 months after when they finally patched it. the campaign mode is decent the A.I. is great, but when you get on multiplayer, unless you have friends to play with, and i mean 3 other friends, not just the one, you get just random people who can't do anything or sometimes don't even speak a lick of english. NOT ONLY THAT, but the chat system is sub par, the game will not let you  edit your settings mid game, only from main menu, you can't swap weapons in game, which i would understand if you couldn't use gun smithing but you would think they would allow presets, but no. the communication with the spot button is♥♥♥♥♥♥ only allowing to communicate an enemy if you have it dead on them and they are visible, or your able to tell your team verbally. though this doesn't hinder you being able to toss out a sensor ball, but they can destroy those if you place them wrong. the cover system, kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥ if you wanna use your sights on an enemy behind you you are going to end up standing up from cover, if you wanna rush to a specific cover you could use the quick shift, but sometimes it doesn't let you go where you wan't. not only that but it is difficult as all hell to pull yourself out of that cover and it really restricts your reaction time to enemies flanking you. i could go on but all i can say is, if you want it for the single player, go for it, multiplayer though? dude, theres a free ghost recon game thats better than this, not as many gadgets mind you but the cover system  and movement, and all round communication as a team is better. [BONUS TIP: the ingame, does not have a chat button, only mic's, so if your wondering why your team is sitting behind spawn sniping instead of helping with objectives, better get a mic and possibly learn russian]"
,Not Recommended,212630,9214312,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Yourgrandma,Private match only coop. ♥♥♥♥ you. 0/10
76561198018446175,Recommended,212630,23185381,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,COM/RED,This game is delicious.I didn't beat the previous Ghost Recon Installments. I tried but it is just too hard for me.This one though is much easier what I prefer.
,Not Recommended,212630,12408032,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,GOLiathus,Multiplayer never worked properly
,Not Recommended,212630,14868344,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,PotatoFish [Aöi],"The co-op is a lie, if you're looking to buy this for Campaign co-op, forget it."
76561197960689557,Recommended,212630,9075904,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Vinnypop,This game is an Unappreciated gem playing alone. Add a freind and you got pure gold.
,Recommended,212630,12021465,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,safejrz,Good game though a little disappointing the fact you cannot customize the joypad controls.
,Recommended,212630,12237438,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,legous,"Fun game to play, prefect if you want to be rid of the COD gameplay. needs to have more players online via gurella challenege and multiplayer. Good story as well only thing bullet drop dosent really exist"
,Recommended,212630,7129492,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Blaze Strife,"i recomend it only for multiplayer, the second mission part 2 gets locked an you cant move"
76561198095973566,Recommended,212630,11537083,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,ExoZomkiller357,"Proberley one of the best action games ever, f*** call of duty , Battlefield and medal of honour this is amazing and sooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo addictive . 1000/10"
76561197988841589,Recommended,212630,8774925,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Kramer,great game
76561198014097607,Recommended,212630,2886924,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Schizm,best game ever
,Recommended,212630,9218898,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Spooky Pleb,"It's BBQ time, bring on the marshmallows."
,Recommended,212630,10400202,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Guynius,"Great game, epic AI, fantastic co-op functions. I'm kind of bored on shooters, but I really love this one!"
76561198009680976,Recommended,212630,11689756,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,|MgQ|ANGLEOFDEATH,awsome game
,Recommended,212630,12003002,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Darthbob,Amazingly fun. However it feels like the ending was cut short due to budget issues looming over the devs.Other than the ending and the ocasional bugs. Game is a must play.
76561198035412896,Recommended,212630,11542668,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Foczee,"Great game, buy it now dont worry about the hackers or cheats.Teamwork is key to capture the objectives in multiplayer conflict mode which is the best mode btw. Who the f??k plays singleplayer anyway.BUY IT NOW"
,Recommended,212630,10684722,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,#[HD]#KifLee,Nagyon jó grafikával rendelkező remek stealh-elős játék.
,Recommended,212630,10920512,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Most_wanted123,i like this game cant wait to see the second if they ever come out with it
76561198098144371,Recommended,212630,10571498,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,cardieack821,i purchased the game and the file is curupt so it wont evein launch the game and uplay is the dumbest thing iv ever see it makes the process of thelaunching sequance harder but its a grate game if i coul ever get it to work iv had this problem witth steam games before if anyone knowes how to fix this plz comment to me so i can fix it thank you.
,Recommended,212630,12388007,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AGreener,I very much enjoy this game. Standard 3rd person Shooter with some extra gimmicks but fun nonetheless.
,Recommended,212630,10371342,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,bicas,One of my favorite games of the Tom Clancy franchise. Gameplay is nicely tweaked and the multiplayer is cool but no one plays it.
,Recommended,212630,10683987,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ales,"By all means, YES"
,Recommended,212630,10896787,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,key,コスパが良いです。戦闘シーンがカッコイイのでハマります。Coopでキャンペーンができるのでみんなでやりましょう。
76561198068783471,Recommended,212630,23264873,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Prometheus,"Ghost recon is one of those games that i got on xbox 360 and i really enjoyed it no exceptions it has a story that keeps me interested as the story devlops the controls on keyboard are clunky and hard to get use to but the controls are meant to be play on a xbox controller so if you have one definitely use it i do its alot better with for me at least but the keyboard can be use overall love the game to bits  9/10 ""THE WARHOUND LOOKS DUMB BUT WILL BE THE USFUL THING EVER for all of one mission"""
76561198015963681,Recommended,212630,9266426,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,=OFAW=Watfudat,"I bought this game from steam and it will not go past uplay,,,, if u want to save ure money,,dont buy it,,maybe hard copy will work ,,,,good luck ... cant be friked going thru the fixit crap.."
,Recommended,212630,9268494,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,MEOW,COoll)
,Recommended,212630,3052418,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,iDEE,norm ;)
76561197973003713,Recommended,212630,14545327,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Legendary!!,love the single player its like being in the suck for real being that my job in real life is a infantryman I love the authencity
,Not Recommended,212630,10319284,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Teeth Paste,Its bad
76561198166787653,Recommended,212630,14920619,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TheDarkMessenger,love the third person its a good game for people who have a computer ade after 2012
76561198066692406,Recommended,212630,11821937,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,amarpal41,MAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAD GAME :D
76561198010140617,Not Recommended,212630,9829240,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[A.R.C] Omiley,"To be honest GRFS is a really good game handled very poorly. The game mechanics are very fluid and easy to use, the graphics are good as well. The only thing lacking was the game optimization itself."
,Not Recommended,212630,16434571,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Dark Willow,"I want to like this game. I really really do. But god dammit if its awful pc port, nagging technical issues, and Uplay attached to the damn thing like a tumor was not making this game into a nightmare. I got it on sale and paid like ten dollars for it, and the story, characters, and gameplay are all not bad, but the framerate issues, (it is locked at 62 fps for god knows what reason), technical problems, frame dips, and other issues make this game a really hard reccomendation. Sadly I am going to have to reccomend that you pass on this one."
,Recommended,212630,21437265,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Gonzo850,"Lots of features not seen in other games. Good linear story with lots of replay value. Lots of unlockables. Great coop action, multiplayer not so much."
,Not Recommended,212630,15959578,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Ethan,"I bought this game on pre-order and was very excited to play it, and it was amazing, but later on I had to uninstall it to make room. 3 years later, I decided to play it again for fun, but then I get U-Play pop-up saying I gotta sign in. After taking 20 minutes to hunt down and reset my account, it asks me to enter the CD-key. I entered the code and it stated that the key was already used, WHAT THE HELL!?WHEN I PLAYED THIS GAME 3 YEARS AGO, IT DIDN'T ASK ME FOR U-PLAY LOGIN ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T, IT DIDN'T ASK ME TO ♥♥♥♥EN ENTER A CD-KEY, AND WORST OF ALL, I CAN'T PLAY THE♥♥♥♥♥♥NOW TODAY!U-PLAY, WHY MUST YOU RUIN EVERYTHING YOU TOUCH WITH YOUR STUPID ACCOUNT ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T?!Back to the main point, this is completely stupid decision on U-Play's part, which makes my hatred for them to grow even more. This game really made me happy, due to the customization of the guns, but now, it's just a broken relic in my library now.My advice, don't buy the game unless you plan to go through the account ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t."
76561198017788609,Not Recommended,212630,10692123,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Lynoush,"Just like any other UBI soft games, this game is really badly optimized (UBI soft games are only friendly with Nvidia graphics cards)In addition, this game is really repetitive and somewhat feels incompletely made.It has some unique features and good potentials but it fails to keep the player's interest in the game."
,Not Recommended,212630,20187888,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LeeMeYou,"Can't invite friends to the co-op coz UPLAY is terrible, wouldn't bother buying.."
,Not Recommended,212630,14913623,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Rimelight,Uplay
76561197967284118,Not Recommended,212630,15659258,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Bork Bork,It doesn't work. It crashes when my friend does anything on Uplay. For a 3 year old game this is unacceptable.
,Recommended,212630,3047548,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Eisenfaust,"Так... Что мне вам сказать... Игра однозначно стоит того, чтобы пройти ее в кооперативе. Правда, даже на самом харде проходить лучше максимум вдвоем. Если игроков будет больше - окажется уже слишком просто. (Впрочем, если вашими напарниками окажутся такие же раки, как мой, то и вчетвером вам легче не станет. Вот.)Мультиплей, по задумке разработчиков, должен был стать уникальным опытом. Но увы. Богатый арсенал ультрасовременных технических новинок остается незадействованным и ненужным, потому что мультиплей оккупирует школота и поклонники всякой ""Контры"" и CoD, которые тупо носятся, стреляюи и собирают фраги. Тактике здесь не место.P.S. Попав в Москву, обратите особое внимание на ОМОН. Среднестатистический омоновец совсем не пугается убер-спецназовцев США и способен в одиночку забить их сапогом с набойками."
,Recommended,212630,10547790,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Commander German Shepherd,"The newest full entry in the acclaimedGhost Recontactical shooter franchise, Ghost Recon Future Soldier was developed by Ubisoft and released in May 2012. Originally planned for release as a console exclusive, Future Soldier experienced a relatively turbulent development cycle, with the game's release date having been pushed back by Ubisoft at least 3 times between 2009 and 2012, and the PC version going from ""coming out"" to ""cancelled because of piracy"" to ""coming out (alongside the console versions)"". Nevertheless, Future Soldier did see a release, albeit unfortunately saddled with a shoddy porting job and an obnoxious system of DRM, courtesy of everyone's friends at Ubisoft™.As stated earlier, Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier is a console port. An Ubisoft one no less, so expectations are understandingly lowered upon going into this game, as Ubisoft are very infamous for their lazy, bug-ridden porting jobs and their overall negative and condescending attitudes towards PC gaming in general.That being said, let's dive in. Future Soldier is actually a surprisingly good shooter in many aspects; a rarity among modern video games, and the modern shooter genre in particular. Future Soldier is also, however, an unsurprisingly bad console port. Despite being expected by potentially very many players to be so, Future Soldier's crude porting is a legitimate issue, and must be addressed as such. Remember, just because something negative is expected or ""the norm"" does not mean that it stops being a negative aspect or that it should be accepted.Ghost Recon Future Soldier differs a good deal from the rest of the Ghost Recon series in two primary elements. Firstly, the aforementioned console-oriented development/design of this game. Secondly, the fact that Future Soldier plays primarily from a third-person perspective with some mechanics that assume a first-person perspective. This transition is a bit jarring coming from earlier Ghost Recon games. The change isn't necessarily a bad thing however. A camera angle is only a camera angle; it's up to the director to make the best use of it possible. And Future Soldier does a pretty good job with making the best out of its third-person perspective, all things considered.The majority of third-person shooters I play leave me with a distinct lack of awe, and more often than not a feeling that the game would have been better had it been from a first-person perspective, with the given game's third-person camera seeming to be more of a gimmick put in place to make the game seem more ""distinct"" from the sea of similarly-feeling, similarly-playing first-person shooters released so often in modern gaming, rather than as a well thought out game design decision. Not so in Future Soldier. The third-person camera does not undermine or damage the player's ability to acquire targets in firefights, and the player is given the choice to change to a first-person perspective at any time while aiming, in order to gain more powerful zoom. In fact, the game's third-person camera often helps in acquiring targets from the safety of cover. My only problem with the camera system is the fact that the game has a very unimpressive default field of view (to better optimize the game for consoles), with no built-in option to change it.Speaking of cover, Future Soldier happens to feature a cover system. Now I know what you're thinking: ""Ugh."" Well, upon further inspection, it's actually not so bad. The gameplay doesn't revolve around being in cover or making use of the cover system. It's entirely possible to use only manual cover as in most traditional shooters, and Future Soldier even allows the player to assume a prone position, so use of the cover system is not a requirement by any means. Using the cover system is often not recommended, as the player is not immune from all gunfire in a 180 degree field in front of them while behind cover like in games such as Gears of War or Mass Effect, so players behind a specific piece of cover will often be surprised when they find that they just got killed by some fucҝer they didn't notice beforehand. And the player dies very easily when compared to how fast the game is otherwise, so smart choice of shelter is paramount when playing.Hiding properly is important when playing Future Soldier, not just to avoid gunfire during combat, but also because of the game's stealth mechanics. The game's protagonists belong to a special forces group who's purpose is reconnaissance and other similarly classified operations, rather than direct fighting. Staying consistent with the series, players in Future Soldier are usually influenced to avoid direct confrontations, as skilful use of the game's stealth mechanics give the player a significant advantage. To help the Ghosts with their infiltration, the player's squad is given several futuristic gadgets during gameplay. Included is an invisibility stealth field that activates when the player is crawling (the primary method of remaining undetected), several vision modes that allow the player to locate enemies through walls and other vision blockers, and the use of remotely-manned robots and drones. The purpose of the stealth is to use it to kill enemies easily and silently rather than avoiding them entirely, and every tool is geared towards that role somehow. There's also the ""sync shot"" mechanic, where the player marks a number of (up to 4) targets for him and their squad to eliminate simultaneously. On top of being cool as fucҝ, this mechanic is also somewhat central to the game's stealth, and learning how and when to use it is crucial to using stealth successfully.The game's single player campaign is arranged in a fairly linear way, with there being a briefing before the beginning of every mission. During that briefing, the player is given the opportunity to customize their loadout for their mission. Future Soldier features a deep weapon customization system, where players can choose from a large number of firearms and swap out numerous parts on them, gearing or optimizing them for different roles. This gives players some flexibility as to how they play the game at some parts, although the game's level design is static and quite linear, so you're still encouraged to bring specific types of guns to certain missions.Anyway, the single-player campaign is relatively generic and there isn't much story or characterization to speak of, but it nonetheless makes good use of the game's established mechanics, and provides enough content and challenges to give players a decent experience, and still have a degree of replayability. My favorite part of the campaign (and of Future Soldier in general) is that absolutely every single single-player missions ends in some sort of semi-cinematic, ""Black Hawk Down""-type set piece where the player and their squad need to hold out against waves of enemies while waiting for extraction or something similar. All these scenes are very well done, and unlike in similar AAA shooters, do not take control away from the player at any point, making them both cool to look at from a cinematic perspective, and engaging from a gameplay perspective. The best is probably the mission where the player is single-handedly sent into a Siberian prison with a HALO jump from SPACE to rescue the Russian president in a stealth operation reminiscent of Metal Gear Solid, which ends in a frantic firefight as the player mows down waves of advancing enemies while defending the president. Don't believe me?https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zL9c9JfWK9I#t=2230It's legit.Overall, while not being ""best shooter ever"" by any means, Future Soldier is regardless a very decent modern shooting experience, and easily worth dropping a few bucks on if you enjoy fast-paced, semi-tactical shooters. Beware though, the ѕhit optimization is no joke. This fucҝer blue-screened my computer at least 5 times just from alt-tabbing, so exercise some caution when playing."
,Recommended,212630,13059347,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,jssrfx,"First of all let me say, this is a great game. As far as tactical squad-based shooters are concerned, this is very well done. The tactical planning seamlessly integrates into the game play, you get a number of really cool gadgets to help you plan your assault, but at no time does it feel that planning ahead hinders or dulls the game play. Very well done!The instructions are clear, the objectives varied, and you get a great arsenal of weapons. The AI, especially your team members never gets in the way and sometimes it really does feel like you’re are part of a real time. The combat immersion is above the usual standard. As far as stealth/tactical/military shooters are concerned, this one is at the top of my favorite list for sure.As far as performance is concerned, on any even semi-modern computer you will get decent frame rates at 1080p. If you're struggling, turn off DX11 and run on DX9. I've not noticed that much of a visual impact to be honest.So, in short: If you like Tom Clancy based games, if you like tactical (FPS) shooters, if you have a little bit of a black sense of humor, get this. It's fun!Out of context, once again I don't understand those reviewers who are attacking Ubisoft (and their UPlay platform). Seriously, Ubisoft constantly pushes AAA titles, usually highly playable and enjoyable games, not perfect, sure, but no game is. If you are a huge developer of big buck computer games, you should have the right to push your own platform.I've never had any issues with UPlay; stand-alone or in combination with a Steam launched game. It provides cloud sync of save games, it provides rewards and ultimately, since a large amount of people (including me) never seem to have issues with UPlay, I would propose that whoever has, it's your problem. I'm tired of reading the flaming reviews of day-one releases and people picking on Ubisoft, just because they are unable or unwilling to maintain their computers properly and keep drivers etc. up-to-date.I don't work for Ubisoft, never have, never will, but I am an IT Professional, and I know that computers require maintenance and care to keep running optimized. Don't blame a game developer for something they cannot possibly do: Test each and every single PC configuration; a logistical impossibility. If a gaming console ever had one advantage over the PC then it is that one particular console is exactly the same to the next. Hardly one PC ever is, because most PC gamers, even when buying pre-built brands, will eventually upgrade with something that matches their budget or performance expectations.Just keep that in mind next time. And maybe, just maybe wait a few days with flame wars. If you want to let the developer know a game isn't working, fine, list what is not working, provide your specs and drivers, but don't do the whole ""developer XYZ sucks"" stuff. You know there will be patches. And seriously, if you don't meet the minimum, or recommended requirements, don't expect the game to run, or run well. Simple. Optimization is one thing, but I've read reviews of people that didn't meet the minimum requirements and then blame Ubisoft. My advice: Buy a console and stop insulting PC Gamers with your stupidity. </eom>"
,Recommended,212630,13098819,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Riot.x,Get Multi-Player comeback to LIVE Pls !!ONE WORD : TEAMWORK OP100/100
,Recommended,212630,29804043,Posted: 9 February,all,Atomic.Era,"Overall, this game is good as well. I've been playing for 25 hours and finally finished this game. This game has an interesting story, gameplay and graphics are quite good. If you like a third-person shooter game, you have to try this game. But this game has flaws, one of them is the dropped FPS in some scenes even if your PC specifications far exceed recommended. I would give score 80 of 100.Thank YouGood Luck Have Fun"
76561198066420095,Not Recommended,212630,16301960,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Sena Morda,"This game does not work for multiplayer and if a friend is already playing, both of you will be closed out immediately to desktop."
,Not Recommended,212630,17704984,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,worst player,"-Game is too linear.-Bad optimization (it says minimum: GT8600, Pentium D and for recommended: GTX460 and Intel Core2 Quad. I played it with a GT630 2gb  and Intel Celeron G1620 on low, 1280x1024. Had lag. I lowered to 1024x720, still had lag in mp.)-multiplayer simply sucks.The only reason to buy this game now is if you want to have fun with friend on Guerrila or you want to play the campaign CO-OP. If that's not the case, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,212630,29513946,Posted: 26 January,all,Kureba Akemi,"Love it, I remember I had this game on ps3, never able to finish the campaign.Play it now, its still pretty good. but no friend or online player to play with me :c"
,Recommended,212630,2606656,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,TJ,Лучшая игра кооператива в данный момент
,Recommended,212630,11797952,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Skelly,im not usre whats going on but theres alot of bullet shooting thats hapebbns and its really not sometimes caus theyre probably sad you shoot them but maybe not im not sure
,Recommended,212630,23562098,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Alpha Jester™,"TL;DR : Cover based shooter, decent AI, its as hard as you want to make it, good customization, some scripted events, solid above average game, and play on Elite if you think its too easy. I think you'll get your money's worth ON SALE.I bought this game on sale a year or two back and after considering buying it for a friend and seeing the reviews (recently) I was a little disheartened. So I won't disparage anyone's views, but here is my own personal take on playing the game through multiple times single player, coop with 2 others, and coop with one other.The game is a solid shooter and I had no trouble using mouse and keyboard to take out enemies as needed. Gunplay is solid, and it feels nice. The weapon customization is pretty deep, nothing crazy, but it is there. I personally liked battle rifle setups as its an in-between of sniper/assault that let me kind of be an all round.The cover system in this game is standard, and I heard complaints of the stealth being ""Too good"" as in near invisibility. Thing is, later in the campaign and on harder difficulties (my friends and I played on hardest difficulty) you will be glad you have it. A lucky shot from an enemy and you're down. One member K.I.A. (Which we heard a lot at first) and its back to checkpoint.The A.I. being called alright is an understatement, 30k has saved our asses more than I'll admit he did, but at the same time they do get in the way when you trying to stealth/move. But thats why you can direct the AI ""To a degree"" to setup where you want them to cover/etc and if you aren't using everything available in the game to play it, then how can you complain when it doesn't function perfectly?The game has a few scripted moments in slow motion that are supposed to make you feel cool, and the first time around if you manage to do them correctly, they are amazing. Some sections of the game also have instant failstates if the enemy is alerted, so the stealth take downs, careful planning of shots, and making sure enemies don't notice dead comrades is there in full and I enjoyed it.There are a few sections of the game where my comrades pretty much could ""Take heavy weapons"" and bullet hose their way through semi-stealth missions that felt lacking to me. Also they railroaded you a bit into going certain ways, but I didn't expect ""Open World Sandbox Recon"" like the new one coming out. Also people are giving reviews based on games that came out after this did and the ideal of shooters might have shifted?I had fun with this game, play a good bit of Mil sims and more casual shooters and arcadey shooters alike and this one is even fun to come back through for another 4-6 hour romp time to time."
,Recommended,212630,34644865,Posted: 31 August,all,Eggerd,"Only played the single player. Overall, a decent shooter that is quite linear. Nevertheless, I had fun for a few hours."
,Recommended,212630,34800440,Posted: 7 September,all,Moses,"A good game. Some cool mechanics, some cool stuff. Can be played with friends. Is really hard if you pick elite or higher difficulty. I have ended it in 14h."
,Recommended,212630,34888755,Posted: 11 September,all,dRy,It's so much fun and the graphics are beautiful. One of my favorite games ever.
,Not Recommended,212630,14900057,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Th3Exiled,"Having put many hours into the original Ghost Recon, I was disappointed with the way the sequels diverged from the gameplay from the first game. I haven't played any of the newer (ghost recon) games in many years. I saw this game on sale the other day and thought that it was time to finally give the series another go and try and not compare it to the original game as I knew it wouldn't play the same and I'd end up disappointed.Despite entering the game with an open mind I am very disappointed. I have not anything to say about gameplay. Honestly I didn't get that far. This game is obviously a terrible console port. It is unplayable on my PC. The game runs butter smooth however the method that the game uses to capture mouse movement and move the character completely breaks it for me. From what I've seen the game emulates your mouse as a thumbstick on a controller. This results in there being a maximum input on the mouse (as what would happen if you pushed the thumbstick fully to one side, you can't move any faster than that).Being a low senstivity gamer I set the sensitivity low (10/100) in game, this results in it taking ~5 seconds to turn around as no matter how fast I move the mouse it will not turn my character any faster due to the maximum input imposed on the mouse."
76561198011419587,Not Recommended,212630,14906916,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Obrez,"If the developers put half as much effort into making this game fun to play as they did making it look bad♥♥♥♥♥ it might be worth picking up. Despite the clunky cover system, monotonous gameplay, overdone lighting effects, and boring AI, there were a few moments of joy. The time between those moments however, which is most of the game, was a chore.The squad mechanics were interesting in that you still have control over when to start shooting while the AI squad members take their own paths. Unfortunately it leaves little room for true tactical decisions. The invisibility gig ruins the heart thumping stealth moments you'd experience in something like a Splinter Cell game. Now, instead of timing movements and frantically hiding, you simply walk right through with only slightly more than ""not a care in the world,"" only occasionally breaking concealment if you move too fast or literally walk right in front of someone.The synced shot is neat... for the first few times anyways... Seeing as the invisibility only makes stealth stupidly easy yet no more interesting, the game falls flat on the sync-shot being about the only semi-unique feature. This is highlighted by consistently finding enemies in groups of four, much like finding enemies standing side by side once the Assassin's Creed games introduced double hidden blades. The actual levels this all plays out in are not totally linear, but the gameplay sure is. Sync shot, camo on, move up, rinse, and repeat.The gadgets are all same stuff; different game. Drones and sensors that give you god-vision and can blow up. Neat, but nothing that makes or breaks the game. Not really much to say there.The cover system seems more concerned with making sure you see your character's bad♥♥♥♥♥animations than actually allowing you to have control over trivial things like aiming or moving. It's not the worst I've ever seen but it's certainly not the best.In the end, I was willing to accept the continuing departure from the roots of the series, but I simply did not enjoy GR:FS at all. If you like flashy action games with chintzy features that trick you into feeling like your are playing as tactical bad♥♥♥♥♥complemented by cool (but impractical) animations, hollywood-esque dialog, and surreal lighting, pick it up on sale. Otherwise, I unfortunately cannot recommend it.TL;DR: All flash; no fun."
,Not Recommended,212630,14887199,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,EXPAND AND EXTERMINATE !!!,Nice coop....KAPPA
76561198030900918,Not Recommended,212630,14890597,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Dvdave,DO NOT GET THIS GAMEI bought it for 75% off and still regret itCons:Uses UplayCo-op doesn not work or is just full of bugsno multiplayerPros:The single player campaign is still fun and is the reason i still play it
76561198005347124,Recommended,212630,34810167,Posted: 8 September,all,Baby Seal Hunter,"Not great, better than Wildlands."
76561198126716258,Not Recommended,212630,14877864,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Ugandan Child Soldier,"So I buy this game Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Soldier, I've wanted it for a long time. Finally I see it on sale, I buy the deluxe version because its only a dollar more, after dealing with all the uPlay BS (it was slightly easier because i had a left over account from Ghost Recon Phantoms) I finally got to play the game. the sceen goes black and prepares the game. I wait. And wait. And wait. IT WONT WORK AND I CANT EVEN GET MY MONEY BACK WTF UBISOFT?!?!!!?"
,Not Recommended,212630,14896302,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Manrage,"Unoptimized pile of ♥♥♥♥, multiplayer is broken to ♥♥♥♥, can't play with friends becuase ucantplay is still broken to ♥♥♥♥, thank christ I only spent 6$ on this pile of ♥♥♥♥, 10/10 uplay wins my money agian."
,Not Recommended,212630,14887187,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Xd,"Coop doesnt work, also UDontPlay"
,Not Recommended,212630,23210481,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Ma5taCooKi3,console one was good pc... instent refund after 1 day of trying to get multiplayed to work .-.
,Not Recommended,212630,8776196,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Coniferous,"I recently got a 1920x1200 monitor and was dismayed to find that this game does not support 16:10 aspect ratio resolutions, so you are forced to play with black bars on the top and bottom of the screen if you use a monitor in said aspect ratio. The game's co-op system functions only on rare occasions, seemingly controlled by the positions of the stars. Game performance is equally unpredictable. Entering certain areas in game causes frame rate drops of 30FPS or more, and for no apparent reason. I have a GTX 780 and i5 2500k and my monitor is running at a lower than native resolution; there is no reason I should be experiencing this. Technical issues aside, this is one of the best games I've ever played, but Ubisoft is a horribly lazy company and should not be supported. I recommend playing this game, however you shouldn't spend money on it."
76561197971892054,Not Recommended,212630,19465790,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,LAKERA - MAUKAS TILANTEKOKONE,Impossible to play co-op via UPlay...-FIx it UbishitThis game rocks but no co-op makes it worth nothing
,Not Recommended,212630,8031876,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[LTac] Edd BC,"Fan of earlier Ghost Recon games? Great! Me to! DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!This game is more action than tactics, which is everything that made the early ghost recon games great. In case you are wondering why I dont have much play time in this game, whats because I gave up and quit at about the time I was forced to endure an on-rails escort section, complete with big set piece explosions and mowing down of bad guys.Yeah.This game may apeal to some, but personaly, I feel that the scripted, grand action scenes are done better elsewhere, if thats your thing, and this game betrays what made Ghost Recon games great."
,Not Recommended,212630,8355918,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,🤔,DO NOT BUY. NO MATTER WAT THE PRICE. i bought it and dont get me wrong i love ghost recon beat the game on xbox and everything but when i got it on pc i have freaking black bars at the top and bottom of the screen and it ruins the whole game for me. Every single res does this and no fix i found works. i want a refund but know im not gonna get one >:c great this is messed up i used my money to buy a product that doesnt even work properly >:c
,Not Recommended,212630,35050479,Posted: 18 September,all,PAW.Predator,The first nail in ubisoft's coffinpre-ordered this piece of S* after the E3 they showed it in it directly from their web site because it wasn't yet available on steamfirst time i launched the game it was completely ♥♥♥♥♥♥ console port with no M&K supportand had to wait till they released a fix and the multiplayer didn't work for week or sothe funny thing is that the mission they showed in that E3 doesn't exist in the bloody game! what a jokeF*** ubisoft
,Not Recommended,212630,14892172,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DCnoobtoober21,Great game but uplay is a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥so dont buy this. Unless you want to take hours to verify the game through uplay.
,Not Recommended,212630,12510546,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Res1s7,"Seeing how good Ghost Recon Advanced Warfighter was this is just weird. This seems to be a minor trend of some game developers trying to ruin their own IP, the classic example being what Crytek did with Crysis after Warhead. But where Crysis 2 and Crysis 3 provide some interest once you accept that they are really completely different games than Crysis 1, Future Soldier is just embarrassing. I must admit I only played the first scene, but stopped there out of principle. No military team, certainly not a fictional one in the Ghost Recon series would open up in a market full of civilians. I don't know, maybe the Future Soldier team are the terrorists this time ? This is just a major no no here, not just because its plain wrong, but it throws out all the fun military accuracy and ""standing up for whats good"" that make the other games in this series interesting. There's no hold fire order, so I can't even step in and tell my team to wait until the civilians have gone away. The rest of the game feels off as well. The ""HUD gone bananas"" future theme just does not feel believable and is clearly not based on any actual research. Where in the first Crysis the Nano-suit sounds like something believable, even into Crysis 2 (yes I even read composite material chemical names on one PDA that I recognised from some science paper I read years ago about advanced omposite materials), the ""future"" theme here just feels pasted on. Huge level name and ""Huddy bits"" hover over the level as part of the 3D environment, probably meant to represent some ""super HUD"" display. But all connection with you as a soldier it lost along with all immersion. Crytek always include this kind of thing strictly from the PoV of the player so as not to break immersion. So, this game is not recommended by me. For future themes try Frontlines Fuel of War (underrated in my opinion), or if you like this kind of thing with sqaud mates following you around but with no squad commands then Medal of Honor 2010, or Warfighter is much better. Lastly my message to Ubisoft and other games developers ... when do I get soldiers back who actually follow orders ?"
76561198185189175,Not Recommended,212630,19432626,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Deadshot,"-The only reason we group of friends bought this game was for Co-op and it does not work.Not just me but for most of the people who bought this game.There is no fix from developersI have tried almost everything on internet but still it does not work Co-op or multiplayer.-The game forces you to get U-play as well another con.-The game is a bad port, yes, people in reviews were right.-Other than Single player Campaign this game has nothing to offerPlease don't waste your time and money buying this game then finding a way to be able to play it."
,Recommended,212630,20632311,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Inso vroom vroom,Easy game. IIIII IIIII IIIII
76561197970574411,Not Recommended,212630,431860,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,Mistake n' Potatoes,"This is a waste of money, a waste of time, a waste of effort, and it has wasted the smallest amount of faith that I had left for this company.  It's♥♥♥♥♥♥  Don't buy it, don't think about buying it."
,Recommended,212630,22509027,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,bluejay117,The call of duty ghosts that we always wanted
,Not Recommended,212630,8388415,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Officer Husky,"Fun but buggy. No coop campaign, worth 7 bucks max"
,Not Recommended,212630,14883394,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,mrVandal,"Co-op doesn't work, don't bother"
,Not Recommended,212630,18493146,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Allanushka,Horrible port.I am sure its fun if you get it to work properly.0000000000000000/10
76561198017768034,Not Recommended,212630,12141758,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Leighroy,Graphics are lovely but the whole game comprehensively ruined by no method of inverting the Y-axis. Every other game in the whole world ever with controller support has this option but not this one.Super-epic fail. Had I known that I would not have purchased it.
,Not Recommended,212630,10950504,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kozak,"I've played this game before on my PC; i know it works. It's quite good fun. But, after seeing the CD key box, selecting continue, and waiting for UPlay to start up, it does... nothing. Nothing at all. What a waste. Its a great game, but it aint worth jack if i cant play it."
,Not Recommended,212630,9298835,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,nooberific,Its an interactive movie
76561198082575574,Not Recommended,212630,9358982,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,FightingDuke,This game is great on the console but trash on the pc
,Not Recommended,212630,10588990,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"Buywer Beware, compeltely phoned in game development. It can't even touch or come close to Las vegas Rainbow 6. This is 3rd person shooter, clunky UI and control of movement, your ""player"" blocks half of your screen, making a 50% blind spot. If you are a fan of Rainbow Six shooters and were expecting something on par with Rainbow 6, move a long, this is a buy I regret, thank goodness Summer Sale reduced it's price.Third personClunky UI/MovementLaughable Weapon Customiziation and UtilityThe Game Features are cheap knock off ideas done poorly to make it easier on the devs, not more intuitive or fun for the player.Waste of Cash3.5/10"
76561198119607948,Not Recommended,212630,16495384,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,tedjej97,Do not buy this game for the co-op! It's impossible to join your friends
,Recommended,212630,33065663,Posted: 30 June,all,FvckingPOG,"""Hey, so, wanna sit through an unskippable tutorial level that you can easily fail even as a veteran of Ghost Recon games because we don't allow you to customize this early so the way we set the mission up does not gel with how you'd normally play through the mission if you had completely control over how you performed it and your kit?Please enjoy three missions like these, in which you are our Ghost♥♥♥♥♥ and have to sit through tedious cinematics, and you can't go that way, because it's off-limits, even though that's a good endround spot--hey diddle diddle, straight up our middle--and at a critical juncture we'll pause the game without warning and force you to complete a mini-mission the way we want you to.Do you like weapon customization?  Welp, we certainly aren't trying to teach you early on.  Once again, Ghost♥♥♥♥♥, you play the way WE want you to play.""My game crashed during mission three, so here I am with my first three level's impression, and I may go back to Wildlands instead of continuing, anyways.Not super-impressed by this one.Can I just just say Yes or No to recommend, and go for the middle It Depends?Well, fine.  It's okay, I guess."
76561197997667538,Not Recommended,212630,10224460,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,TEUTONIC 360,"glitch laden , with NVIDIA or AMD cards. Would have been better off using a fresh game engine rather than a souped up GRAW engine. Loved the series from the start, hopefully the next one is better"
,Recommended,212630,11437986,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,CRUSTY TODGER,"This game is nothing special, no. But it does offer awesome gun customisablillity, and a fairly good story line :) overall a great game but not worth £9.99"
76561197994103639,Not Recommended,212630,10195987,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,I'mDoritoYou'reJustCornChip,"0/10Bad game, very bad game."
76561198027039165,Not Recommended,212630,19443439,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Retro,"nothing special about this game just another war game.need uplay ,game has low frame rates,game crashes sometimes and no public coop or local coop.Im glad i got this on sale."
76561197993703405,Recommended,212630,30339836,Posted: 5 March,all,UZI SUICIDE,"It's been half an hour, I have not even played the game yet, I'm having to F  U  C  K  around with useless Aidscancer of the balls uplay.  I've never had an interaction with uplay that wasnt♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥i n g painful and a massive waste of time that diminished the enjoyment of the game itself.  ive managed to get as far as the title screen of the game, and its been such a chore I could have played TF2 and had some fun instead.  guess I'll play this and uninstall it and hope to avoid uplay again untill the next time I forget how sh it uplay is and buy a ubisoft game.Hey Ubisoft, nobody wants your sh itty 'service', we have Steam already , youre bringing nothing to the party except dogsh it on your shoes.Im gonna say recommend the game because it is probably good."
,Not Recommended,212630,25277854,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,★KoalaBearsAreBADASS,"Yeyeye its tom clancy's. Dosnt mean its good.>The AI are sluggish, stupid, unchallenging, unresponsive>Optimization is poor, clearly an xbox360 port because it gives me xbox controls such as the left bumbper (LB)>30 FPS cutscences which is a dead give away it was a console port>Gampeplay no fun, shoot through walls to kill. WAllhack sim 2k11>Online servers are no longer supported, cant play with friendsFor £3 yea maybe pick it up, wouldnt recommend it"
,Not Recommended,212630,18688911,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Tom,"I pre-ordered this. I had great hopes. But nope, they got screwed terribly. Ubisoft has once again botched another game with potential by insisting on using their own online services instead of Steam's. The controls are terrible as well, making the game hardly playable."
76561198081043682,Recommended,212630,17623125,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,ATacticalLemoN,This game is good but the cutscense are so dramatic and long. i recommend playing this game with friends the campian will be much funniner
,Recommended,212630,8679453,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,alx,Nice Game
76561198076326463,Not Recommended,212630,9404965,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Goose,"Do not buy this game if you want to play multiplayer, it doesn't work"
,Not Recommended,212630,10977965,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MASHManiac,"Full disclosure, this review is based on the single player campaign only.   I have been a big fan Ubisoft's Tom Clancy games, from the original PC Rainbow Six and Ghost Recon games though the XBox 360/PS3 generation.  I wanted to like this game, I really did, but as a single player experience, I can't give Future Soldier my recommendation.  First off, this is a pretty meh port of the console version.  Graphically at times the exteriors look pretty decent, but interiors tend to look low-res and muddy.  Also, don't expect a lot of graphic options to tweak.All that aside, my major issues revolve around AI and gameplay problems.  The friendly AI is not the sharpest and tends to get shot a lot, even in small firefights.  The enemy AI, as is typical with many ""squad-based"" shooters, has a tendency to focus in on the you, regardless of the relative danger presented by your AI controlled squad mates, as if to acknowledge, ""those dudes aren't very sharp.""  The implementation of the mark & execute system, borrowed it seems, from the latter Splinter Cell games, is nicely done and provides a welcome tactical element.  However, most firefights descend into chaos, which DOES happen in real life, yet unlike real soldiers, you very much need to babysit your AI counterparts in the heat of battle.  And therein lies my biggest issue with this game, it sits somewhere between a tactical squad-based shooter and a third person action shooter, while not being a shining example of either.I suspect there is fair amount of fun to be had as a four player co-op experience, and the overall design seems like that is what the devs were aiming for; I would grudgingly give it a thumbs up for a like minded group-just don't expect to be blown away."
76561198102550462,Not Recommended,212630,10896329,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,XxavionnxX,like the game but you need a powerful computer to enjoy it. Otherwise it is unbearably lagy. Also for some reason it dosent want me to get past the Peshawar mission. Mostly because it cuts out right in the middle of it. It might be because I dont have the DLC's. Plus it doesn't like jumping over walls because you fall through the map sometimes. However if you got the right computer and figured out the bugs it's a good game
,Recommended,212630,23249513,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Weibo,such a nice game... (recomended)
,Not Recommended,212630,16614764,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Poomar,"My mini-review is from my solo experience with this game.Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier is a boring, uncreative, and generic shooter. I played the first few missions and I was extremely bored the whole time. The dialogue was uninteresting and mundane while the story was nowhere to be found; it felt as if I was just doing random missions. Maybe it picks up later in the game but I was honestly too bored to continue, and that is not something that happens commonly for me with video games.The gameplay is just as generic and mundane of the rest of the game. It consists of running, shooting, and finding cover. There are a few gimmicky items, such as the sensor grenade and the drones, but most of them are usually useless and found myself not using them too often. The gameplay is so repetitive and has no substance behind it. I just kept doing the same thing over and over again and none of it was any fun.Honestly, there are about two good factors I can think of about this game, and none of them really redeem the game for what it is. Firstly, the UI and style of the game is fairly nice and slick. Secondly, some battles can get intense for a bit but then it quickly dies down and has you repeating step after step, killing enemies left and right like there is nothing to it.If you are going to buy this game for a solid campaign, I strongly advise against it. As for the multiplayer, it is pretty much dead. If you get three more friends who want to play a boring game and somehow make it fun, that may be the only way to somewhat enjoy this title.4/10"
,Recommended,212630,11023272,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,skillmaster cs:soucre,yeah cod ghosts
,Not Recommended,212630,18470451,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Vladislav,Not well optimized[amd r7 370}. 1080p = 30fps
,Recommended,212630,10440343,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Neverhood,"*** BUYER BEWARE ***Multiplayer is broken! It plainly does not work. I bought this to play in coop, and it does not work. For me it was a complete waste of money!"
76561198016259188,Recommended,212630,15326324,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Squarehead,Nice
76561198089333181,Not Recommended,212630,18418873,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,G U C C I,You need to use Uplay enough said
,Recommended,212630,9540093,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"The game is OK. It is not really a deep and meaningful game but it is fun. It is similar to splinter cell conviction but here it has a reason to do this (while I hated splinter cell conviction to have destroyed sam fisher's saga). The gameplay can be (actually SHOULD BE) very tactical. You can give very simple orders to teammates. It is a not at all as tactical as older ghost recons, but the overall gameplay style is ok and well balanced. You can't really go and shoot everybody, you have to plan something first. Graphics are nice with some spots like 'what the hell?' with awful textures and some flickering shadows, general level design is also nice. 12 hours to complete the campaign without worrying about achievements. Good game if cheap (not more than 10 euros I would say). 75/100"
,Recommended,212630,22258992,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,2easy,It is a very good third person shooter video game. The gameplay are amazing.
,Not Recommended,212630,15491160,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Funkynutz,"Another buggy mess from Ubisoft... It has potential, but like most ubisoft games these days it feels unpolished, unfinished, and a bit of a chore to play.Random bits of text floating in the sky (one of ubisofts overused ""featuers"" of projecting text into the game world in 3d instead of just displaying it like any normal person)...One of the few recent games by Ubi where you DON'T have to climb up a tower every 5 minutes to watch the stupid spin around the tower camera animation (another one of Ubis over used ""features""), so it's got that going for it I suppose...Additional: Decided to have another crack at the campaign, and I'm sort of getting into it. It's still a horrible buggy mess at times. For some reason using DX11 makes the game looked washed out with over the top ♥♥♥♥♥♥ post processing, and makes it crash to desktop a lot - using DX9 instead and it looks a lot better... Still about as stable as a drunk on a one legged stool. Randomly minimises to desktop, process randomly decides it's not running anymore and you instacrash to desktop...While I still won't change my review to a positive one, if you forget that it's supposed to be a Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon game (or if you've never played the earlier games), and you can put up with the glaring bugs and performance issues: you'll probably enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,212630,24060394,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,desconectad0,"Don't buy this game if you're looking to play coop, continous disconnections.Also if you are not a fan of console games this game is not for you.."
76561198020633953,Recommended,212630,23547456,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Spermy,"Ghost Recon is fun, this Ghost Recon is fun. Any Tom Clancy game is fun, this one in particular. The campaign is fun, co-op, even the Guerilla Mode is fun(Survival). Not a very active community, but still can find players. Love this game, hope most of you buy it."
76561198060859626,Recommended,212630,8389253,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[Based]Shazaming,Best tom clancy game there is. Entertaining mix of tactical and arcade slaughtering. Highly recommended.
76561198023972153,Recommended,212630,9927454,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,ashes,Recorded hours says it all.. Worth the time :D
,Recommended,212630,2874313,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,Mr. Octus,"A great shooter with a more than average storyline, a tad cliche but still very good. A few bugs but overall a solid game for the PC. Definitely worth playing for the campaign. The music was also fantastic and fit the mode."
76561198013564974,Not Recommended,212630,13176112,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Fawkes,"Co-op completly broken owned the game for a while, called ubisoft told me pretty much to♥♥♥♥♥♥off no refund. So ♥♥♥♥ me right? Also cant play single player as of now because it uses ubisofts ♥♥♥♥♥♥ log in thing on top of steam (cant connect to their ♥♥♥♥♥♥ servers to log in)"
,Not Recommended,212630,14150563,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Yuki Kazama,Even Phantom is better
76561198285479000,Not Recommended,212630,22072349,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Leavyon Blake,"it was really fun when it was working ,but it just stop lunching"
,Recommended,212630,16862874,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,ChopperTkk,Why ghosts why not phantoms
,Not Recommended,212630,16520957,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Maew,"I'm a veteran from original ghost recon. never play any advance warfighter beforeto sum it up THIS IS NOT GHOST RECON!!THIS !!!! is just a spliter cell ripoff with 3 companion in campaign . I'm literally so so so angry  for those dare to put tactical tag on this game..... where is the tactical part???? the part u freely walk in invisible cloak to get to better position and execute the 100% sync shot ?? dude even the chimpanzee can play this so call tactical game maybe we should deploy monkey as foot soldier rather than human. yeah I know this is not simulation game either.apart from that there is no any planing, the gameplay and level design is straigh up u either choose go loud or silent just that u cant give any order other than synch shot to your squad .the level design it self is terrible there is perfect route u can take to flank or surround the hostile???... NOPE!!! invisible barrier (why don't they just blocked that route with some object in stead of wasting my time try to walk there)if i have to give this game other name I wold sayTom clacy's splinter cell : the imbecilefeaturing inovative play shoot'em upI could go all day for how terrible this game is"
76561197970614306,Not Recommended,212630,16510947,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Gudomlig,"no option to invert axis on controller for pc. wtf, seriously.  plus runs through uplay, which is kinda annoying but no anywhere near as annoying as ubisoft apparently deciding that if you want to play this game with a controller you must not care about not being able to play with inverted axis.  seriously first pc game in years that doesn't offer what i consider to be a fundamental option.  glad for new steam refund policy, first game i've ever felt cheated for buying!"
,Not Recommended,212630,16130356,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,moppy107,I bought this game with the intention of playing it with my xbox 360 wired controller only to find that you cant invert the right stick. I've always played inverted so it feels nearly impossible to play this game. Seem like an easy fix for Ubisoft and yet it hasn't been. I dropped 20 euro on this game and the experience has been ruined for me by a simple oversight from the developers.
,Not Recommended,212630,16231066,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Cutty,"Pile of crap. Clunky, on-rails shooter taking the worst of Tom Clancy games, Call of Duty, and Gears of War and combining it all together into something utterly un-fun. I was prepared for a somewhat frustrating console port, but this was way worse than I'd imagined. Don't waste your money like I did.Or go ahead and do. Just so long as you install it and try it right away so you can immediately take advantage of Steam's new refund policy."
,Not Recommended,212630,17025307,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,ApexCity,"I love this game. But on PC IT SUCKS. IT RUNS LIKE COMPLETE CRAP. Im sorry but ur better off playing it on a 360.To summarize, Dying light is better optimized than this."
76561198035650566,Recommended,212630,15966535,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Dr. Deadzone,"this game holds true to some of its older ones same mode of murphys law: if you see a bad guy they are only in trouble but if they see you first you are dead, by note a descriptive remark from a charicter from an older game in the serise: stance target area and even what type of engagement plays a role here...teammates are more powerful then players: however this is an advantage as there is a extra chance not to fail some chalange because of that same team power... however it can fail just as muchmultiplayer is kinda meh: camping IS highy encoraged... due to cloak being more effective for laying traps but a flashbang to the face will still♥♥♥♥♥♥off anyonecoop is fun mainly if you walked in not ready for something you generaly will be able to put together a proper plan for whatever you're attempting to do.... it will never work the first time... if you are making mad dashesall in all this game is ment to be played slow and smooth to get a highscore... or fast and reckless for a fun day of ah crap moments, it will throw both at you so, there is some wit needed for mastery. any person can play this, as long as you know you can and prob will be killed with one bullet. that being said do not play this like cod or bf, it will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, plays more like covershooter with ninja cloak in sniper elite slow movement pays off mode...."
76561198071642780,Recommended,212630,8567352,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Nickolas the clown,One of the best tactical shooters out there
,Recommended,212630,19633912,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,X.P.E.R.T,One of the best third person shooter i played :)
,Not Recommended,212630,16025512,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,ItsPlanetJ,"When it says the memory needed, I had even higher than it expected to have. So I download it and it lags alot, and crashes my computer 3 times. When you see quality I see a crash bug and that wastes your money. DO NOT BUY THIS GAME AS A WARNING TO EVERYONE. If you think the video looks good, the game is worse than you think. I want my money back, but I found out it was too late too find out it was a rubbish game."
,Not Recommended,212630,12089917,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Hitt_and_Run™,"Decent Tom Clancy title. It only provided me about 10 hours worth of gameplay as the single player is very short and easy. I couldn't find even one full game for multiplayer without waiting 3 hours for a lobby to fill. If you have money to burn it's okay, otherwise spend it on something more worthwhile."
76561198017623425,Not Recommended,212630,12177612,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,SnottisTheCacodemon,A model example that console gaming is killing all quality in games.
,Not Recommended,212630,24219855,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,The Nferno,"Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥port, it makes Watch_Dogs look like an amazing port. Literally Unplayable, idk how I even managed to beat it."
76561198065595596,Not Recommended,212630,23974185,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,FROST,"So just bought this game and I cant even play it. The Ubisoft Uplay isnt working. Apparently i cant play the game unless i sign into Uplay......-_- wtf.....anyone a way to fix this? If there even is a way to fix it, or play without having to sign into Uplay."
,Not Recommended,212630,24063793,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,decimation,Fix the crashing issue !
,Not Recommended,212630,15105535,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Mancesco,"Forgettable.Ghost Recon used to be a great tactical shooter, where strategy and full control of your team was the key to success. Now with Future Soldier it's been turned into yet another generic mindless action-packed linear shootfest.I will not dignify such disgraceful mess with any more attention beyond the time it took me to complete it."
76561198013024780,Not Recommended,212630,20187177,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,DeGroot418,"The story looked promising and had some potential but in the end its all just action and explosions but not the kind that should be in a Tom Clancy game, in fact TC games used to be about tactics and realisim, now R6 Vegas and GR have turned into ♥♥♥♥ing cover based shooters where you hide behind a wall and blind fire. GRFS does have some cool optical camo that changes the pace of the game from ""wait until the sentry turns around"" to ""optical camo, line up the shots, take them out. I only played this game solo but you can do it coop with friends and I believe that would change the tone of the game a bit because some times the AI would be able to shoot throught hills and for some reasons solid concrete using a 5.56mm round. As for the multiplayer; its all hackers by now, last game i played i got killed from the other side of the map through 4 buildings."
76561197960396704,Recommended,212630,31638467,Posted: 8 May,all,HarryB^,Originally I bought it for xbox one. I was a skeptic at first. My pc couldn't run this game. My pc died though so I upgraded. I have a gtx1080 and my god the game is pure beautiful.  On Xbox one I had a complete blast. On pc its even better.  I basically bought this game twice.Pros:  You might think from watching youtube vids that using drones is lame or that you can just go into an area and run and gun ( I thought the same). It's not like that. This can be hard.  You have to tag the enemies it helps alot. Especially on hard modes.  The game forces you to strategize and you'll appreciate it. I love strategy thinking.The weaponry is fantastic. Alot to choose from. And it feels fantastic when you kill stuff in this game.  You'll like silence entry frags and when you have to use non silent weapons it's absolutely fun.There is alot of fun in this game. It's different each time you enter a base or a site. Sometimes you can manage to get unidad and santa blancas to fight each other.The hud movements are great. You can turn fast and zoom in on the dime.Singleplayer story line is okay. I feel like a special forces kinda guy doing the missions. And thats the point.  I absolutely don't mind travelling to a mission 10 miles away because you will always come across a side mission or pickup valuable loot.Your friendly AI or the bots assigned to help you are really an extension of yourself.  I only use them to revive me and help me spot enemies. I rarely have them shoot unless were chasing or fighting heavy fights. You'll do the same. You'll learn to ignore the stupid things they do.  They don't get spotted by the enemies even if they are right next to them.  You're not going to care about that. The fun factor over takes it. You'll know what I mean.Coop is fun. BUT I honestly don't care about coop. I like to play my own pace.The map is absolutely amazing. Helicopters everywhere so you get around easy. But watch for sam missles.Con's : well they fixed alot of the major cons.
76561198313955642,Recommended,212630,29390079,Posted: 20 January,all,Halton Police,Favorite game
76561198110249662,Recommended,212630,32791512,Posted: 25 June,all,Rihansua,"Here is a little tip in advance, you need a Uplay account and if you have forgotten your password,switched computers or email, without replacing it there is no hope for you to play this game without making a new one.(EDIT) After some comments I realise I forgot to mention that I have no problem with the game itself. It is the fact that uplay is REQUIRED just to start the game like many other ubisoft games."
,Recommended,212630,33282820,Posted: 5 July,all,vip76◥◣.◢◤,Nice story
,Not Recommended,212630,29182944,Posted: 11 January,all,Spitfire✪,"Randomly crashes, support doesn't even anwser me"
,Recommended,212630,28097346,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Reichsmarshall Goering,A really nice game but the challenges are... well.. pretty annoying in my opinion
,Not Recommended,212630,29473818,Posted: 24 January,all,The Name's Pat,"This game is practically unplayable for me. If I would want to complete the campaign I would have to restart the game after every mission because for whatever ♥♥♥♥ing reason, the fps drops from 60 to around 30. If I continue onto the next mission, the fps will be in the 20s and high teens making any sort of combat damn near impossible."
,Recommended,212630,23245162,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8/10 TJBs
,Not Recommended,212630,16235679,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Poiso,"Here's an example of Ubisoft watering down a great game series.Sure, the concept is cool, but with unrealistic stealth segments, and teammates that cannot get detected by enemies, you're left with some poor enemy lines of sight and even less of the GRAW 2 combat system. You cannot command teammates to hold certain positions or man stationary guns, not to mention the ""Ghost Lead"" that doesn't even give orders. The only commands you can give are to ""shoot this guy"" or ""blow up that car"".As for multiplayer, Phantoms is free and basically the same thing.Oh yeah, and when they ported the game from the 360, they forgot to switch the control scheme from Xbox controllers to the keyboard. You're left with a HUD that tells you to push LB instead of MOUSE3.HOWEVER, if this game happens upon a sale and you can drag 3 of your friends into getting it, put it on the hardest difficulty for some tactical cooperative fun, where ANYONE can get detected!"
,Not Recommended,212630,20137507,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,What Anime?,"First you gotta download the ubisoft game launchAfter you do that, the game should work fine right?Run the game and put in a name, game crashes to desktop.If you refuse to put a name, it blocks you access to the entire game (Even the options), except for the extras tab which doesn't help you with anythingI can't even unlink my steam from Uplay...10/10 What is life without a name"
,Recommended,212630,20438335,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Angry__Bull,Badass Simulater 2012
76561198099742160,Not Recommended,212630,20603217,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,VoidWalker,"Terrible looking port. I know its a last generation console game but man this is bad. Flat low res textures everywhere.Multiplayer is full of hackers and level 50 characters. Spawn, die, run, die, getting shot from every directions, through walls. Fov is the most narrow in any game i have ever seen. Most frustrating multiplayer game i have ever played. Completely,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥E D."
,Recommended,212630,21028123,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,"I played the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this on the xbox 360. I loved the damn game soo much. The multiplayer when working was the best there was. It required communication with your teammates and cooperative play too. One man on the drone, One with a lmg for suppressing fire, and ghost to run around hacking people so you could get your coordinated kills. Coordinated kills were the best way to score points and come out with the victory. We would hack the team and leave one guy alone and then hack him once the rest respawned that way you can just know where every enemy is at all times. As for campaign we played the hell out of that too, favorite mission was the mission with the secondary mission of breaking 40 necks. Game gets a 10/10 for fun. Only got a few hours on the pc but would recomend it to anyone for a $10 and under purchase because its not worth $10 anymore, You can see how COD copied this game shortly after this one came out."
,Recommended,212630,20375312,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,FALLENV3GAS,"FALLENV3GAS Reviews Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon Future Solider | ""At least it's not a twenty story set of stairs...""11.5Hours to Complete►TL;DRExpectations can be wrong. I expected a generic Third Person Shooter and what I got was a great one with a good amount of options from mission structure to customization to general fun. Each environment / mission you could tackle which way you like and diddent feel like you are replaying the same mission.In depth...►[Performance]Some random frame drops no matter what your settings are on. Annoying but not the bad port everyone made this game out to be. Other than that it ran smooth and dident crash.►[Graphics]Good but textures can be weak in areas. The game looks gorgeous and each enviroment if that be in the deserts, the city or the snow top mountains the game looks different and actually requires you to approach each mission differently. In the deserts you have to deal with a sandstorm that limits visibility or the bright lit city has a higher visibility than normal requiring you to move from cover to cover than to be reliant on your stealth camo. This gameplay really makes this less than a generic action third person shooter to one that actually gives you some freedom.►[Gameplay]The actual gameplay is what you would expect. At its surface its a average third person shooter. Cover system, shoot from cover ect. But what changes it is the missions and gear you get.Right out the gate you can tackle almost every mission either stealth or loud. With some exceptions where it does force you to one playstyle for story purposes. Both playstyles have their own pros and cons. Stealth: Leave guards be but if you mess up they will be reinforcments and make you goal alot harder and usually leaves you in a bad position. Loud: Dead guys cant hurt you but engaging with them it tough requring you to thin the ranks out and sabatoge vehicles before engaging.Gun customization is the best its been. Really choose what you want your gun to look like as well as more importantly perform like. You can change a semi-automatic shotgun into a long range fully automatic shotgun that shoots fire rounds. Yeah its freaking sweet. Gadgets are just as diverse.The AI is solid. They actually help in firefights and the ability to do a 4 person squad takedown at the same time not only so good at clearing at but also sweet. It never felt overpowered as you have to tag them and that usually meant getting close to them on foot to mark them or using your UAV which left you in a vunerable position. Choices. The levels are linear with some open areas that offer wider range of engagment but no real purpose. Story is meh. Its interesting and has its moments but I would not remember it a month from now.►[Replayability]Outside of the stealth or loud playstyle in the campaign the horde mode does offer enough content to keep you engaged. The multiplayer is not bad too but matches are a struggle to find.►[Conclusion]Overall this game is solid. Go in thinking its a average third person shooter and be surprised at the content, customization and mission structure. This game is one of the better Tom Clancy Games and easily one of the better Third Person Shooters. Easily.If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow mycuratorgrouphttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/FALLENV3GAS#curationhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/212630/"
76561198130890344,Not Recommended,212630,19557304,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,VaChina Punch,What happened to the Ghost franchise?Also hackers everywhere. gg Ubisoft.
,Not Recommended,212630,33824771,Posted: 26 July,all,Comrade,"A great game, ruined by a lazy PC port that won't even load into the first mission.With no fixes.And Uplay.Thanks, Ubi."
,Not Recommended,212630,14894307,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Jelly,"0.5 hours in... Crash, crash, error, fatal crash, CRASH. You may have fooled me this time Ubisoft, but I won't be buying from you again any time soon."
76561198070646890,Not Recommended,212630,29368308,Posted: 19 January,all,God Of Mafeiness,"This is one of those games that worked really well on console but the port to pc was rubbish. This game eats up too much resources for the level of graphical fidelity it offers and the game will crash every now and then, including on Co-op, which was the whole point of the game after you complete the campign. Nonetheless you do get some pretty in game customisation options for your ghost and plenty of guns and attachments to choose from. However once you finish the campaign there's naught to do really."
,Recommended,212630,5623916,"Posted: 25 June, 2012",all,Neko? ♥,PRO PRO PRO PRO
,Recommended,212630,9248996,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,MarineOnTheCeiling,"Bit tricky to remember what button does what, making it a bit unweildy, and all the customisation features can make for some interesting weapons. All in all, great graphics, excellent mil-tech and even though most of the stealth levels are infuriating, they're infuriating in a fun, addictive way, like candy crush, but with guns... and stealth..."
,Not Recommended,212630,321322,"Posted: 28 August, 2012",all,Konrad,I can not recommend this game for PC!  It is very unstable and a horrible console port. Ubisoft and Tom Clancy should be ashamed.4/10
,Not Recommended,212630,17546757,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Reptilienski,Ubisoft:All the players are♥♥♥♥♥♥so they should eat this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,212630,34322928,Posted: 18 August,all,Arzt,I'm deh spoopy ghost
,Recommended,212630,14903038,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,lilcinnamonroll,Died from a car explosion.   10/10
,Recommended,212630,14900942,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,wotintarnation,such a good game campaign ibut the multyplayer sucks and no one plays itgood controls and gamepad supportdefinately a game to buy
,Recommended,212630,30815812,Posted: 29 March,all,^1GaZe Mr Pickles,any one up for a game of guerilla mode?
,Not Recommended,212630,33956984,Posted: 1 August,all,Eagle_One_,"The game looks amazing graphically!The maps are great!Weapons are great!Gameplay and the sprint are terrible. Drones, markers, seeing the enemy with infrared/through walls is a terrible idea.Single player is fun as hell!!!This game has so much potential to be great. Let's hope Ghost War doesn't make these mistakes."
,Recommended,212630,12675037,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,≡][≡ Sɴᴜ Cʜᴀɪɴᴢ ≡][≡,YES.
,Not Recommended,212630,32260995,Posted: 7 June,all,SlamifiedBuddafied,"This is a limited review, as I've played a few hours on my Xbox-360 before and little time on Steam.Honestly? It's just bland cover based shooting. Decent enough graphics and appears to be fairly decently optimized, but the gameplay is just boring to me. It has it's good features that are apparent, but everything just feels rigid. I know my game time is low on Steam, so take this as the grain of salt that it is, but go play another shooter and pass this one up. I couldn't get into it when it came out and I can't do it now. It's just a mediocre game in the sea of cover based shooters. So unless you're a big fan of the Tom Clancy series of games or have some money to burn, don't bother with this title. It's one of those games where once you've played the first level, you've basically played the entire game in what it has to offer."
,Recommended,212630,20935251,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,PandaCG,the mud looks really good
76561198052100502,Not Recommended,212630,12645540,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Straroll,"Dont buy it, do yourself a favour.I have been trying to play with friends for 3 hours now.i wish i could have my money back, this game is REALLY not worth it.P.S    Uplay suck my balls"
,Recommended,212630,20961635,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,NYET_Synth...,"i liked it, dont kow why so much people hates it.....its like splinter cell black list but improoved on military scenario."
76561197969747882,Not Recommended,212630,22387901,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Racerboy,"Game was purchased before uplay. They moved it under uplay without validating my key so game won't start. Ubisoft idiots won't fix the problem. I call that theft, lawsuit pending."
76561198025609238,Not Recommended,212630,8082763,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Si,"crashed very often, questionable graphics quality (max settings), startup bug stopped me from finishing the game very close to the end."
,Not Recommended,212630,10687360,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Big Boss,"So I have a computer that can run Battlefield 4 on Ultra 1080p/60FPS, but this game is so horribly unoptimised that I get 20FPS at 720p with minimum settings. basically unplayable. I can't recomend this to anyone. 1/10"
76561198262544689,Not Recommended,212630,19348302,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,KGB-Putin,TOTAL ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T. I couldnt even start the damn game because it never gives you a cd key and guess what? you need one to play it because uplay needs to suck its♥♥♥♥♥untill its intestines turn inside out. dont waste your money like i did
,Not Recommended,212630,23194274,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Blip,"I want to like this game, and I would if the optimization was poor.  It was fun when I could stand the low framerate, but that didn't happen often.  Do not get this (for PC, at least)."
,Not Recommended,212630,16709810,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Crazy,"Fun game, can totally play with your friends all the time with no problems whatsoever"
76561198129069538,Not Recommended,212630,12392680,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Tha DAKKADAKKA,I hate this game but i especially hate ubisoft. 9 hours and 20 dollars later and what do i get? EVERYTHING BUT THE FREAKING GAME. IT WONT EVEN START THE GAME. JUST CRASH AFTER CRASH. Anyway... dont even bother with this game or ubisoft. All they do is screw you over with overpriced games with terrible quality. -10/10
,Not Recommended,212630,11162853,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Ryshek,"Highly disappointed in this game, it feels like they tried to copy COD modern warfare and removed every aspect of tactical gameplay and replaced it with ""action"""
76561198009283722,Not Recommended,212630,13572394,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,jake-maga-rfv,"Do you enjoy mindless-action sequels to games that had great tactics? Do you enjoy terrible performance from a game that has textures from 2006? WELL THEN, DO I HAVE THE GAME FOR YOU!"
,Not Recommended,212630,23217713,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,RexTheFox,"I really don't like saying games are bad, because some games has their good and bad times, but this game... this game lagged and looked like♥♥♥♥♥♥ i the game was to loud so i had to mission to change that, then i had to watch the same cutscene again, (Not skippable) only to find out i turned it the effect/voices up again, and had to watch the cutscene again.. and when i finally got into the game, the game started to flicker and the shadows was just terrible. Not recomended for meJust buy the Tom clancy's ghost recon from 2001, thats so much better."
76561198050303625,Not Recommended,212630,9932232,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,"hello,mother fu*ker",this game sucks there are a lot of bugs in the multi the single is kinda of only shoting less talk i relly dont recommend to buy this its just waste of memory and money and this game have not get support from ubisoft  DONT BUY THIS GAME IAM WERNING YOU DONT BUY THIS GAME LIKE I DID I AM  REGREATING ABOUT IT EVERY MIN OF MY LIFE AND THERE A LOT OF CASES THAT THE MULTI DOESNT WORK AT ALL
,Recommended,212630,29482494,Posted: 25 January,all,Lametta,"It's a decent 3rd person shooter. (just talking about sp.If it's on sale and you have nothing else to play you might just buy it.The story is boring the characters are forgetable (you dont even know their names)but the mechanics are okay. The game is around 8-9 hours.There are some mechanics which might turn you off.Like the ""wallhack"" every fps/3rd person shooter has.Though you probably can spend your money on other/better games."
,Not Recommended,212630,18509334,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,SnowyFleck,Whatever you do do not buy this game its so boring and a waste
,Not Recommended,212630,1122798,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Hagzor the wizard,If your looking for a super generic shooter then look no futher. Only redeeming feature is thats its fun to take apart weapons for about 30 seconds
76561198001980312,Not Recommended,212630,21591239,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Chummy 8,"Bad port.Let me clarify my problem with the game. While the game has gamepad support, it does not allow you to invert the Y axis on the controller without running a third party fix. The way I play games these days require me to use a controller and I've been playing with inverted controls for over 20 years now. I am not going to change my style just for one game.Since the game is a few years old already, the developers are showing no desire to make this fix. I tried to get this game refunded 4 times before giving up. As this is one of the things I wish I knew about the game before I bought it, I want to warn others about this issue.If you play games with a controller AND you use inverted controls, this game may not be for you."
,Not Recommended,212630,14857735,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,oddtoxin,If you are buying this for the coop experience its going to be a gamble because it works for some people just not all of them.
76561198066435824,Recommended,212630,30283175,Posted: 2 March,all,Shoyugun,Sort of like Blacklist. Maybe a bit better. Feels really old however
,Not Recommended,212630,30305275,Posted: 3 March,all,WizBiz,"I just want to play coop and Ubi has made that impossible. Impossible to connect, tried every work around known and am unable to connect nor be connected to. A great campaign, but it's best enjoyed together. I used to play this on 360 and longed easliy hundreds of hours replaying the campaign"
,Not Recommended,212630,8074677,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Gigadeath,"Awful, failed PC port of a console shooter. Horrible performance, horrible controls. Avoid."
,Recommended,212630,23308005,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Suo,Overall a great action-packed game with some cool weapon customization.
,Not Recommended,212630,18480208,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Cyotey,"I wish the Steam refund system was flexible enough to allow 4-5 hours instead of two. But because of Steam cards (for most games) it's grudgingly acceptable.I have to say with a heavy heart that I didn't enjoy Future Soldier. I've never played a Ghost Recon game and was always really interested in it since I love Splinter Cell. But that's basically the problem for me. It felt like it was taking elements from Rainbow Six, Call of Duty and Splinter Cell and mashing it all into one game.....except it was executed poorly. I expected a lot more tactical freedom than what was given. I also didn't expect HQ to act like a five year old considering you're part of an elite team ('blah blah blah, I don't care' is what I'm referring to). If I had more time, I would've played more to give it more of a chance. But seeing as there's only a 2 hour time frame for the refunds generally I was forced to stop before I went past the limit. I personally had no problems running it and it looked pretty good graphically. The sync shot was fun, but it's basically the same thing you do in the more recent Splinter Cells....it's just done with your squadmates. Camo was an interesting feature and maybe I just expected too much.....but I was also hoping to connect personally with each of my squadmates too early on. Hopefully they'll make a much better GR title next time."
76561198067193271,Recommended,212630,11091711,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,._.,"Well thought gameplay, tactical, good mix of fps and tactical shooter."
,Recommended,212630,23899878,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,FURY,Played just 2-3 campaign mission. Already ❤  this game. Soon I will add reviews for multiplayer and co-op missions. There's no doubt about Tom Clancy's games from Ubisoft 🎮❤
,Not Recommended,212630,35210371,Posted: 25 September,all,DwarfyWarfy,"I FINISH THE GAME, JUST SAYING.this game is not that good.so it has russian enemys so are they speeking good russian? ye. is the comander what his face? no he speaks like he drank vodka and lsd at the sime time and trying to speek german.story is that that intersting, just find the final bad guy (same like call of duty, actuly call of duty shity story is better then this game story whise).this game has select weapons you can have if you do achiments or challenges to unlock and you can custemize them whit atachments and paint.only select few throwing items.stealth sections are not that good, just shoot the enemy that the rest can't see.you die realy fast and even in cover. enemys die in one hit while stealth but take a hole clip to kill in loud so basic video game design.thers are not that meny verite of enemys just sniper,shotgun,assult and shild. thatäs it. ther are vhicel enemys, cars whit lmg atathments, thanks and armor vhicels.i know my enghlish is bad i suck at it, insult all you whnat my friend.that's prety mutch of the game. oh ye you have some time vission like magtenic,nigh vission and something else i can't remeber. ther olso a drone you can use, later on it can olso be a smal car drone."
,Recommended,212630,9962952,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Cyka Blyatman,"Amazing graphics. The game is both more realistic than most other fps games on the market. There's lots of cool gadgets, there's a wide variety of guns, and it runs fairly well, no major glitches/bugs. There is a very heavy sneaking/stealth factor to this game, so if you prefer a 'run-n-gun' style fps, this one might not be for you. The story is well written, and it's not like other games that have overly simple or unexplained story lines, this game does not drop you into the action randomly, only giving a time, date, and location. It actually delves into why you're there, and what you're doing. The game, all in all, is absolutely stunning. I reccomend it."
76561198077638104,Not Recommended,212630,18469105,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,N0_GRIEF |4F|,Tricks you into downloading UPlay and forces you to use it in order to play the game.
,Recommended,212630,23272787,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Basli,"I was 2 sneaky for them, shot one bloke, beat the game. 10/10"
,Not Recommended,212630,15350042,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,TheOnlyFury,"One of the worst shooters I have ever played. On-rails shooting galleries that take place on foot, a campaign menu that actually suggests not playing alone and inviting friends instead, an entirely forgettable cast and story, and one of the least customizable (despite advertising) loadout systems in a Clancy game makes this shooter a no-go.Multiplayer is dead, and that is actually placed above the campaign in the selection menu. Guerilla mode does not allow you to bring in any customized gear, and has nothing to spice up the mode so it gets boring quickly. If you are a Clancy game fan, steer clear! This is NOT the game you are looking for.*Edit*: TLDR: I would rather play Modern Warfare 3... and that's saying something."
76561198128646968,Recommended,212630,17206483,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,puunkeeh,"Worth getting on sale. The single-player campaign is not very long but it's good, graphics are awesome and it has some really cool mechanics. It has co-op as well, so if you have some friends to play it with it's even better. Never tried the multi-player, so I can't say anything about that."
,Not Recommended,212630,24355611,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Alex_Master,"An excellent game...if you want to spend countless hours facing bugs and technical issues.Game crashes randomly, sometimes after 1 minute, sometimes after 15, sometimes after 30.You can't join a friend on his/her progress. You can only start a mission from the main menu with them.Steam and Uplay don't have anything to fix any technical issue on any of their forums.Graphics: 6/10Gameplay: 7/10Multiplayer: 7/10Techincal issues: 0/100000."
76561198201271111,Recommended,212630,29808993,Posted: 9 February,all,Tuman,"12th DDDDDDOne!!!. Excellent plots, shots anything but old-fashion display, hope for remaster"
,Not Recommended,212630,21181682,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,JAMOY,Boring
,Recommended,212630,23275756,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Pepe el Froge,"I'm gonna give this game a fairly neutral review,first off the gameplay is fun and it has a nice teamwork mechanic,but the way guns work is annoying to say the leastthe game has exited itself mid mission beforebut im gon give this game 7/10"
,Not Recommended,212630,20989523,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,pradani,hghhgh
76561198018655068,Not Recommended,212630,20633322,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,britantonio2004,I installed this game downloaded it and it sent me to ubisoft my email isbritantonio2004@netzero.comfor steam but when I put it on ubisoft it got me my username but it also gave me the wrong email addressdet1sar@att.com. I don't know whos email address that is or if it dosen't exist but it's not mine. I dont know why ubisoft gave me a unknown email address but I don't know the password to this account.
76561198315997189,Recommended,212630,33772845,Posted: 24 July,all,kurtislueth202,IT WANT START TO MANY UNAUTHROZED HACK INS AND ELECTRICAL WIZZARDS IN THIS BUILDING AND NEXT DOOR WE ARE STILL BEING GANG TARGETED AND THIS IS BASED ON DRUG CARTELS MISSIONS RIGHT DOWN THE ROAD FROM HERE PLEASE HELP IN THIS MATTER TODAY
,Recommended,212630,11320286,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,StrikerT,This game is most definitetly not he greatest of the Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon games. It's still not a game that should just be passed up. It really is a fun game and I recommend playing it.
,Recommended,212630,31588008,Posted: 6 May,all,DireXDoom,This Games Is Legend :)
,Not Recommended,212630,25127560,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,fAhRenHeiT,No Asia server....
76561198047190232,Not Recommended,212630,24349478,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,NightCrawler,This game is terrible.
,Recommended,212630,23886023,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Pubway,fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun fun
,Recommended,212630,18655326,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,JewPac ✡ Shalom,= PROS =- game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥- it is- really= CONS =- sucks that i never gave it a shot before- dont have the extra soft wipes for my tears of joy- no time machine.. yeah..
,Not Recommended,212630,30282081,Posted: 2 March,all,Kuro The Umbreon,Don't get this game if you want to play online there are ZERO players online.
76561198059679005,Not Recommended,212630,13083363,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,HolyDiver🤘,"Way too many cut scenes, ever 5 seconds theres a cut scene. Why so many ♥♥♥♥ing cut scenes? Is this a movie or a game? I cant ♥♥♥♥ing tell. The gameplay is not anything like the ther ghost recon games. I enjoyed some of the missions like the stealthy ones that reminded me of the other ghost recons but else it sucks♥♥♥♥♥ and not the good kind. If you like ghost recon you wont like this."
,Recommended,212630,28611565,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Jared,Good
76561198027209660,Not Recommended,212630,12534803,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,groovieknave,"Yet another half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game from Ubisoft, the game does not work. Good luck getting it to run on any system. There have been so many patches but the real fix is downclocking your video card. If you don't mind doing some technical work, you can fix the game, but Ubisoft should have made it work. They have patched it endlessly and still to this day it doesn't run when 570's and 670's were available (they still fail unless you downclock them), and they WILL NOT REFUND. God damn thieves."
76561198140719958,Not Recommended,212630,12624479,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,psyche129,"I wish I could recommend this. I really, really do.This is a fantastic game. Extremely enjoyable gameplay, great graphical fidelity and good performance. Enjoyable missions and good level design, with different ways of approaching objectives and satisfying ""sync shots"", where your entire team shoot 4 people simultaneously. A truly brilliant gun customization menu, where you can customize everything from the optics to the gas system.However, this entire experience is utterly ruined by two things; firstly, the mandatory use of UPlay. I'm not going to go on a rant about how much I hate UPlay (although I certainly could; and with good reason), because I'm sure that everyone else on Steam has had my exact thoughts every time they think of the word UPlay. You would think, however, that this would surely not ruin my whole experience of GR:FS? You would be correct. There is one problem which I simply cannot get past, and which ultimately ruins the whole game for me: Mouse Acceleration. I'm sure everyone here knows how awful this is, so I won't go on about it. However, if you are thinking of buying this game, beware; the mouse acceleration is there, it isverynoticeable, and it cannot be disabled by any means. After hours of searching, I cannot find any way of disabling mouse acceleration in this game, not even through modification of the .INI files. What this ultimately means is that you cannot aim in this game without great difficulty. Not only does this make the game harder, it also makes it more annoying to play. It disgusts me that Ubisoft think that they can get away with no option to disable console features for a PC game, as well as the fact that they force UPlay upon us. In summary, don't buy this game unless you can handle very heavy mouse acceleration or intend to use a gamepad, and are happy with UPlay. For me, I cannot play this game, and will never buy another Ubisoft product."
76561198094245220,Not Recommended,212630,33896062,Posted: 29 July,all,PapaPoom,still a great game today. I play this about 2 times(single player)but cant connect to host is a big problem this game hasco op is a big deal for this game and I can not play it :P
,Not Recommended,212630,9218335,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Cocky,This was a bad purchase.Update: 2 years later still a bad purchase
76561198151991965,Not Recommended,212630,23212857,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Frogman,"I'm sure I am the broken record on these reviews but Co-op does not work nor does multiplayer. This game was a lot of fun on console and I was hoping to relive some nostalgia with friends who have never played it but I get the Ubisoft Mission statement ""Could not connect to Uplay servers""... Glad that I could refund it. Ubisoft should pay me 5 bucks for wasting the hour it took trying to port forward it to working with no avail... Even IGN would not give this a 1/10, but hey 5 bucks and you can look at some shell casings and a 30 second preview!"
,Recommended,212630,1314219,"Posted: 19 July, 2012",all,"Beauregard ""Buck"" Tudrussell","Fun COOP, if you can get past Ubisoft's ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ system."
76561198085321591,Not Recommended,212630,23228406,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Mr.Naw,I cannot get multiplayer to work and that is the main reason I got the game. Why Ubisoft? (btw a shooter dat it)
76561197969938639,Not Recommended,212630,15029625,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,hazyrazors,Bad console port. Save your money.
,Not Recommended,212630,11123952,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Scrimmy Bungo,Ubisoft pushed this one out of their stupid French bootyhole with as little care for PC gamers as possible.
76561198101947337,Not Recommended,212630,11539076,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,im a dumb cunt,DOESN'T ♥♥♥♥ING WORK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! IS GAY AS ♥♥♥♥!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,212630,8414513,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Goldenstalion,A disgustingly linear game that only exists to guide the player from one synchronised take-down to the next. It seems that the impressive E3 2010 demo was simply a ruse as it makes no appearance in this substandard game.
,Not Recommended,212630,8639036,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,SpaceboundCorgi,its♥♥♥♥♥♥ dont buy it.
,Not Recommended,212630,11471896,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,StrangerDanger,"Poorly ported and obviously made for 720p. 2/5 at best, only try if you are really die-hard about the series."
,Not Recommended,212630,21551347,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Alcatraz,"TL;DR:Don't buy it, just don't. Not even if it's on sale for $1. There are better things you can waste your time on, staring at the ceiling for instance is cheaper (free) while being much less frustrating.Possible issues you will (most likely) have with this game:-Won't even start-Will crash every 5min-15min-You will neither have Steam nor Uplay overlay-Won't remember your keybindings, graphics settings nor any settings for that matter-Your savegames will randomly get corrupted-Coop matchmaking doesn't really work-Textures fairly often look like from 2001 (I usually don't complain about graphics but this was ridiculous on a high level)-Is performing horrible while looking worse than comparable games-There seems to be some sort of memory leak that will cause your FPS to slowly drop until you restart the game (or until it crashes on its own). To give an example I was starting off at 64 FPS and ended up with 24 FPS after 30 minutesGameplay:I've managed to finish the first mission as well as start the second one during my 14 hours of playtime (no, the missions themselves weren't the reason why it took me so long). Equipement customization aside the gameplay is very linear, the maps look big at first but that's only until you realize that there are ""invisible walls"" everywhere around you and that there usually only is 1 path that you can take.If you are reading this review, here is a friendly reminder:Don't pre-order Ubisoft games, no matter how awesome they look in the trailers. This applies to many gaming companies but not to the same degree as to Ubisoft in my view.EA for instance will grant you a refund if you dont like their game for whatever reason (if you don't wait for too long after playing it)."
76561198212811564,Recommended,212630,25774794,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,WOLF,awesome game
,Not Recommended,212630,13557287,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,NotRicoRodriguez,i've played worse
76561198037662061,Not Recommended,212630,29000236,Posted: 4 January,all,KODIAK,lack of muitplayer hardly any people in muitplayer so i wouldent spend money on this
,Recommended,212630,28212531,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Øvєяłσяd,"better impossible, really"
,Not Recommended,212630,29768461,Posted: 7 February,all,GodUhWar,"I'd advise against buying this, at least on Windows 8 and up. It just keeps crashing for NO apparent reason. Doesn't even give you an actual ""Game Crash"" window. Tried various fixes, no luck. It ran fine back when I was on Windows 7, so I am guessing it is a compatability issue. Clearly a Console --> PC port, and a not so well done one at that. Stray from this."
,Not Recommended,212630,16611460,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,古风口,play u!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,212630,21839674,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Xenophyter,Don't. there are better options.
,Recommended,212630,20105165,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sevarack,Gud
,Recommended,212630,23240816,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Mommy says I'm Special,Good game. Multiplayer and single player are too easy PC though.
,Recommended,212630,238232,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Mark,"Great gameplay, great graphics, great fun!"
,Not Recommended,212630,33714996,Posted: 22 July,all,Nervous-,cant get to multiplayer and i constantly crashing .
,Not Recommended,212630,33596717,Posted: 16 July,all,Spriie,ubisoft downgrades
,Recommended,212630,5676903,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,DD,:3
,Recommended,212630,3366702,"Posted: 24 August, 2012",all,Ahoge Housewife,Don't even think about buying or pirating this. It's sooo bad. Not worth anything: not even a thought about getting it.Worst PC port ever.
76561198077366595,Recommended,212630,23881405,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Sm~ Salmon,i was forgot my uplay id password~how do i get back
,Not Recommended,212630,12619717,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,E41St0rF1rE,"This is my review of Singleplayer Mode since in Multiplayer no one is online.There are no servers online or people playing it.You can create your own server but you need some friends as no one is playing.I am going to skip the coop mode too as this is one big giant clusterf.u.c.k. of countless crashes.First of all you need to play at least an hour before the game actually 'starts' as it takes time before there is a storyline which actually does 'catch' the player and also leaves the feeling behind of being in 'training' (press button X to fart and Y to have a good look at your weenie).Aiming is not that bad everything just points towards video game console playing instead of pc gaming which is not good.But here it comes, after playing towards the end you will enter the missing Shattered Mountain.At stage three of this mission you have to eliminate two key figures within a time frame and you must not loose your distance with your targets....You should already get what I mean, you can try over and over and over and over again ...This is a new type of  gameplay which is being introduced by Ubisoft Paris.They just invented the never ending game, one without an end because you can not finish it unless you tried at least a 100 times ...To meet the gamers wants, because they pay for this 'fantastic' piece of art Ubisoft uses savepoints instead of letting you save whenever you want.But there is no save point so you can start each time over and over and over again, fight the good fight and after 10 min start all over again.But this is not it, Ubisoft Paris thinks you may have brain damage of are out of memory.You might loose the 'catchy' storyline so they let you watch the intro of the mission over and over and over again before you can start playing this level which you can play over and over and over again before you might be able to finish the game.Also, a lot of times in singleplayer, during the fight your teammembers are more an annoyance instead of a help thanks to the AI. They bump into you while aiming moving you when trying to shoot the enemy, or when trying to shoot suddenly run in front of you.This is game maybe fun when in coop mode, did not try it.Singleplayer : Gameplay 0/10Thanks a lot Ubisoft and this is the reason why I only buy games at lowprice because after 30 years of gaming I learned one thing: I never pay full price because most of the times I feel like I am being framed when buying games like these.To all gamers, never buy DLC before trying the actual game because you might end up spending a lot of money for a game which turns out to be nothing.This game also uses Ubiplay and thus does not plays from Steam directly.This means long loading times before getting to the start game menu and especially long 'end game' sessions so I use Taskmanager to end the game because I have better things to do wasting time in waiting.I really started to like this game untill I got to level shattered mountain, here Ubisoft totally messed up."
76561198175792126,Not Recommended,212630,14920558,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Art Vandelay,"For the love of god do not buy this game!It is horrid, first you need to download U-play which is Ubisoft crappy remake of steam, then you need too give your E-mail. The game can't run without turning your firewall off and worst off all. The game looks like it was made for ps2. Worst graphics ever, if i would count all the pixels on my screen i would only need one hand.3 out of 10,Worst game I ever played, would buy Interstellar Marines anyday over this piece of ''finished'' crap!"
,Not Recommended,212630,11541109,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,§rgtphil,COOP DOESNT WORK!
,Not Recommended,212630,7880885,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lady Naga ♆,"This Ghost Recon is a third-person cover shooter wherein the most interesting thing about it is the obligatory horde mode. I think that's all I need to say, really."
76561197970567848,Recommended,212630,30509965,Posted: 14 March,all,[LK] Blayda The Bear,Its not bad though it could have been alot better.Trying too hard to be a CoD clone.
76561197986306642,Not Recommended,212630,7745688,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,sudden2000,"An Epic fail in the world of Ghost Recon. If you love the series, don't buy this one, because it should have the name of Ghost of Duty, or Reconfield. I was very dissapointed."
,Recommended,212630,22473264,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,EyeMt,Crazy about ghost recon
76561198056412998,Not Recommended,212630,30705587,Posted: 24 March,all,wakerat,This game was pledged with problems from the time I started downloading it. Got a bar over top of serial code which you need to launch the game if wouldn't go anyway till you exited out so n no way to ever bat serial code. Never could get through to tech support kept getting answer s saying high call try try again. It's just a mitemare I finally had to go through PayPal trying to get a refund on my money I would tolerated spoilyCrap for games even the beta testers were saying they to back the release dates back and get game working right before release I would wait Alleast another 3 months before buying .
,Recommended,212630,25860250,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Hentendo,Me:*sees this game on phone*https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tbf9gMbdI24*Plays* UNINSTALLING WINDOWS 99.88% DONE10/10 would rage again
,Not Recommended,212630,9176060,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Dominant Chris,Really boring got repetitive really fast
76561198257879313,Not Recommended,212630,30782945,Posted: 27 March,all,e.shaffer,"The game would crash after a few minutes of gameplay. I get that I don't have the best pc, but an i5 5600k and gtx 1060 should be able to easily run this game. I was getting a steady 70-80 fps."
,Recommended,212630,9385844,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,DEREX,One of the best Tactical games on the market.Its so tactical that i get annoyed every 5 ♥♥♥♥ing seconds because of haxors in multiplayerWait never mind the multiplayer i played was the pre dead multiplayerits dead nowPiece of♥♥♥♥♥♥wasted 5 euros on itCant wait to see if coop still works in 2016
,Not Recommended,212630,8290887,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Doubes,"nothing special, all american exceptionalism."
76561198379632940,Not Recommended,212630,33493036,Posted: 12 July,all,sharki2203,ONCE AGAIN ANOTHER BULLS UP EFFERT FROM STEAM WITH BULL CRAP FILES AND 3 DAY WAIT FOR A BLOODY EMAIL RESPONSE ♥♥♥♥ THIS BACK TO XBOX
76561197974877837,Not Recommended,212630,25842132,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Spalls Hurgenson,"It's hard to review Future Soldier because there's so little substantial about the game. It's an absolutely forgettable Call of Duty clone that suffers all the problems of its better-known inspiration, and a number of its own problems besides. It has the same dull story-line, with cliched and idealized super-hero soldiers, ultra-linear levels, brain-dead AI and brown-is-real graphics. You can't open a door on your own, and dare not stray far from the expected mission path lest you get an automatic game-over.  Even for a military shooter, it fetishizes guns to an obnoxious degree. Nominally a co-operative shooter (although that scene is essentially dead), its levels do little to encourage teamwork. The gameplay is full of unrealistic gimmicks and annoying gameplay restrictions (most apparent in the enforced stealth sections). It is unexciting, trite and predictable and so unremarkable that its barely worth writing a review for it, much less playing."
,Not Recommended,212630,12605386,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,WacoTacoJames,DO NOT BUY.  The FPS is incredibly low (unplayable) and there are no fixes that I could find.  Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,212630,29264688,Posted: 14 January,all,Charliebrownau [HIGH],"GdayThis is not a PROPER Tom Clancy game or PROPER GHOST RECON titleIf it was called - Ubisoft Future Soldider it would of been more honestSaying that I enjoyed it , WHeN IT BL00DY WORKEDPRO:* FUN when worked* Good coop modes* Can host unranked PVP modes off your home connection* Confict and MP Ranked modes very fun (when it works)* Supported Directx9c and dx10Problems/cons:* No SLI/CF support* 60 fps cap* No ping displayed in game* no text chat in game* voice voip in game hosted by server (someone in the game , via p2p which exposed everyones IP)* Anti cheat was a bloody joke,so many cheating/glitch's/boosting/hacking* No ping limits  matched people in AU/NZ with EU/USA/Middle East/RUPing from AU to NZ - Under 100 pingPing from AU to JP - 135-155 pingPing from AU to China - Over 200Ping from AU to India - Over 200Ping from AU to USA - 225-295 pingPing from AU to EU - 335-395Ping from AU to RU - 355-405Lots of yeti crash'slots of uplay friends list issuesyou would get invites pop up in gameNO SERVER BROWSERNO STANDALONE DEDICATED SERVERSNO VOTE KICK/BANNO PING IN GAMEUsed P2P instead of client-serverLobby would lock up due to NAT traverse port issues,lobby leader (server) would have to LEAVE and RELOADCouldnt skip heaps of♥♥♥♥♥♥videos in load upIts a shame that this game was a half ♥♥♥♥ed port from consoles and held back to do DirectX9c, p2p and console limitationsGame play back in the games prime:-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tok7FteQkPoNote NONE of Month 1 issues have been FIXED"
,Not Recommended,212630,23861186,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mr627price,when you realise your fav devs are on crack again and they make a fresh new game thats 30 fps locked and is so badly optomized it runs at a whoppin 17 fps
,Not Recommended,212630,25315240,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,lunch masta,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Gears of War. How the ♥♥♥♥ has this series deviated from the originals so much?There's certain sequences in the game which operate like rail shooters and you slowly walk towards enemies, mowing them down and all of their bullets magically don't hit you. It makes Call of Duty look real.The cutscenes were disgusting. Every single one shows them back on their command ship and the team is usually confronted by some cocky sailors/marines, who're put in check by one of the Ghost team's members like you'd see in some military masturbatory movie. It's ♥♥♥♥ing gay and we've all seen it a million times in movies.""Hey you guys can't cut in line""""Yeah well we haven't slept for 38 hours blah blah""""Yeah you wanna say that to my face, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?!""""Whoa man sorry""""C'mon dude he's not worth it""And just imagine that a few more times. That is legit what the cut scenes are all about, joe shmoe making some cocky comment and the well reserved elite Ghost badasses either confront them or brush it off because they know they're secretly better. Gag me with a spoon.I don't even mind the typical Russian bad buys, but the lines in this game were super homo. The first Ghost Recon games were ♥♥♥♥ing awesome, this game is a joke."
,Not Recommended,212630,32702439,Posted: 23 June,all,aaronth07,"The game is ok, the PC port is horrible. The game doesn't look great and for it to be playable, you need to lower the game to medium."
,Not Recommended,212630,30366960,Posted: 6 March,all,Snips,"Given all the other games, this game has to be the worst for a Tom Clancy game. Seems like a slow paced shooter game. Other factors as well that make this game not so pleasing. Could've has potential but Devs ♥♥♥♥ed it up.cheers!"
,Not Recommended,212630,32705986,Posted: 23 June,all,novocy,"I played this game on the 360 before and I was obsessed. I guess the PC port was totally different, I didn't like the fact that the game was more dead on the PC than the 360. It's kind of bland I guess."
,Not Recommended,212630,28629801,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,WhooperScooper,"Motion sickness galore, head bob, no fov options, etc. Graphics menu has NOTHING on it, and not to mention multiplayer is a ♥♥♥♥♥ to get running. If your looking to buy this game and have motion sickness, or want to play with friends, dont buy it..."
,Not Recommended,212630,25763735,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,AusWanderer,played it on console when it came outtried playing it on PC and it just doesnt work :(shame because back in the day on console it was great.
76561198027296893,Not Recommended,212630,9004945,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,fjellheis,"Forget Kony, this was the biggest scam of 2012."
,Not Recommended,212630,18017791,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,xtrmsnpr,such a boring game..losing points on everything of it
76561198088858044,Recommended,212630,32597304,Posted: 20 June,all,gorgali khayavi,it doesnt work like it crashes too desktop with no errors and no black screen or anything it just crashes back to desktop and you have to start the game again
76561198041310329,Not Recommended,212630,9213395,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,-5D- The Law,"PAYWALL, PAYWALL, PAYWALL!! CAMPAIGN IS BORING, HAVE TO PAY TO PROGRESS ONLINE!!! ONLINE GAME IS DEAD, NO PLAYERS!!!"
,Not Recommended,212630,28575026,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,PureJaguar,"DONOT Buy this Game.This game is Single Player Only. Every attempt to get Multiplayer/Co=op or the Gurilla Mode working fails, after spending over 1 hour with support and the forums and opening my firewall and router wide open it still does not work. This game for us is just a waste of money as we did play the last game advanced warfighter 1&2 on lan and this does NOTHING.Reading the forums they stopped supporting it when they bought out the FREE ghost recon Phantoms. All i can say is ubisoft need to sort this out as there are alot of unhappy customers, If a game does not work how the hell can they charge money for it."
,Not Recommended,212630,30392984,Posted: 8 March,all,Screwdriver,- I downloaden the game through Steam- Downloaden the packages 3/3- Was forced to start a uplay Installer- Was forced To install Uplay with increddible low speed and poor optimazation.- Was forced to run Uplay Service- Was forced to make an accountIn the end i didn't even get a chance to play this game but i will down rate it because of poor business practises. ALL I WANT IS TO PLAY THE DAMN GAME I GOT FROM STEAM TO PLAY ON STEAM!!!
76561198302144137,Not Recommended,212630,25589934,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,TsuzuKu,"Game crashed to destop after an hour of play. Tried multiple ways to solve but none of them work. Trash game, DO NOT waste you money on it. Definitely a better choice to get a free version somewhere online."
76561198136348231,Not Recommended,212630,32702718,Posted: 23 June,all,GL9106[Now with New HDD!(yay)],Future Tumor 101
76561198125367272,Not Recommended,212630,12455917,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Big Juicy Spoon,This game ♥♥♥♥ing sucks. Don't get it. It doesnt need an explanation for why its bad. trust meIt ♥♥♥♥ing sucks
,Recommended,212630,23197453,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Lerfix#VapeDemonBRB,Its g
,Not Recommended,212630,8192199,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,thewebbernator,"Not a Ghost Reacon game. At best a bad Gears of War Clone. If you enjoyed GRAW 2 or earlier titles, you wil not enjoy this."
76561198033921320,Not Recommended,212630,24466591,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Alon_Boxer,"warning !! - do not buy this game, it crush every 5 min !!    I got brand new machine (intel i7 ,16 GB  ram, 4 GB nvidia)but still , even though I tried everything this crap keep crushing. I guess thats the reasonwhy the multi-player is  dead.why the hell , steam sell it for 20 $   ?"
,Not Recommended,212630,31433550,Posted: 29 April,all,S k w i s s y,Badly optimised. Thats all - good game other than that though
,Not Recommended,212630,30384396,Posted: 7 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,"At the time of writing and with only a few hours in Wildlands, GRAW2 is still the best in the series. This game was a huge step backwards appealing to the casual fanbase. Dumbed down gameplay ultimately led this to become a generic 3rd person shooter.Update: With even more hours in Wildlands, this is definitely the worst Ghost Recon game."
,Not Recommended,212630,1525226,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,С Г エ χ,"This game is kind of terrible, it's problably the most straightfoward corridor shooter I've played in quite some time, and doesn't really take advantage of the fact that it's in the future with any nifty gadgets. It's♥♥♥♥♥♥easy even on the hardest difficulty.  Do not buy 3/10."
,Not Recommended,212630,8278210,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sgt-AxxE,Top stupid game.    DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!    Give me back my money!
76561197987932248,Not Recommended,212630,23189920,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Sniper Challenge,"Não funciona muito bem na versão de pc,A tela fica estranha e a resolução não fica full hd.para o xbox360 funciona muito melhor."
,Not Recommended,212630,26074200,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,ghostdaddy999,does not even connect to uplay
,Not Recommended,212630,33286072,Posted: 5 July,all,Kotti,Cutscene. Scripted sequence. Cutscene. Turret section where you walk automatically. Cutscene. Wait for your friend to do stuff. Cutscene. Another cutscene. Die. Same cutscene again. Quit game.
,Not Recommended,212630,31519700,Posted: 3 May,all,Jonttunen,It's a joke. On-screen buttons are from an xbox controller and the controls suck. It's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC port that simply doesn't work. Don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,212630,23207709,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Big-Daddy-Twin,cant even make a game where you can play with your mates broken pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥do not waste time on this♥♥♥♥♥crack of a ♥♥♥♥ing game taken somthing an xbox can do but pc cant ♥♥♥♥ing joke ♥♥♥♥ you ubisoft ♥♥♥♥ you steam and ♥♥♥♥ you uplay hope you all die of cat aids
,Not Recommended,212630,12755127,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Alex Jones,"Nothing likeable about this game. Poorly optimized. mediocre (at best) gameplay, forgetable story.Pass."
,Not Recommended,212630,9166552,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Rico,"ghost recon has never been the best part of tom clancy's games,this is no exception just get splinter cell or one of the R6 games..."
76561198119987286,Not Recommended,212630,30640146,Posted: 20 March,all,Leo Millers,Multiplayer is dead
76561198271230445,Not Recommended,212630,29645660,Posted: 2 February,all,Omega,Firstlly i liked this game on the consols were it actually ran unlike on pc yeah pc MASTER RACE MY ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥shit is never ♥♥♥♥ing optimized for anything then u got to go third person through the ♥♥♥♥ing uplay♥♥♥♥♥♥and to top it of the game runs like crap i mean absolute crap poor frames constant screen tearing what a load of crap and i wont get my money refunded for like 2 days now and what kind of♥♥♥♥♥♥is this that u cant un invert controls what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ decided that was a good idear dont waste ur money on this pill of♥♥♥♥♥♥worst port ever steam take this game off the market your just taking the♥♥♥♥♥♥now selling♥♥♥♥♥♥that dosent work
,Not Recommended,212630,26252546,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,(Strai),"★☆☆☆☆Unplayable due to crashes.  A cover based shooter, often set on rails.  With an implied, but mostly meaningless squad system.  Expect poor performance, when it manages to launch past the title screen.+- While dashing between cover works well, getting into cover to begin with is clunky+- Some interesting gadgets, but most of them are required, instead of dynamic options- Weak Graphics- No graphic presets- No foriegn subtitles- No windowed modes- uPlay instead of Steam- Poor graphic performance- No public co-op, by invite only- Squad NPCs are generally worthless- Can only access options from the main menu- An extra button press is required after aiming to actually ADS- Frequent crashes.  Half the time doesn't even make it to the title screen."
,Not Recommended,212630,27593502,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,erypto,"6 crashes so far, no fixes found.i7 4790k, GTX 980Another  bad Ubisoft game, def skip, not worth the $6.79 on sale."
76561198399412850,Not Recommended,212630,33032641,Posted: 30 June,all,nugik*****id1,is it dead multiplayer online?
,Not Recommended,212630,26409127,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,GuardianKing,its cant play on win7 many extreme crash to desktop random time. and not support from ubi to fix the problem. keep the money for better game dev guys. i warn you.
76561198362281799,Not Recommended,212630,34101583,Posted: 8 August,all,Frederic_Tang,I paid Rm60 for this game but I can't even running this ♥♥♥♥ing game!!!♥♥♥♥ that Uplay ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!!!
76561198046254179,Not Recommended,212630,32398196,Posted: 13 June,all,Nirshie,"Don't... just don't.You'll be dissapointed.The game seemed interesting, graphics are ok even after all these years, sounds are not bad...But ffs this crappy cut-scene-ridden 3rd person QTE railroaded crappy dissapointment. The epitome of a console game from a master race pc gamer perspective in all its negative aspects. Unnecessary menus and menu choise confirmation dialogue boxes, not being able to access options from in-game, same button for going into cover and jumping over it, uplay... And all this getting me frustrated from just an hour of test gameplay with a friend in the first to coop missions.Uninstall, forget, go back to older ghost recon games."
76561198055915991,Not Recommended,212630,30105630,Posted: 22 February,all,redtigerclaw,"Idiotic, no chance to invert Y-Controller, or change Controller settings."
,Not Recommended,212630,33840246,Posted: 27 July,all,Rape* is GREAT!!!,"This game is just a trash, the running control is sucks, and the graphic is terrible. The mulitiplayer server is already down, the reason I brought this game, is to get a ghost recon future solider outfit in ghost recon wildlands."
76561198026905716,Not Recommended,212630,33827725,Posted: 27 July,all,Shotgun Monkey,"Uses Uplay, so don't buy it."
,Not Recommended,212630,33053861,Posted: 30 June,all,Nani?!,nope
,Not Recommended,212630,29228552,Posted: 13 January,all,Chef Michael Smith,Ghost Recon is not a third person game. Stop this right the ♥♥♥♥ now
,Not Recommended,212630,31047086,Posted: 9 April,all,slenderm8,i CANT PLAY IT AT ALL IT JUST CHRUSHES
76561198006937791,Not Recommended,212630,30051538,Posted: 19 February,all,♥Hentai♥Master♥senpai♥,Uplay is Cancer the game is good but uplay ruins everything is actual cancer i just want to play ofline and i cant because it wants to log into its uplay cancer and i cant plz uplay killur self guys dont buy any game with uplay its cancer they want u to use there cancer log in tht is broken uplay is cancer dont buy anything that requires u to log into uplay is brain dead dosent work alll i want to do is play the Game OFLINE OFLINE OFLINE AND I CAAAAAANNNNNTT UPLAY PLZ KILL URSLEF
76561198026700448,Recommended,212630,3730654,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,fullmetalmidget1,Deffinitely well worth it!
,Recommended,212630,619393,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,-[Badger]-,"Developed by redstorm and it feels like it. I could say that all the 'intense' stuff that makes the game seem more actiony is good, but Hell its cuz annoying sometimes. like constant vibrations from support fire as if you are getting hit by every bullet. or getting hit while behind cover but not using the cover button. or the third person running shakey FOV. everything else is ok. the story is decent. the game crashes often. well more than others i have played lately. and there is no DIDOCOOP. so if you do crash you have to opt out entirely and restart the levels. Ubi subpar quality as always. the gun smith is unnessecary, and the wubstep gets irritating sometimes. 12 hours aint bad for a campaign. Uplay is a hassle though too. AI is much better than in previous itterations and the highlight of the game.7.5/10"
,Recommended,212630,8336597,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Sixer,"『9/10』超越Call OF Duty在我心目中第一遊戲的地位，光是單人的劇情就可以讓我一而再，再而三的反覆遊玩。玩膩單人劇情的也可以嘗試""游擊模式""挑戰自己的極限。雖然多人遊戲會ping不穩....也很難湊齊玩家...不過遊戲精彩度個人覺得還蠻高的。"
,Recommended,212630,5686120,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Kit,"Another game I looked forward to with glee.Felt clunky and samey. The 'future' bit isn't very prominant or utilised well and its just like every other modern shooter - repetive and shallow.It's a pretty game though, and whilst the single player was dull, multiplayer was an interesting distraction - albeit fairly imbalanced."
76561198026071704,Recommended,212630,3686999,"Posted: 27 June, 2012",all,Zach_Galfuckis,graphics for pc kick concole butt
76561198051209684,Recommended,212630,5519664,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Mr.Rage240,Супер игра
,Not Recommended,212630,8601038,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,KFC Wipes,"Well, this game is a mixed bag.Pros:-Good atmosphere,-Tight controls-Awesome soundtrack-Some interesting concepts-Great voice acting.-cool multiplayer modesCons:-Narrative isn't really very engaging, which is a shame considering the quality of the voicework.-Characters are extremely flat and uninteresting.-Stealth is barely enforced. 90% percent of the time, it's just a run-of-the-mill shooter.-online servers are like a ghost town, so it might be hard to find anyone to enjoy the cool multiplayer modes with.-A lot of sequences are very repetitive, with little to no inspiration at all.-overpriced dlcOverall, it's a nice game, but I can't say I recommend it. Nearly every other Ghost Recon game is available on steam, and are more engaging than this. Underneath its flashy effects, and arbitrary game mechanics, it's just another cover-based shooter that's really only good for sitting there and looking pretty."
,Recommended,212630,3201574,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Spookus Hall,"All out nice game. Good balance between shooter and stealth tactics. Could be a little longer, but overall challenging yet satisfying. It's nice that they made the AI smart enough to automatically go to cover and fire back when in assault mode and in recon mode be able to maintain silence and stealth until you are detected...oh GOD don't get detected on the highest difficulty. But I digress. Good game, good graphics, good fun, worth every coin."
,Recommended,212630,293841,"Posted: 2 August, 2012",all,Zakku Redwolf,"Most horrible purchase I have ever made. I honestly wish I could get a refund. Find the most terrible and sick porn in the world and it still has more class then this pile of crap. I would rather have Rage back.Looking back on it, this game works way better now. It CAN be fun. Get it for cheap though."
,Recommended,212630,2733754,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Gothic Man,One of my favorites. Very engaging and action packed.
76561198055360869,Recommended,212630,5822863,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Kento,"Very well made game, need people t ojoin me in mullti player do plz plz plz ge this game. This is a more campaign based game which is cool but the multi player is very good too."
,Recommended,212630,1830286,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,CFH | lorochimi,"muy bueno, pero muy corto en tres casi 4 horas lo termine..........FACEPALM......"
,Recommended,212630,2866894,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,-L-,"If you liked Splinter Cell Conviction and wished more people played the multi, then this is your game.  The campaign is the same old military nonsense ( I wonder if anyone every thought of getting creative with a storyline for these war/military games?).  Either way, if you're into 3rd person shooters, this game is worth every penny.  Had I known it was this good, I would have gotten it on release.  Very well made game that introduces and refines  features that other  shooters haven't ever attempted.  This is BattleField 3 meets Splinter Cell Conviction.    Not sure why the metascore isn't higher.  Perhaps it's too complex for some."
,Recommended,212630,3570074,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,coNtr0L,Check it out!
,Recommended,212630,8451712,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,LONG SHOT,"Good gameplay. Controls are a bit clunky and it's very poorly optimized. Seems like another crappy PC port, but oh well. The gameplay shines on its own."
,Recommended,212630,1566342,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,Doctor,Its quite a different game with fair bit of stealth involved. Not just about running and gunning in Multiplayer. You have to take cover and move with your team!Had a problem logging into Ubisoft's Uplay extension (like Steam / Origin) second day itself...
,Recommended,212630,2556464,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,Coal Demon,"BUY THIS GAME, IT ISNT BROKEN, I SWEAR."
,Recommended,212630,8269082,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,checkstock,This is one of the finest examples of asymetric warfare in a game. Lead your highly trained and highly equipped special forces squad into battle against hordes of untrained third world militiamen completely unprepared for your technological power. The power trip is so good it's almost worth suffering through this awful PC port for the ♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,212630,8256704,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spaghetti Sauce,I do not recommend. This game had so many glitches during the first year after launch. I was so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at how poor optimized it was that I never went back to it. Could be that it is better now. Played more than half the campaign in it's poorly optimized state and it wasn't that amazing. Pretty straightfoward shooter campaign.
,Recommended,212630,360971,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,LIKEUCARE,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier... whoa, such a long title...First, if you really LOVE Gears of War gameplay mechanics or style, you'll feel at home with yet another GoW clone with TCGRFS. It is a decent PC port though but Ubisoft still dropped the ball with that franchise.Controls work most of the time. Graphics are tight for the character models, some environnment settings (some 'cause you can still see some low resolution ground and wall textures). Guns are great, feel great and even sounds great! The customization part is very nice. The game is quite easy and take you by the hand most of the time.As a GAME, FS is fun for a military GoW clone. But... as a GHOST RECON game, this one is  a joke. No FPS mode and lots of dumbing down annoyed me very much.Haven't tried MP and won't!I'd recommend ONLY if you crave that kind of game and also, if it's on a good sale!6.5 / 10"
,Recommended,212630,4368275,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,jamesinjapan,"A step up from the days of GRAW, but with a lot more hand-holding that Ghost Recon's original releases. Still a lot of fun with the quality you would expect from a Tom Clancy universe game."
,Recommended,212630,8110125,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,RJ Remington,FHARGJRMJJSTJFJ
76561198005270060,Recommended,212630,2291808,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,OhNoUdidn't!!!,"Good game. Objective based on multiplayer u don't get to just run around and shoot people and you don't have to worry about annoying kill streak rewards. You are rewarded moving using cover and playing as a team. GRFS gunsmith is the most extensive gun customization tool i've seen so far 2nd only to dead space 3, I look forward to more of this game."
76561198036993265,Recommended,212630,4428000,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,DerPhil,"Wahnsinns Action, aber auch viele Stealthmöglichkeiten!!3rd Person Ansicht und weniger Taktik wie in den Advanced Warfighter Teilen.Trotzdem ein muss"
76561198036221212,Recommended,212630,4381296,"Posted: 26 June, 2012",all,PancakeMurderer,"Amazing game, totally worth every single cent, loving every second so far!"
76561198044057932,Recommended,212630,4998728,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Shimadzu,"К сожалению мультиплэер меня не особо поразил, но сама игра очень понравилась, проходишь на одном дыхании ."
,Recommended,212630,6413569,"Posted: 9 July, 2012",all,BOG NA DIMONE,нЕ Плохо
,Recommended,212630,1437477,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Alex_,推荐
,Recommended,212630,4410126,"Posted: 20 July, 2012",all,Duskie,Games singleplayer is worth it the multiplayer is still broken
,Not Recommended,212630,1760116,"Posted: 20 July, 2012",all,Eric,"This game is really bad. It is unoptimized for multiplayer play and while playing c-op, we couldn't finish the 2nd mission due to bugs where the objective doesn't proceed."
76561198105808641,Not Recommended,212630,21438659,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,vistylex,"Unable to play, fails to load with ""CreateProcess failed"" error.  All the results on Google are from people trying to crack the game or trying to load it on XP, so no help there as I purchased it legally through Steam and am running Windows 10.  Nothing worked, which is a shame because I did enjoy this on the Xbox 360.The 184 hours I supposedly played this game for were spent doing something else entirely.  At one point the game did launch, partially, but it would immediately quit the GUI.  The game's process never quit, and apparently I didn't notice for a week."
,Not Recommended,212630,21478784,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,"I think ""meh"" just about covers it."
76561197965370010,Recommended,212630,211483,"Posted: 19 July, 2012",all,Gunnyhighway,"I like the way the third person view has been developed.It gives a feel for a human body in motion for a flat screen.For every or former athletes reading those lines, one can almost remember moving one's body this way, on an adrenaline ride,  in short powerful burst, in time of needs, from cover to cover, with a narrowing field of view and a focused alertness.The way they handle weapons is characteristic of fast pace hot action and seems accurate respecting the latest doctrine.It is worth getting that game to experience how close it is to reality."
76561197970364291,Recommended,212630,399973,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,The Rog,The Ghost's are back!!  8o)
,Recommended,212630,1673025,"Posted: 30 June, 2012",all,Enot,"Modern installment in the series. Does not play like previous GR, more like Splinter Cell: Conviction. And it's not a bad thing. Game feels solid and fun to play, and it looks pretty awesome on PC. Only technical difficulties are darkening the picture of a good game: 80/100."
,Recommended,212630,750370,"Posted: 14 October, 2012",all,b3Nign,After fixing mouse control Issues this turned out to be a rather decent port and a pretty good game overall.Storywise there is not much to expect these days from modern Warshooter but the action is consistent and is supported by one of the best soundtracks.
76561197972272515,Not Recommended,212630,564852,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Whitespot,DO NOT BY THIS GAME! IT'S A TRAP AND A DISGRACE TO BE CALLED A GAME! NO ♥♥♥♥S WHERE GIVEN WHEN BUILDING THIS GAME FOR PC!
,Recommended,212630,2296989,"Posted: 26 August, 2012",all,Koohandluke,most fun I've had with a military shooter in a while.
,Recommended,212630,7755996,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,AceZedock,Great game and graphics but lack of optimazation for PC and♥♥♥♥♥♥servers that always go down but other then that gamplay is great!
76561198066447897,Recommended,212630,6444179,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,NXTGN.SeriouslyBlack,"Ghost Recon Future Solider was the one game i was extremely happy to play because ive always loved tom clancy games. Its obviously different from the previous games but you no longer have to babysit your entire squad in the story mode anymore instead your apart of it. But this game has alot of things to do so your gaming hours will most likely boost between playing The Story, The Story in Co-Op, Online, Or the new Guerrilla Mode (which is kind of like T. Hunt in Rainbow Six Vegas) You will love this game but it does take some time to get used to and is not for everyone."
,Recommended,212630,1879509,"Posted: 28 June, 2012",all,chevy80c10,our new rainbow six vegas 2!
76561197971964419,Recommended,212630,546469,"Posted: 29 July, 2012",all,Davis,"Overall a great game. At times all the ghost gear (drone, thermal vision, the robot, etc.) make the game a bit easy, but not easy enough that the game is played for you. My only real beef with this game is its poor port from console to PC, as the game runs sluggish vs its console counterparts.That said, awesome graphics, missions, enemy AI so so, great campaing lenght and coool mechanics.In the end, is has been very satisfying to perfrom successful sync kills and play entire maps undetected."
,Not Recommended,212630,2655594,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Jebus H Cripes,"Don't waste your money on this♥♥♥♥♥♥REQUIRES USHIT.What the ♥♥♥♥ kind of game doesn't let you bind Capslock in this day and age?  Nor gives you at least SOME FOV options?A steaming pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ that's what.I had high hopes to add this game to the co-op roster, but it didn't even make it past the basic interface test.Avoid this garbage."
76561198084622068,Recommended,212630,29524199,Posted: 27 January,all,NapoLeão MãonasParte,"Loved the game,just wish that more people play it on multiplay"
76561198062197146,Recommended,212630,29559543,Posted: 29 January,all,Shunnie23,"Can be frustrating at times if you play solo but l enjoyed some of the missions. The story is meh...and the end even more of a let down with a timer ( you have 5 minutes to complete a mission ) timer missions do not suit this style of 'ghost' game play. I had to run and gun at times. Good game, not great but worth a play through once. Recommend only get this on sale. Oh runs great on my 2 year old laptop, 970M Nivida card hold up great. Good controller support as well for the xbox 360 controller."
,Recommended,212630,16564293,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,GRAPTIK-BLIZZARD,"Had absolutely no issues with Uplay, and once the game is started once with Uplay to authenticate your copy, you can put Uplay into offline mode!However, the port seems lazy as the grenade button is listed as ""RB"" on the screen even though I am using a keyboard and mouse. The game is fun, and is okay visually but not great. Pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,212630,1258571,"Posted: 3 September, 2012",all,[BFG] Dexter,"A very buggy game, don't buy it"
,Recommended,212630,16776079,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Avatar1909,"The story is, eh, character development is nonexistant and the characters themselves are very cliche.Nonetheless, the game is very fun and rewards tactical thinking - when you play on the hardest difficulty, running around the battlefield is NOT well liked among your comrades.Also, I'd say the AI is fairly intelligent and the stealth gameplay is also well done.There is no multiplayer, you could only team-up with your friends and play Co-op, but, I wouldn't know what that's like, since I don't have any friends.10/10, buy it when it's 95% off."
,Recommended,212630,16780308,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Martel,"My thoughts are on the single player only, I bought this game for the campaign.I am a few levels in and so far this is a pretty enjoyable 3rd-person tactical-ish shooter. It's on the linear side for sure, this is nothing like the old Rainbow Six games in terms of tactics/planning, but that's not a bad thing. Lots of cool guns and near-future military tech, if you enjoy that sort of thing then there's a lot here to nerd out about. Gun customization feature is particularly cool. Sync shot is neat but I already feel like it's overused and the novelty wears off quick. Game definitely gives you the feeling of being a tier one badass - when you're sneaking around African camps with cloaking devices and x-ray vision your enemies are almost hopelessly outmatched, and it's quite fun.Not the best console port though. There's still an ""LB"" button on a constantly present part of the UI, the whole single player campaign still has this ""party"" element (I don't need to wait 5 seconds for other players to join when I'm playing it by myself) and controls are weird sometimes (there was one part where I was apparently supposed to aim a missile and I had no idea what was going on in terms of controls).Overall though I think this is a solid single player experience if you like military shooters."
76561198079894917,Recommended,212630,16711415,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,StarFighter,Great game. Not many games this good.
,Recommended,212630,16698031,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,It's Joe,Can't completely say if this is recommendable or not but here's my overall review:PRO-Great gameplay. Takes tactical to a whole new level.-Graphics are awesome. You could feel the battlefield.-Advanced gear. Tech is OP.-Storyline+CON-Can't play multiplayer no get CO-OP connection for unknown reasons. Tried everything and still doesn't work.
76561198045858890,Recommended,212630,5166543,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Whiskey and Death,Interesting gameplay. Fun Co-Op. But unstable performance...
,Recommended,212630,17366935,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,gaby,nice
76561197971763124,Not Recommended,212630,17372756,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,DonConsolio,"Multiplayer: Highly unstable, frequent problems, drops to desktop, does not work in 2 out of thee cases.Did not test single player."
76561197996039812,Not Recommended,212630,18959450,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,True Russian,Co-op is good but... Scenario in this makes me facepalm so frequent that I've started thinking about motorcycle helmet...
,Recommended,212630,18959157,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Friendly Bird Slayer,"It's a good tactical shooter, nothing ground breaking but solid."
76561198041378518,Not Recommended,212630,18588393,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Tej,"Returned it. Got it in a humble bundle, didn't work. Bought it again on steam, still doesn't work. Cannot recomend a game that is so broken. I spend a week in contact with Ubisoft support, nothing they said worked. Get it on a console if you want it, it simply does not work on PC."
76561198029558618,Not Recommended,212630,18746801,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,jayjaycdn,unable to load game just purchased and installed from steam. steam support a lost cause.
,Recommended,212630,557880,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Static Final,Say what you want i think it is awsome
,Recommended,212630,18959452,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,gyx,"The game is a bad port, which is not starting up without voodoo with configuration files. Coop mode is rather good, not to mention utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t scenario about another one pax americana hell."
76561198143887542,Recommended,212630,18988857,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Dickbo,"Much cover, More stealth, Fun times"
,Recommended,212630,18012726,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dom™,"All you have to do is open some ports, and you can enjoy full Co-op campaign mode, and it's awesome. Sync shots are working fine, no lag, no desynchronization, Uplay is working like a charm, but be careful Uplay is not cloud saving, even though he is telling you otherwise. You have alot of guns to chose from, and customization of those is amazing."
76561198008678155,Not Recommended,212630,18476828,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,Patrick,"After reading reviews I was skeptical to purchase this game, however it was on sale for like 6 dollars so I figured I'd buy a copy for myself and my brother.  This game is literally unplayable.  We tried playing a co-op campaign and it would either crash, disconnect, or the AI glitched out to where you could not progress through the level.  We could not even make it past 25% of the first level.  I figured connection issues could be powered through with a download speed of 90+Mbps on our network, however this was not the case.  I really really really wanted this to work because the game could have been amazing, however, this game is not playable.  Do not purchase until they fix these issues."
76561198023251537,Not Recommended,212630,18476929,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,HillBillyD,Does what I expext an UBIsoft game to do. Crashes.
76561198034609002,Recommended,212630,18476156,"Posted: 14 October, 2015",all,seanypoo,Good co-op once you get it to work iwth Evolve.
,Recommended,212630,5882697,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,grape BOY,This game is like a Michael Bay film. Really cool mechanics and firefights but the story is middling at best. Multiplayer is kind of dead these days so I cannot really factor that into my review. Overall I give this game 3/5 neopets because it was fun to play and thats what matters.
,Not Recommended,212630,18510138,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ELFH,purchased the deluxe edition during the recent steam sale. for some reasons the DLC wouldnt load. wasted my cash in this.plenty of graphical glitches as wellpoor
,Recommended,212630,18346965,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Seriousjoker,the gameplay is fun thats mostly what i have to say the mechanics are a little out dated and arent as good as some of the new games (and some older ones) but im really happy for what i got for 20$
76561198156054779,Recommended,212630,18551210,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Tequila,add friends me pls.me new player. frist yesterdey.
76561198127295276,Recommended,212630,18548383,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,dishanjohnson619,a good game
,Not Recommended,212630,18640858,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,AlbatrossPasta,"The multiplayer on PC is not present, if your uplay friend starts the game while your game is running, it will crash your game. Your ingame friends will be constatly offline according to the game and you cant join thier game if you try. Overall unstable and lots of craches."
,Not Recommended,212630,18640747,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,TinyKenny,"The co-op function barely/doesn't work; so if you want to buy this for the sole purpose of co-op stealth gameplay, then DONT DO IT!"
,Recommended,212630,18652848,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,mhmacleod,"Marginal 'Recommend' for me. Playing only on Campaign, I liked the graphics, story, mechanics, and the 'Sync-shot' thing. I played this once before buying it on Steam but was disappointed that after so long, there didn't seem to be any patches in the Steam store version that resolved so many of the issues I discovered back then. More on that later.Like any other Tom Clancy game, this is a step up from your typical Call of Duty games due to it's slightly more 'realistic' (read: sluggish - probably from the console port) controls and focus on tactics, stealth and positioning. The tech is futuristic enough to be impressive (though probably not so much now in 2015 with drones, AR and stealth cammo being much more of a possibility at this stage), and the shooting gritty and satisfying. The focus here is on recon and then picking off groups of isolated enemies on a unique mechanic named 'Sync Shot' which points out up to 4 enemies (1 per team member) then indicates to you when everyone has a bead on their target. At your command or your shot, everyone fires and takes down the allocated enemies, allowing situations where entire groups of enemies otherwise watching out for each other get taken down simultaneously without raising an alarm. Time slows down for awhile after each sync shot too, which allows you to get  additional shots in to maybe take out a 5th or 6th enemy to round off a more difficult situation.The mechanic works, although sometimes it takes quite a bit of trial and error because the enemies see or don't see dead or dying soldiers unpredictably at times which might cause a checkpoint restart. These are scattered around the game pretty well too so no worries there.Also, outside of the recon-plot out-shoot mechanic there's a lot of other sequences you will go through too to mix it up, including a cool level where you guide an automated walker that serves as cover and also launches mortars at targets you point out, and a couple of token but still fun chopper-minigun-on-rails sequences.However, the game is continually hampered by poor mouse responses where you basically swing your crosshairs around like a drunkard, and every movement has significant inertia. I'm trying to convince myself that that's for the 'realism' effect but I know it's probably the effects of the port from the console. Shooting in a 'hot' situation where enemies are running around is always dicey as your bullets sometimes seem to consistently deviate just a hair from the center of your crosshair and land all over but not on your target. The cover system is also shaky as sometimes you'll drop in and out of cover just because your crosshair passed some invisible boundary and forced your weapon down. I was killed a couple of times trying to shoot someone running up close, missing with about 10 shots and finally ducking uncontrollably into cover, thus being unable to shoot while he shot me just fine over said cover.But possibly the worse thing about the game is that even in a 2014-bought rig with much more modern specs, the game lags significantly. It lags the worst when you need it - in the middle of a firefight - and I've found myself cursing several times because the game seems to lag exactly when the target I was aiming at broke cover or the instant my crosshairs locked onto a running target, causing me to miss countless opportunities to shoot.Overall, for the stealth, levels and more interesting stages I'd recommend the game, but just be prepared for the more-than-occasional bouts of frustration you'll get with it."
,Not Recommended,212630,18635130,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,WatchAndWarrant,"If you're looking for story or anything but a mediocre shooter with MURICA stamped all over it, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,212630,18559823,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Buck,"Its okay.Its a rush pc port, but the gameplay is not bad. Uplay still sucks, shockingly, but the game's good.I wasn't able to play multiplayer because I couldn't find a server. (There's a guide on the community tab.)  I also don't know how coop is because my friends didn't have this game.But the single player campain was alright and I LOVE the weapon customization in the game.7/10- Wait until its on sale."
,Recommended,212630,18809177,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Zenith,"Ghost Recon: Future Soldier is a very fun game for fans of a mix of third-person shooters and stealth games. In almost all levels there is the option to play stealthily or to go guns-blazing, though some do restrict you to one or another for segments of the mission. Overall this makes the gameplay entertaining and allows for different approaches to missions, but the restrictions do become tedious at times. Otherwise, the game is fun. I wouldn't say the visuals are compelling, but the concept of these future soldiers is executed well and makes for some great game mechanics.Enjoy! :)"
,Not Recommended,212630,18296042,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,nuppo-ed ☭,3 hours gametime in 2 and half years. all that time trying to join friends party.Never even tried this game since multiplayer doesn't work.
,Recommended,212630,18257924,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,I'm Noob :(,awsome..but you need put this game to game ranger.
,Recommended,212630,18203884,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,$$$$$$$$$$$$$ CSGO500,1337
,Recommended,212630,18092305,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Goofballs,Soldier mans ubisoft game. Whatever its fine.
,Recommended,212630,18330757,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,TheTurkishMoose,Decent campain but bland multiplayer. Great at some points through the game yet terrible and broken at other points. Would recommend you buy when it's cheap6/10
76561197998880211,Recommended,212630,1853795,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,余晖,值得一玩
,Not Recommended,212630,19054774,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Randy_Butternubs,"If you're looking for a bog-standard third person shooter with some light stealth mechanics then you'll probably like this fine. If you're looking for anything like the old Ghost Recon games, don't bother with this."
,Recommended,212630,3028442,"Posted: 3 March, 2013",all,Vlaw,どのチャプターも結局ラストはドンパチ。流石はアメちゃん。
76561198026046246,Recommended,212630,3685319,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,J☆ki,"Great game, just a damn shame that servers and general multiplayer is NOT working at all 90% of the time. Out of the few matches that I've played out of multiplayer I found it really good, tactical and fun. But, it's hard to enjoy it when you get disconnected after 3-5 minutes... Other than that, great co-op campaign and survival (especially with friends). But the game's great multiplayer is simply hard to enjoy when the connection is so ""clunnky"", and does forfill what it's ""expected"" to, in my opinion. Altogether, I still enjoyed the game, greatly so in fact (appart from some bugs and the as-for-mentioned multiplayer issues), and I would thus recommend it"
,Not Recommended,212630,17820720,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Geese Is Leese,NO ONE IS ONLINE NOW GO AWAY
,Recommended,212630,17868084,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Night of Nights,"This game gets a bad rep mostly because of the no existent online feature.V fun game, pay it on hardcore to feel challanged while not just being slaughtered all day, doesn't take long to learn controls. it's aight"
76561198004068349,Recommended,212630,17224038,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,oak606,A great tactical shooter. I've never really been into the Ghost Recon series but this was genuinely brilliant. The tech stuff worked great and the shooting was precise and most of all fun. More fun than any of the CoD campaigns in my opinion.
76561198129253499,Not Recommended,212630,17323821,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Skeletão,Bought it for me and 2 copies for my friends. Can't play together due to whatever reason. It just makes no sense!
76561198013577819,Recommended,212630,2851464,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,Lt_Iversen,"Its an awesome game with some EPIC moments, go get it!"
,Recommended,212630,17237175,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,TwoStep2RedHeads,"Not the best Ghost Recon, but still good, and very much worth playing!"
,Recommended,212630,2113708,"Posted: 15 August, 2012",all,FruzzziK,"В этой игре многое сфокусировано на экшене и тактичеких действиях. Хороший сингл, нормальный мультиплеер, и ко-оп от 2 до 4 человек. Игра понравилась но что-то ей не хватает!Итог : 7.5\10"
76561198004535011,Not Recommended,212630,16741908,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,SAINT,This game is fun when it actually works. Is super buggy when playing online. Very annoyed that they released such a patchy version of this for PC. Good thing it was cheap. I wouldn't pay more than $5-7 on this.
,Recommended,212630,16742355,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,TheLegend27,Third person makes me horny
76561197973744559,Recommended,212630,16685385,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R GHOST,"An overlooked gem among modern third person tactical shooters. As atmospheric as it is beautiful, the environments never drag and the art direction is so immaculate it keeps you staring every time the combat loop ends.Harking back to the days of the original Splinter Cell and Rainbow Six you will need to think about the situations you will be getting yourself into before hand.Tactical positioning and quick thinking are required if you want to succeed and you really want to succeed because your efforts feel rewarding and exhilirating. Held back only by poor cutscenes and a story that is poorly hobbled together this game offers an entertainment value well worth the money as it makes up for its shortcomings with superb gameplay."
,Recommended,212630,16517047,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chompyoface,"Reviews are mixed, and this game certainly isn't the deepest stealth game I've ever played, but the stealth mechanics are sound, stealth kills are extremely satisfying, and gunplay is solid. Would definitely recommend if 3rd person stealth/shooter games are your style."
,Recommended,212630,4249557,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Asaf,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,212630,13440161,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Zesty Mordant Soul,"Great game, short but very sweet. Online when you can find a good match is a treat as well. Wouldn't recommend paying full price on this one due to its lenght, but if you can catch it while its on sale its a great bargain at $10 or $5 bucks. Great graphics, gameplay, and the plot is on par with other Tom Clancy titles.Top features:-Amazing amount of gun customization.-Well written plot for a shooter/military simulator.-Great graphics.-Cool gadgets to play with/make you the ""future soldier"" of reality not some half baked sci-fy novel*cough new CoD cough*-Co-op friendly-No bugs etc, I experienced at leastDraw Backs:-Audio: Not the quality but the levels, so keep the subtitles on if you don't want to miss your characters chatting.-Short single player experience.-Multi player can be a bit dead at times.-Some parts of the campaign suffer from being ""on the rails"" at points, or too easy, but it is at least a very entertaining railroad trip the whole way.Overall: Classic Tom Clancy experience of a game, but try to pick it up on sale."
,Not Recommended,212630,16853731,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Crash&Burn,DO NOT BUY THIS GAME. It is a horrible port that kicks me out of the game when ever my friends boot there copy up. It freezes ever five seconds in game so it is impossible to play and have fun with. This is why ports of consule games should not exist ever. All games are desiged on a PC so leave it on the PC. I give this port a 0 out of 10.
,Recommended,212630,16853774,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Tyemer,Slow mo effects while raiding is superb. 69/1
76561198015538840,Recommended,212630,16864549,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,sgtCooper,"I don't like the faces of the soldiers. Otherwise, the game is good."
,Recommended,212630,16814616,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Sephiroth313,"Not that bad of a military game, love the new elements added to the game."
,Recommended,212630,16764819,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,herpaderpes,Bought for co-op fun. Taught me how to port forward
,Recommended,212630,16533183,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wendy,This is one of the only games I am willing to go back and play again 11/10
,Recommended,212630,16536864,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,The First Order,"Okay, Ubisoft game. So first things first- Actually works on PC- Only basic UPlay DRM- No infernal towers for you to unlock pieces of the mapSo on to the game- State of multiplayer is D-E-A-D- Servers are still up so you can play Co-Op- Very good campaign, had ton of fun with friends on the xbox 360 when the game came out.I can recommend this as it is good enough for the campaign if you pick it up on sale."
76561198007796870,Recommended,212630,18026758,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,MEF RAWLINS,"One of the best tactical games I have ever played. There is a huge variety of weapon customization. The missions are executed very well and are laid out in a complex but fun way. I have only played single player, but I'm sure multiplayer and co-op are fantastic and fun to play with friends. I am a big tech enthusiast, so seeing the futuristic warfare (HUD, ammo display, etc) is really cool. I highly advise this title if you are a Tom Clancy fan, and if you like warfare games in general. I give Ghost Recon: Future Soldier a 10/10."
76561198032248704,Not Recommended,212630,17974794,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,NocturnX,"First; let me make it clear, I'm a campaign/story mode gamer that plays solo. I have no interest in MP (multiplayer) or PvP and have not even looked at it on this game, so this review has nothing to do with it.I have little experience with this type of game since they are generally made with PvP in mind. This seems to be the case as what is considered the ""story"" here is not gripping at all. Any connection from mission to mission is weak and/or unclear. Any real sense of purpose isn't there.The ""weaponsmith"" feature that they go on about in the game description is actually horribly designed, unclear, and using it to customize your weapon will seemily always remove important attachments like sound supressors."
76561198047451313,Recommended,212630,18070482,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,gyffin,"I played this exclusively co-op and loved it!  The missions start off relatively easy and ramp up, however it felt very organic with just the right step up each time.  The scenarios are varied and will take you to several different terrains, each with their own challenges, e.g., the sand storm in Africa or blinding snow in Siberia.  The story is engaging, so much so that even my ADD teammates managed to pay attention.  For my group, we quickly decided on a role and load out and stuck with it, which further reinforced the squad mentality and made the experience feel cohesive.My one word of caution, and it is a big one, is that this is a Ubisoft game and goes through Uplay.  As third-party portals go, it is one of the worst implemented.  We had problems connecting to a session, problems maintaining a session beyond an hour, and sometimes the game wouldn't autheticate without a reboot.  These issues weren't everytime, but they weren't singular either.  If you can get past the multi-player matching foibles, this is an excellent over-the-shoulder tactical shooter."
,Recommended,212630,17254627,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Don`t add me,its a good game in single player i had no problems untill i got a virus and reseted my computer i logged in but my code didnt worked why?
76561198031003897,Recommended,212630,17308903,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Shiften,very good game.
,Not Recommended,212630,17316991,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Ur0tsukid0ji,"Hmm I just finished playing spec ops the line and decided I wanted a more realistic shooter. I noticed I had bought this and gave it a whirl.The game crashed twice on dx11 and then again on dx9 ,, I was about 20 minutes into the first campaign and it seems as thou it mini dumps and crashes on the same point over and over.Can I be bothered to start the game again just to see if I can get past this error?The first 20 mins of the game felt a little laggy, the fps seems badly ported.. the menu systems too..I wouldnt reccomend if I am honest... Spec ops the line was inferior but worked and had an amazing story line!"
,Not Recommended,212630,17786302,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Chemist05,"I bought this game during one of the Steam sales and at first I was really excited to play it and it worked for a little while but then the problems starting to show themselves. Up to this date 8/30/2015, I cannot play it. It doesn't work for Coop nor does it work for multiplayer. It always crashes on me and/or gives me an error saying, ""lost connection to server"". I played this game on the PS3 when it came out and it was seriously one of my favorite games but sadly on PC it just refuses to work. I definitely wouldn't recommend you buy it and waste your time trying to troubleshoot it and make it work."
,Not Recommended,212630,17812312,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,{PR}Sandbag,Uses U Play
76561198006485747,Not Recommended,212630,16906540,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Yefrign,"I really am torn about this title so I'm going to try and sum it up between the good and the bad.TLDR: IF you have friends to play with, by all means. otherwise... may as well give it a miss...the Details;the good:Weapon customisation - just... wow... one of the best out there and to this day I'd say only games like Blacklight Retribution comes close to the flexibility you have with your weapons.Gameplay - it is a tactical 3rd person shooter. cover is your friend, clever tactics and smart use of your consumables will give you victory, along with coordination with your team. honestly this feels like a less clunky version of Ghost Recon Phantoms (Online) the animations are great, the weapons feel good. and the overall feel is nicely doneCampaign - I feel its baically your usual affair for a Tom Clancy game these days. its pretty ""deep"" with the usual kind of turns you'd expect from a Tom Clancy game. some sections are clever but I personally feel they were taking a few too many pointers from the CoD games and thats not exactly a good thing.The bad and the ugly:Uplay - nuff said... I've honestly had less issues with GFWL than Uplay.Lack of dedicated servers - yes... no dedicated servers of ANY kind. everything is P2P and more often than not you'll be playing with very high ping unless you are in the US or Russia (since thats the only kind of people that play GR games for some reason... it really baffles me... but anyway)Multiplayer - usually I'd put this as a good thing but here are a few major design flaws when it comes to Multiplayer...  there are 3 game types that you can play online: Campaign, Survival, and PvPCampaign. usually would be a cool thing playing with up to 3 friends. the main issue with it however is that Campaign is an INVITE ONLY system. meaning you CAN NOT make a public campain session. its acually impossible to do. so unless you have friends that you've made while playing PvP or bought the game already with a few mates. you'll never play campaign with anyone.Survival. lots of wasted potential here if you ask me. the mode itself is rather solid. however I do have a few gripes with the mode as a whole... the first and (biggest) issue is like the campaign it is INVITE ONLY. so once again unless you have friends already, you'll never play with anyone else... secondly it basially throws the customisation system completely out the window. at the end of each wave a box of supplies will come down and you choose from a SMALL selection of weapons to use... yeah they change at set intervals but you cannot change the weapon attachments or anything... what is in the list is what you get, no if's and's or but's... I mean come on... at least give us the chance to go in with OUR OWN CUSTOMISED WEAPONS FFS....PvP. as a whole I'd say PvP is pretty good (when it works) the classes have their own strengths. the maps are nicely varied (though I think they have a few too many choke points... if one team has the area locked down you are gona be pretty damn pressed to make ANY progress what so ever... having said that if you communicate and work as a team with your fellow allies you can turn tides... IF you communicate...the other issue that makes it virtually impossible to play online (at least for me) is the fact it is P2P in its matchmaking. not only have they segmented the community with the map packs but unless you have an open NAT (which is rather difficult to get with my experience with THIS particular title, never had issues in any other game) you'll have a VERY hard time finding a game to play....I'll give you a quick example of my online experience the last 4 times I've tried to play this game online.Get into MPFind a match...7 mins later gets into a lobby with 4 people...spend 10 mins waiting for more people to come because you at LEAST need 8 people total for a game to start (or is it 6 I cant remember at this point)people leave the lobby making it take even more time to fill in the slots needed20 mins later FINALLY get enough people. the game begins to load.loading screenConnection to Host has been lostgoes back to main menu.that has literally been my experience trying to play an online game the last 4 times I've tried to play.Can I recommend the game?Its honestly difficult to say... GRFS was not as it was first advertised to be (much like Space Marine) some aspects of the game are great while others are simply appalling.IF you get the game with some friends so you can all play together through Campaign and survival (and if you have enough to party up to do PvP... sure. go right ahead, I think you guys will have a blast.if you don't care about MP at all, sure if the game is on sale... other than the challenges to unlock different weapons and attachments for campaign... replay value is limited if you ask me because the levels are rather linier with little freedom to actually tackle things differently. (sure you can but you will be going out of your way to do so from my experience)it is a waste of potential at the end of the day not to mention a very average at best port to PC. it was unplayable when it first came out...."
76561198006546930,Not Recommended,212630,2376792,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,dmickeyc,"THIS IS NOT A RECOMMENDATION!THIS GAME IS A PIECE OF ♥♥♥♥ CONSOLE PORT BY UBER♥♥♥♥, BOGGED DOWN WITH ♥♥♥♥TY BUGS THAT RENDERS THIS DAMN ♥♥♥♥ING UNPLAYABLE!!AVOID AT ALL COSTS AND DO NOT BUY GAME BY UBER♥♥♥♥!!!"
76561198021290291,Recommended,212630,17710039,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Solid Snake,Very good coop game. I recommend to all of you who like tactical shooters.
,Not Recommended,212630,17723691,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,FatSackofCR4P,"Get this on PS3 or Xbox 360, because this is one of the worst PC ports I've ever played, and it's a shame cause it's actually a fantastic game; great third person shooting, intense action setpieces, infiltration and stealth mechanics, clever and intuitive gadgets, the gun customization is one of the best out there.The settings and options are limited and the game isn't demanding at all, and yet the game chugs along with an inconsistent framerate, delayed input, jagged edges, blurry textures, and intrusive loading screens.""Move along, nothing to see here."""
76561197989182276,Not Recommended,212630,17783820,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,U wot ಠ_ಠ,"Alright, first of all U-play is just bad and annoying. I guess I should start off with that the game looks good, I like the designs of the futuistic gear you get to play around with and the gunsmithing is also neat.But what I HATE about this game is that its not really a tactical stealth game, and it is so heavily scripted it hurts the soul. Basic mission is that you arrive into an area, and now you have to sneak (i.e shoot everyone without his buddies noticing) and it sounds good, but its scripted. You can only sneak in ceartain areas and once you're outside the ""sneak zones"" of the mission the baddies suddenly know where you are if you shoot one of them.Here is an example: The mission was on a ship, I had just snuck around inside the ship with a silenced weapons and the mission had taken me to a catwalk on the outside of the ship with 6 baddies and a catwalk on the other side of the ship. With some manuvering I managed to sync kill 4 of them and then full auto gun the last two with a silenced smg. Despite slaughtering the guards within a second, still I was somehow seen. How? Simple I was outside the ""sneaking section"" of that mission, it was time for action as waves of baddies was storming onto the other catwalk with sniper rifles."
,Recommended,212630,17842746,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,November_Foxtrot98,It is just a great 3rd person shooter and more realistic than COD.
,Not Recommended,212630,1173599,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,jdgdcg,"Well. I don't want to recommend this game to my worst enemy so... So... yes, the game has spectacular graphics and you need a last generation graphic card to play smoothly but... in-game speaking... in the middle of a combat they put videos and... slow-motion to appreciate how some insurgent fire a RPG and fails... or you can't control your character because the game needs him and you can only shoot... a weapon that you haven't selected. In the previous versions you could order your team to go somewhere, reposition... now you can only tell tem who to shot and they move like chickens without head. And you haven't enough information about missions. There you're, in the middle of the desert and you don't know who to shoot, or... not shoot or if you can shoot... and the instructions are nowhere to be seen. And the interface is directed to the console players. And YOU CAN'T SAVE. So, if you need to be elsewhere pry to have a save point near... No, don't buy this game. There's others better."
,Recommended,212630,3351017,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,yukon,багованная
,Recommended,212630,14998711,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Tofuboy's 86,Nice game to play. The gameplay is very good. I love it!
76561198175472065,Recommended,212630,14985136,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,FlaSssh|dRg,"great game, superb storyline and multiplayer"
76561198015540183,Not Recommended,212630,14979302,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,[FFM] dowden,co- op campaign doesn't work.........don`t buy it for co-op
76561198103463475,Not Recommended,212630,14979399,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,GIG.EtherealSun,"i just say this about this game...1 hour passed,and i cant even start it yet....cause of uply server...someone pls tell that sh***y ubi to delete this server and use steam instead"
,Not Recommended,212630,15569942,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,♥『NobodySpooky』♥,I Cant even play this game its terrible and a waste of my money.
76561198036738298,Recommended,212630,4412824,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,IronJeff273,Ghost Recon is a bad♥♥♥♥♥game.
76561198035076944,Recommended,212630,4286575,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,UPGRAYEDD,This is a good one.
76561198017689571,Recommended,212630,14486012,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,LoneWolfe_77th,Great Game!
76561197960348510,Not Recommended,212630,14423755,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,jakeee,"co-op does not work. Only get ""connection to host lost"" when trying to join a friends lobby, same when he tries to join mine. We have both turned of all firewalls (software & router). If you google it you will find a lot of people having the same problem.  So if you are only interested in the co-op part, DONT BUY!"
76561198019860859,Recommended,212630,3268425,"Posted: 3 July, 2012",all,Soularic 187,Awesome military shooter. Slower and more realistically paced then Battlefield 3 and Call of Duty but maintaining enough speed to not make it a bore.
,Recommended,212630,14670156,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Brohann Sebastian Bach,There is much fun in this game. Especially when you get some friends and tackle the campaign. Stays true to Tom Clancy formulas but still feels fresh!9/10
76561198062434824,Recommended,212630,6263951,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,HYPER,this game is awsome!
76561198010366377,Not Recommended,212630,15864478,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Maverati,"Broken game, doesn't work no matter what i tried"
,Recommended,212630,15822144,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,PyroLux,This game is one of my favourite games ever it has fluent combat and a very tactical side
,Not Recommended,212630,16140749,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,sniperaust,"I cannot reccomend this game to anyone. The issues on PC are so far gone that it makes it utterly unplayable. My PC specs exceed the requirements for the game, but it still won't work properly. Ubisoft has cut off support for the game- quite some time ago it seems- and ever since I bought the game on 12/14/2012 I have been unable to proceed past the first mission. Launching the game from steam, into ubisoft's own browser is already ridiculous enough. However, once in game it quite honestly becomes a lag-ridden rollercoaster. I literally bought a new computer just to play this game. It still won't run properly. (But GTA V does). The 6hours or so that I have on record are all repeating the first. Bloody. Mission. In wasted attempts to find some way to get the game working properly. When looking online after giving up on Ubisoft support- since sadly, the usually helpful steam support does not cover this particular game- it appears that almost everyone else who has bought this game FOR PC finds it unplayable. However the console version is, apparently, awesome. Amusingly, the multiplayer part of the game runs better than the singleplayer; I was able to get a full hour of actual playtime before the game decided not to allow me to even boot up the multiplayer anymore.TL;DR... Buy it on console or not at all."
,Recommended,212630,5509089,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Proctra,"A great time with decent teamates. That being said I recomend playing with friends as SP Ai is cringeworthy, thankfully they're invisible/invincible"
76561198023196100,Recommended,212630,13834525,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,raniapibol2,the good game ubisoft ever made. i got on my ps 3 . and  hopely this games also available on ps 4
,Recommended,212630,13252980,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,BillyTheKid,Online never worked worth a ♥♥♥♥ but the single player I found fun with a good amount of shooting.
76561198118037298,Recommended,212630,15165550,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Grenadier,After playing it on Xbox 360 and now PC i would reccomend the PC version  its more of a challenge and the graphics are amazing! plus its just PC nothing beats PC!
,Not Recommended,212630,15268159,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Nik,"I don't mind third-person shooters, but in this one the controls and camera perspective are quite disorienting. Also, the unskippable cutscenes after every death and having to launch Uplay to play this game are off-putting. Save your money for better shooters instead."
76561197970661707,Not Recommended,212630,15273279,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Elcid Barrett,broken multiplayer wtf?
76561198034399077,Recommended,212630,4244876,"Posted: 9 October, 2012",all,SHERIFF,"Одна из самых лучших кооперативных игр на 4-х. Интересные ситуация, тактический гейплей и отличная графика."
,Recommended,212630,15176252,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Megalith aka xXOMNOMNOMXx,"When I could play this I had tons of fun. But Ubisoft's desktop menu (UPlay) had to suck (I think UPlay can go to a place that is eternally dark and hot). When I wanted to play the game the screen went to black as if it was loading the game and stayed there. Maybe it has changed since then or maybe my computer just sucked at dealing with (at the time) DRM games. Despite this, I think Future Soldier is one of the better shooter games I have ever played and would recommend to anyone. With decent graphics, excellent gameplay, good story, and great weapons customization this game is solid game."
,Not Recommended,212630,15176594,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Robert Of Loxley,Uplay..... NO U**** i hate add on software ubisoft suck ****! just stop making bad games that need your dumb uplay plz its horrible it worse than this game! as soon as i saw Uplay i thought Uwont.
,Not Recommended,212630,15179830,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,LithiumCobra,"Got this game during the Ubisoft Sale, at that point it was only $5.  After the first couple of missions, it gets really boring and repetitve.  I was just about to quit and not finish the campaign, which has no story at all, but I couldn't since it also started crashing during the campaign.  Don't waste your money on this game, no one is even online anymore."
,Recommended,212630,15180466,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Pђiđ,A game you should better play with friends...
,Not Recommended,212630,15247211,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Pilkasis Vilkas,"Alright, I was pretty hyped back then in 2012 when I heard that GR:FS is getting released and after hearing the negative reviews I decided not to buy it. Buying it last year seemed like a decent game for 10 euros.To begin with the issues the game has are as follows: after you download the game you need a Uplay account in order to play the game, otherwise the game won't start... And even with that the game has many graphical issues with my GTX 580, sometimes the display driver stops working and other unnecessary ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t happens. And sometimes the game gets awful graphical issues and look I can play games like Wolfenstein: The New Order without issues or Company of Heroes 2. The game has awful mechanics and the controls are straight from the console version.Then the actual game, the storyline seems alright even tough there are clichés within the game... Russia starting WW3 and typical ploy from western media. But the gameplay, it's nothing like the previous Ghost Recon games! The stealth is almost non-existent except for few levels (where you infiltrate the airport) and the stealth mechanics don't work always, even you use camo and act as discreet as you can the enemies still spot you and the mission gets scrubbed.The checkpoints are fine as long as they work, sometimes it didn't even allow me to save the damn game which made me really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off! Thanks alot Ubisoft for making this crappy game! I'd rather get those 10 bucks back than play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.If you want my advice, steer well clear of the PC version and if you happen to own a PS3 or an Xbox 360 this game might be the thing for you. I bought the game few years ago on my PS3 and it did work fine except some minor issues with the game bugging on a few scenes but don't worry it's not as bad as the PC version."
,Recommended,212630,7680177,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Reaven,nice game must play
76561198054828304,Recommended,212630,5735129,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,BlckEagle89,"Graet Gameplay, medium graphics, interested multiplayer... The game itself is good, i hope the multiplayer stay alive couple of months at least"
76561198163100401,Not Recommended,212630,14911055,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,XXXFIDGETSPINNER,10/10 crash simulator
,Not Recommended,212630,14911212,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Uncle Patel,"The game has a pretty fun single player, but if you intend to do co-op please do NOT buy this game. It's buggy and doesn't work. Bugs include: crashing when a friend comes online(yes thats real), joining a lobby, interacting with the friends list on uplay overlay. I had tried everything from disabling network adapters not in use, disabling firewall, port forwarding,messing with the uplay proxy settings, BUT NOTHING WORKS FOR CO OP. Seriously these devs need to finish a game, should have listen to the others on the review section that warned me of this."
,Recommended,212630,14912467,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,KidKlyde,"It's Ghost Recon, great game."
,Recommended,212630,14889991,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Mithril,"Old game, but here is my take on it anyway:Graphics OK, but subpar with most AAA games that came out in 2012. Animations are a bit broken in places. Absolutely hate the rails game play. Absolutely hate having to authenticate with Uplay (did I say the game is from 2012? There really should be a law to get rid of DRM on older games) There is a campaign, but the game starts it as if you want to play multiplayer. The game is OK, and the story is decent. But the characters are over the top. So much so, it is kind of silly. In the end the game is just a few bucks, and it good enough for a bit of fun every now and then. I do worry however about the switch to IPV6. A lot of old games, trying to authenticate using IPV4 is just a minefield waiting to happen."
,Recommended,212630,14893066,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Blueomni,"Personaly, I think third person shooters belong in the console world. But after spending an afternoon with this game I came to enjoy it. Still I miss all the tactical work and added dificulty from previous Ghost Recons.It feels alot like a console port, dumbed down just like one to make it adaptable to console controllers instead of taking advange of the traditional keyboard-mouse. Unfortunately, this is a trend invading the PC world, and therefore I cannot be so peeky about this game.Bottom line, it entertains, runs very well on my aging machine (C2D E8200@3.2 GHz; 8 GB RAM;Radeon HD6870) allowing a nice balance between good graphics settings (medium-high) at acceptable performance (~40 fps), it was a great deal finding it on sale (-75%) and in overall I didn't spot any major bug, making this a very will balanced game.If you are looking for a good tactical FPS, do not get this game, you will have more luck with GR Advanced Warfighter.On the other hand, if you are just looking to release some steam, this game is pretty easy and will allow you to pop some bad guys without much effort, just think of Left 4 Dead in third person,  with a little more tactics in the mix."
76561197971066211,Not Recommended,212630,14893733,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,DreamFighter,"Just bought this game does not work at all, complete waste of money. Avoid at all costs, Fortunatly I only wasted $5 on it, don't make my mistake."
,Recommended,212630,14894465,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,empty,"As the Game was on Sale during Ubisoft Publisher Week, me and 2 friends decided to get it.First off we were a bit anxious because of all the bad reviews. But hey, since we only wanted it to play coop and it was just 3.74€, let's give it a try.At First we had some issues creating a coop party (connection failed blah blah).Since there seem to be a lot of people having these issues there was a ton of threads on the forums, but with no working solution in them.We tracked the problem down and disabled the hamachi network client - and it worked completely well.I hope that this might help some people here hating the ♥♥♥♥ out of this (pretty solid) game.A few words on the gameplay:Yes - it has nothing to do with the good old Ghost Recon games. It is pretty easy, but has some good intentions towards tactics and coordinated teamplay. The story is not bad, similiar to a COD or BF, so there's nothing new to surprise you.I couldn't recognize any bugs or performance issues. Surely it's no graphical master peace but not as bad as some people say here. The Levels are linear (like COD/BF) but very atmospheric. Textures and damage models are nice to look at and the overall gameplay feels very smooth. I see a lot of people saying that it's a ""bad console port"". Yeah, in the menu it really feels like a console, but the gameplay itself is good and the 3rd person view suits the game very well. Also the controls are absolutly normal and in no way confusing(W, A, S, D to move, Q for orders, E for use, F for special equipment and 1-6 for weapons+attachements, right mouse for aiming and middle mouse for aiming down sights)and the covering system is well thought.As i bought the game simply for the coop i can't say anything to the multiplayer.But as far as I experienced the game i cannot agree with all the haters around here.The Coop works and that pretty good. None of us had any performance issues, crashes or bugs.And the gameplay, controls, graphics and story are solid. No ""WTF WOW"" game, but overall a good, fun game to play with friends for a few hours. Also has some replayability since there are some challenges which are not that easy to achieve.Features like the Gunsmith are pretty amazing. The synced shot on mulitple targets adds some tactical component and the stealth/covering system are also very well designed."
,Not Recommended,212630,14931252,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Spitney Hournsohn,"Basically just trash.They should try and decide between a CoD-style shooter and a tactical one, and not just smush both of them together."
76561198083524885,Not Recommended,212630,14921457,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,- RAMIEL -,i bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥to play co op but what i got is a garbage how ever i lucky that bough while it sale 75%
,Not Recommended,212630,14921725,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,chuybaka,"Es un port totalment mal hecho que lo hace injugable, asi de simple... el juego en si me parece muy bueno, lastima que nunca recibio algun parche para hacerlo jugable"
,Recommended,212630,2000135,"Posted: 19 August, 2012",all,アレクサンダー,"For starters - game brings up controversial feelings in you. You may be total and extreme bad♥♥♥♥♥walking slowly down the alley and your teammates taking down enemy who look funny on you. You may do sneaky executions right behind general who is walking down the alley slowly and thinking it's totally safe. You also may shoot tons of enemies in their jeeps driving to kill you. So good thing in campaign - different situations, different rules of engagment and stuff like that. Bad things - usually same weapons (meaning that arsenal feature is practically useles). Another bad thing - how enemy spot you. Sometimes it's understandable, but sometimes it's just one of those ""How the ♥♥♥♥?!"" Multiplayer is 50/50. Coop is your typical survival mode. So bleh. Coop campaign on the other hand is great. So I do recommend this game, but get ready that you'll not use all features game has to offer (because they are either useles or there are a lot of high level people in MP at this point)."
,Recommended,212630,61882,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,FACEMACHINE,"It's fun, you get to hide behind stuff and shoot adults when the pop up. SP is great, MP is great/frustrating. Everyone will be better than you"
,Recommended,212630,3411419,"Posted: 1 September, 2012",all,Meier,"At its core there is a pretty good co-op game here. But having had so many issues with it since launch, it's hard to recommend it for its full price. But if you wan't a nice co-op experience, i would suggest you buy this at a lowered price."
,Not Recommended,212630,493907,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Chandler,"This game is really boring. Dull story, characters, shooting, level design, etc. There were a few cool 'gadget' moments, but otherwise very forgettable."
,Not Recommended,212630,126555,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,Scythan,Buggy Launch. Incompatable with PC Hardware. Optimized for XBox. Generally a Bad Port. Avoid.
,Recommended,212630,3975041,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,Omni-Gaymer,This games a ♥♥♥♥in broken♥♥♥♥♥piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ waste of money.
76561197970329460,Recommended,212630,7453442,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Aeneas2020,A fun if not overly realistic 3rd person tactical shooter. The campaign is standard good guys save the world nonsense but the gameplay is fun and the core dynamics and systems are tight. It is a shame it really isn't more of a traditional ghost recon game (don't expect open explorable levels!). A good diversion for a long weekend. 7.5/10
,Recommended,212630,5140617,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Shifty,"I love this game, I do.Great graphics, immersive story, challenging missions and high adaptability to your playstyle make this a great game.But why am I no longer motivated to play it?Well, honestly this game is great, but has nothing that really pulls it out of the other great games out there and honestly, I'd rather be playing Farcry 2 or Fallout 3 then this game. It's a good game, just not one of the best. Doesn't mean you won't enjoy it, I definetly love playing in the every few weeks I load this game up for a spin. It won't get old and I haven't even played 10 hours on it yet...but that's probably one of the reasons this game isn't on my ""to play"" list.You may enjoy it, you may not. This is just my opinion. Either way, the outstanding features other games have are...well...kinda lacking here."
,Not Recommended,212630,7856814,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Reefer Cowboy,"EXTREMLY buggy, I had owned this title on the PS3 and its VERY dissapointing to see that alot of the bugs (too many to list) are still present in the pc version. I would LOVE to be able to reccomend this game for how great the gameplay is but when so many things are just broken I wouldn't be able to honestly give this a thumbs up.TL;DR Read the reviews before picking this game up DO NOT DO IT FOR THE MULTIPLAYER"
76561197964796676,Recommended,212630,193092,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Viper90xt,great team play game
,Recommended,212630,1769392,"Posted: 9 July, 2012",all,Hellspawn,"Best military shooter in a while. In an oversaturated genre, Ghost Recon brings a breath of fresh air with with its slower but more realistic tactical approach to every situation. Good graphics, great gameplay and a cool story (better than the typical military shooter in my opinion). Multiplayer is good but could use some improvement."
,Not Recommended,212630,3374249,"Posted: 26 June, 2012",all,HellsCrypt,A very very sad and pathetic port on to the PC. If you want to play it get it for consol as this game horrible on pc.
76561198001305930,Recommended,212630,2037911,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,pro-killer,"Покупали с друзьями ради коопа, однако до сих пор(прошло ~2 года :P ) не можем поиграть вместе! Вообще игра не стоит своих денег, особенно если вы помните старый Ghost Recon."
,Recommended,212630,2558081,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,BloodRaven,"this game is legitimately one of the coolest games i['ve ever played.  Seriously good team mechanics, awesome looking interface, killer music, good voice acting, flawless co-op campaign......too good.  get this game."
,Recommended,212630,4778080,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Mz1815,I was really hyped....This is an awful PC port....AWFUL..It's really fun when it works though..
,Not Recommended,212630,2716364,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,[FOC] Bromly,"Console Port, terrible multiplayer support. Waste of money."
,Recommended,212630,15719263,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,POK_THEPORTALER1,"its pretty good, could get frustrating at some points and its a little short."
76561198052811144,Recommended,212630,16618806,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Unknownz,Not a bad game
76561197980890369,Recommended,212630,13861872,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,colt .45 killer,"This game should be played co-op only, never single playerThe story of this game is a bad B movie.  Seriously, every time the camera stops and pauses looking at a hovering helo its time for a dramatic ""ARR PEEE GEEEE"".  There's stupid speaches by AI which are redunant and annoying but serve only for some kind of urrahhh value.  Dialog here is subpar to an awkard porno.  Unlike something like farcry blood dragon which is hilarious, this is so so so bad.  I mean I guess you could make it good if you all had a line of shots in front of you, and you took one every time you predicted the next line of dialogue or 'surprise plot twist'.  That would likely kill you though.The campaign is interesting, but all to often takes away player control to have you walk a VIP around with only your handgun out.  During these processes you're moving on rails and can only shoot in a small area, you can't turn or control movement.  So if an enemy walks up to you outside of your small FOV they kill you, your team AI are useless in loud combat often able to burn through magazines of ammo before they hit something 5 feet away.  These AI hike scenes are often started with a cutscene, guess where the save point is?  That's right, before the ♥♥♥♥ing cutscene.  So if you intend to play on higher difficulty, prepare to watch some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ cutscene again, and again, and again.On to the features though, which actually are quite nice.  This game is a fun co-op game.  Period.  If you intend to play it single player you'd be well off seeing how quickly you can pull your own teeth with a set of pliars, or try playing on something other than the harder difficulties.  Back in reality though you should get this game if and only if you have friends to play with in co-op; a single player experience this isn't.  On that note the entire single player campaign can be played in co-op which is good.Also, for the PCMR out there.  The game has about 50 FOV.  Not even joking, I'm not sure which is better for quick migraines; this or repeatedly hitting my head with a mallet."
,Recommended,212630,4957067,"Posted: 27 October, 2012",all,Princess Satan,Amazing game! a few minor bugs with ubisoft but its ubisoft so its expected. eitehr that its an amazing fun game
76561198084529762,Not Recommended,212630,13884381,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,LuckySl7vin,"Ubisoft really sunk themselves with this one.  Don't get me wrong, if anything about Uplay was worth a crap, this would be a really good title.  Unfortunately for both us and Ubisoft, there is nothing good about Uplay.  I don't play a lot of single player games. In fact, I generally only buy a title if it is a co-op or competetive multiiplayer title.  That being said, this game IS NOT AS ADVERTISED due to the incredibly poor preformance and overall gayness of Uplay and its inability to handle simple functions like matchmaking.The mecahnics of this game are great and when you are actually playing it, it is a very smooth, very fun tactical shooter.  But good luck cutting through all the Uplay BS to get there.  Why the hell Ubisoft even bothers with their own hub is beyond me-- STEAM is the king of gamer connectivity.  Why would you need to have both STEAM and Uplay especially when UPLAY preforms like♥♥♥♥♥♥Good luck getting into a co-op match with a friend.  UPLAY crashes the damn system every time you try to start the game if you have a friend on your Uplay list that also runs the title.  It is an incredibly frustrating and unnecessary hinderance to an otherwise good game.  Unfortunately for Ubisoft, its a deal breaker.  DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE unless you want to play single player only."
,Recommended,212630,2120273,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Darth Sidious,"Though it may not be as tactically inclined as the older titles, Future Soldier holds it's own charm with all the gadgets you can equip and the Gunsmith system to make a loadout that is truly your own. On a side note, AI is typical of modern games in that more > dynamic, but, this doesn't detract from the fun of Co-op and MP."
76561198022375546,Not Recommended,212630,9225934,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,SkelliesLoL,"A RISKY PURCHASE. But has the potential to be a good game if it works properly.Myself and 2 friends purchased this to play co-op on a lan. We got a little way into the first mission (Nimble Guardian) at which point 2 of us could shoot but we were unable to kill the bad guys. However my other mate was having no such problems. I also had a weird graphical bug. After a bit of research i cured this by resetting the graphics to their default.My search for a cure to the other issue found a few people with the same problem but no definitive answer. We did try one thing which seems to have sorted it.....by removing my friends from the uplay list and reinviting them ingame. You should note however that at this point one of my mates had given up so it was just two of us.A bit further on we paused the game, came back 5 mins later only to find i had lost connection. We tried to start again but this time neither of us could get connection.There are obviously still bugs in this game that haven't been sorted out but only appear to affect some people.If anybody has any ideas then please tell.Due to the bugs, i just can't reccomend it."
,Not Recommended,212630,9227468,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Der Weiß,Gives you ubisoft points that you can spend on DRM! Plays like a potato. Gives in game contols tuts for controllers. Almost as if the PC market was an after thought. Spend your money elsewhere.
76561197994406822,Not Recommended,212630,9227744,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,gio3505,"Sadly I cannot recomend this game. Although the game is very fun, it seems to be plagued with bugs. I joined a multiplayer match and was invulnerable until someone stealth killed me. I then could not do anything besides quit the match. I get massive artifacting problems in single player. I couldnt move the camera on the ground drone. Just some of the many things that wouldnt work right."
76561197973245540,Recommended,212630,9210164,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Silentwolf,2:49.... ♥♥♥♥ing bargain.
,Recommended,212630,9252999,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,귀찮다,최적화만잘되면 좋은게임
76561198065206374,Recommended,212630,9253007,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,SN3AKYM3XICAN,great game
,Recommended,212630,9258958,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,litleboi,"I absolutely love this game!It's so nice to play a game where you can, in the middle of a sandstorm, go ghost and just sneak around popping every enemy, with sync shot or just with your silenced weapon, it really is  a hell of a lot of fun! In addition this game looks pretty good, it's no Crysis, but it still looks nice. I haven't finished the game yet, but so far i'm loving it!  :D"
76561198073684719,Recommended,212630,9216175,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Skipper,"Just bought the game , and i cannot play it ! , says that the game is already running , but nothing happens ..The game it`s cool , but i cannot play it  i dont know what problem i have , but i cannot run the game , So Money for NothingAlso my friends cannot play online ..so good job"
,Not Recommended,212630,9240739,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Vejita,"Tom Clancy's Ghost Recon: Future Soldier™ is a Third Person Shooter.You play a Member of a Special Unit called ""Ghosts"" and, big surprise, will save the world or at least some country or other.There are about 12 Missions, every one ca. 1 - 2 Hours. You can play alone or with up to 3 friends in COOP.There is a Multiplayer Mode as well, but I will disregard it at this point in time, because nearly no one is playing it any more.Please be also notified that this is an Ubisoft Game and therefore ships with their awful Uplay DRM.The Game plays like your average 3rd Person Shooter, quite like Gears of War or Halo. Now you say: ""These are Console Franchises"" and you would be quiet right. Because it also plays really Console like, with all its ""benefits"".There are the not really Mouse controlled Menus, the Console Graphics and just awful rail shooter passages.  In Addition to that, the Game constantly tries to shove its little Gadgets and Mechanics (that would otherwise be quiet nice to have) down your throat and therefore accomplishes a thing that no Game should. It begins to annoy very quickly...But there’s not only downsides to the Game. The Gunplay is kind of OK. The Story is, so much uninspired, not so bad. And there is a COOP, which for the most time works quite well.Pro:-COOP-weapon customization-weapon varietyContra:-buggy COOP-too easy with bots (Sync shot)-clunky console like controls-bad graphics-not what the Franchise stands for-RAIL SHOOTER passages!!!So no Recommendation here. Even for the 3 Euros while on Sale. It’s generally a waste of Time, especially for Fans of the Series."
,Not Recommended,212630,9241301,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,jolnr,"This game is full of DRM.  It is very hard to get it working.  I cannot play it on my IP address apparently, I have to connect to a friend's wireless to play.  I have tried everything.  I would not waste your money on this game because the developers hate you."
,Recommended,212630,9247949,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Alex-Rage,good game lots of fun if you play with friends
,Not Recommended,212630,9250354,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,netomanoten,"Very un optimized, requires some really good hardware to run, I’ve read on some forums were people say even some good GPU’s  are having performance issues, do your research before purchasing, not recommended for low profile systems."
76561198062129615,Not Recommended,212630,9250906,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,IronRain,"I created a Uplay account and put in my activation code and everytime I launched the game it crashed, the I restarted my computer to see if that would help and I logged back in and it says I have to activate my code key and I put it in again and it says it has already been used! WTF!"
,Recommended,212630,8952023,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,[7VOX] Vox_Dei_Populi,Another classic in the Ghost Recon game line!
,Recommended,212630,1352639,"Posted: 29 June, 2012",all,Damn Randall  ¯\(°_o)/¯,"Despite some hitches getting the game to run the first time, this game is incredibly fun. If you want to get your Bodark on, buy this game."
,Not Recommended,212630,9003491,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Chocolate Thottie,Fun for a bit but otherwise completely forgettable as a game. Go get some of the other Ghost games from before and co-op it up. It's cheaper and much better. This game isn't BAD but it just comes and goes and you won't remember it a week after you put it down.
,Recommended,212630,9318513,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,"Vlad, not a vampire","bad gameplay.bad graphics: terrible textures, not optimized for PC.no variation in gameplay.^not up to 2012's standards for PCthe worst cutscenes in video game history.0.0/10 on the scale of story.overal a MEH-BAH port to PC, would not recommend unless it costs under €3 which is what I paid for it.would rate a 3.5/10"
,Not Recommended,212630,9322051,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Eso,I wouldn't recommend this because when I bought it literally the only controls that would work are aiming down sights and crouching. Fortunately Ubisoft released a patch and the friend who was going to play this coop with me had the same issue.I tried every fix listed on various forums but none of them made any difference.10/10 would be butthurt again.
,Recommended,212630,9323845,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,sapphire,Great game! This is my first third person shooter and I gotta say Ubisoft does do a good job with the Tom Clancy series but why does it have to launch on Uplay?
76561198029980526,Recommended,212630,9325557,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Charter Internet is Garbage,"I just like looking at the gun parts. besides that it is aight i guess. i play missions with magnetic vision always on so i kinda cheat.  and its really easy to go through a mission by just telling your teammates to do everything soo yeah... not much challenge, but fun nonetheless i suppose."
76561198006843224,Recommended,212630,8679700,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,M.B.S,best co-op game
,Recommended,212630,2958410,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Lego Evinion,Just awesome )
,Not Recommended,212630,8709773,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Warmonger,Broken Coop Campaign Due To Desync issues especially on the first mission...This game is an unfinished abandoned product by far. And all attempts to contact Screwbisoft fail do to their also broken site which may be intentional in demotivating the consumer from bring complaints to their front doorstep. Shame on me for trying this due to their great prior titles.This product is a no-go. You should ask for your money back at all costs.Angry army reporting out.
,Not Recommended,212630,8747059,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,myingling,"This game doesn't deserve the ""Ghost Recon"" title.  It's 3rd person only, the controls are completely unlike any previouis iteration of the game, the mechanics (like invisibility) are more COD-like than GRAW and the entire thing feels unnatural.  A waste of money and a waste of developement time.  I hope they go back to the GRAW model and keep the old elements:- Unlimited running- Instant bullet fires (no delay from trigger press to target hit)- First person view- Reloading ditches the entire current mag- No wind effect on bullets- Stand, crouch, prone, tip-toe heights- No magic technology (like cloaking)"
76561198017257088,Not Recommended,212630,8668877,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SoulStealer,This game is a buggy mess.  I tried playing this with several friends.  Our fun was halted by invisbile enemies and glitchy AI that prevented mission progression.  Stay away from this title!
,Recommended,212630,582538,"Posted: 2 July, 2012",all,MASSKILLA,this game is terrible dont buy it really bad game play!!
,Recommended,212630,1736116,"Posted: 6 July, 2012",all,"No Trevor, You'll just die.",Way to easy.
,Recommended,212630,735510,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,SQUENIX BASED REMAKE,Great game bad port. Wouldn't recommend it till it sees patches.
76561198055776177,Recommended,212630,8555282,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,ArmoR,owsome game
76561197975252840,Recommended,212630,8584832,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,FrostBite,amazing Game ....was  a gem that i missed. Get it
,Recommended,212630,14204644,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,alpero,"Aside from some multiplayer connection problems, this game is really fun. Maybe a little too technologic."
,Recommended,212630,14233144,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,SuperGiantEgg,a lot of the complaints on this game had to do with multiplayer. but i just played through the campaigns and it was  rlly fun tactical stealth game with great graphics.
76561198001338650,Not Recommended,212630,12265982,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,jennderqueer,"It's a bit of an odd port, but overall it's a solid game. Nice stealth, very good co-op, but very odd multiplayer that I didn't get into. I'd recommend it just for a co-op run-through with a friend or three.EDIT:This game, to my knowledge, no longer works for co-op. I retract my recommendation."
,Recommended,212630,13367990,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,TheAfroSamurai,"Tom Clancy’s Ghost Recon Future Soldier is an okay game but the overall diversity and dexterity of the story is one of its shortcomings. The game follows a very linear and generic storyline, however the user’s ability to approach a situation in any chosen manner compensates for it. The game has a well-developed stealth system and that is what brings the game together for me. As without that, it would just be another generic game with generic controls and a generic storyline. This is a game that you should purchase during a steam sale as it doesn’t warrant its current price point."
,Recommended,212630,15018747,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,Garrett,"If you can past the horrible optimization of the game, it is really fun. I just finished the first mission while also doing some guerrilla mode and had a blast. I would recommend the game. I get a stable 63 FPS(Capped becauase of game) maxed out with DirectX 11 on a Nvidia 690, i7-3930k at 3.2ghz, and 32GB of RAM."
,Recommended,212630,15004861,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Gh0styy,"Great tactical squad-based shooter! Play it for its single-player or if you got friends, the online coop is good too. The competitive online multiplayer is P2P 8 vs 8 and the number of players is low (unless it is on sale) so finding a game is somewhat a hit or miss."
,Recommended,212630,14916759,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,][-[CG]-][,"I loved the game up until the last mission which was a game killer (pursuing targets to eliminate before they exfiltrate). Sadly this resulted in me not finishing the game and uninstalling it, aside from this, I enjoyed the game.  Not bad as well as I purchased it on sale at £2.50 - so can't really complain..."
,Not Recommended,212630,14917826,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Hyskoa,what can i do about yeti error minidump's ?
,Recommended,212630,14951890,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,RikvdReijen,The story is pretty cool. I like that there are a lot of diffent tactics and gadgets you can use to work around the enemies. The multiplayer is kinda death and not that fun (Go play the free to play version for that). 7.5/10
,Recommended,212630,14955016,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,JayTheTechGuy,"A solid third person action game with a lot of weapon customization, but falls a bit short with the campaign......but redeems itself with the multiplayer8/10"
76561198012920473,Not Recommended,212630,14899332,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Edge L0rd,"The mouse acceleration hurts. Uplay hurts. I have not played this game and no longer have the will to play it, just no."
,Recommended,212630,2742840,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,Ecchi_[UnnlimiteD]!™,SooGoooDO_ó
76561198005050879,Recommended,212630,2278677,"Posted: 4 July, 2012",all,Zenith,ともかくストーリーが熱い!!
,Recommended,212630,2974900,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,SkyFrost,good game
76561198054593098,Recommended,212630,13209112,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,ZachZachAttack,Talk about a fun game to play with friends. This game has so many things in it and the weapons cusomization is awesome. I personally use the iOS app to customize it. Recommend buying through Uplay though so you can get some extras.
,Not Recommended,212630,13268459,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,fra_casula,"Not even able to climb a f**king ladder. And apparently I'm not the only one!How is that even possible? I mean people in forums saying ""we know that, please contact the tech support team to get help"", really? Is that so hard to fix for Ubisoft?Also the graphic engine is really bad. I play Splinter Cell Blacklist with maximum details with no problem but I have to play this with all the settings set to low or I won't be able to play at an acceptable framerate."
,Not Recommended,212630,19297474,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Cameron [⇄],THIS GAME IS TERRIBLE. DONT GET IT UNLESS YOU ARE RICH AND HAVE MONEY TO WASTE... OR IF YOU ARE STUPID AN CANT READ. THE GAME IS STUPID
76561198070115276,Not Recommended,212630,19317437,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Vexxsis,Multiplayer is a complete waste of time ...nothing but cheating hackers....it's pathetic people have to revert to this because they are that  bad at games..
,Not Recommended,212630,19319950,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,sol,Even without uplay its a bad game.It doesn't help that it has aged poorly.
76561198059171343,Recommended,212630,16638433,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,The Last Zaku,"Future Soldier blends cover based shooting with slick stealth to create an interesting blend. If you've ever wanted to be part of a Super Secret Black Ops unit with the latest military tech at their disposal, then you should just stop reading and pick this up. Despite the minor Uplay hurdle, this shooter is full of varied locations, a decent story, and impressive gadgets. In true Tom Clancy fashion, this game feels very much like a blockbuster film.PROS:-Superb AI (I've never played alongside better co-op AI. They actually help you!)-Smooth controls (I recommend a controller)-Excellent cover system-Weapon/Loadout customization-Tons of gadgets (mini UAV, sensor grenades, active camo, etc.)-An impressive array of weapons-Varied mission locations-Chatter among squadmates boosts imersion-Lengthy campaign (took me 13 hours to complete)-Epic final missionCONS:-Plot leaves little more than a reason to shoot people.-Gadgets can make the game feel very easy.-Cycle of ""Sneak, Shoot, Sneak, Shoot"" may feel quite repetitive near the end.-AWFUL solo mission (Gallant Thief)-Uplay8/10 One of the best third person shooters I've played as of late. Once you get past Uplay, its smooth sailing."
76561197960791606,Recommended,212630,19539279,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,NWO is 666,"Grade = 70 %Good if played in co-op with friends and you can pick it up cheap.  Otherwise, singleplayer is just ok."
,Recommended,212630,19655672,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mr.Cocaine,I feel like a soldier in the future
,Recommended,212630,3165368,"Posted: 17 July, 2012",all,StrykerFour,The single player is alot of fun. I find it very stealthy if you like it that way based on the mission. There tons of moving around but at the same time waiting to see how the enemy move before taking a shot. Multiplayer isnt to bad. Not alot of players to play against but it will keep you busy.
,Recommended,212630,4578055,"Posted: 31 July, 2012",all,idrol,Best game ever
,Not Recommended,212630,19654953,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Blackbone,"Bought the game for Co-op, and it didn't work.."
76561197991523968,Recommended,212630,1329916,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Snoopy The Avenger,"The latest installment of the Ghost Recon franchise is a good game its not great though.It is no longer a squad based tactical shooter game like the first few outings - you cannot pick members of your squad (they are all the same), you spend the first half of the mission sneaking around and silently killing people then the second half involves doing a call of duty run and gun everything in your way.The weapon customisation and the ability to pick your wargear prior to each mission was good, but it doesnt make up for the fact that it is very similar to the latest COD outing...Look its still worth playing and the graphics and squad interface and sync kills are a great feature."
76561198130675628,Recommended,212630,19538030,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,DARKWOLF,"Hey guyz Just Download TUNGGLE it's a ""Lan"" Online game connection to play with other people... It make the game think that you are playing directly when you acctually aren't.."
76561198024206251,Recommended,212630,19522599,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,HITDAT.,"Very fun game, but not many is playing it now."
,Recommended,212630,18504199,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,sl8hamr,"For those haters out there crying this game is awful. I'd say that since i bought it 2 days ago downloaded it. and play it staright for 5 hours with no problem.even the next day i completed it in 4 or 5 hours.still no problem. I'm a big fan of this series (even though i didn't buy them all on steam) This game works perfectly fine.even the U(can't)Play works fine for me in my laptop.no optimizing issue no resolution issue or controlling issue.BUT!!!If you want to buy this game I'd suggest you buying it for Singleplayer and Coop ONLY!!!and make sure your buddies have this game with no problemsThe Multiplayer is dead or i'm just too lazy to find games...stillthe storyline is great. the mission is good .objective's not too hard AND!!!!!!!SPOILER ALERT!!!!Even if you bought this game for coop.In one of the mission is a pure solo mission,simply you're gonna need to play solo ONE TIME if you think the Solo mission is too hard just let your buddy finish it and skip to play (with him as a host too)*The Solo mission took me an hour and a half to complete it and it's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥doing that bloody stupid mission)"
76561198033195329,Not Recommended,212630,19527579,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Mr. Chiggles,"Its basically an xbox game. Calling it a pc game is kinda like calling a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ a therapist.I suppose if you play through the campaign or do co-op it could be enjoyable but I in general dislike the whole xbox feel. (Hence I play pc games, hurr durr).Only played GR Advanced Warfighter 1 & 2. Both of which felt a lot more strategic I suppose you could say. Learn from your errors, try a new approach, think about how you're going to move forward, where your squadmates should be positioned, multiple attack angles to consider etc.This just feels like im on a train rushing towards the end of tunnel as fast as I can. Conveniently there is also a nifty gadget that can get me through any situation.Step forwards or backwards? Not really sure, younger audiences might enjoy this style a lot more. This salty sailor won't be buying any new GR based on this incarnation."
76561198053460117,Recommended,212630,19584224,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Major Crenshaw,Good Tactical Shooting Game!.
,Recommended,212630,20245638,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,YourBoyNasty,Dont touch your graphics!!!! It breaks the game!!!
,Recommended,212630,5611177,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,codename_311,хорошая игра
76561197994874161,Recommended,212630,24219525,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,mazcoupe,The graphics are getting so much in and in the years to come I think it's going to take off
,Recommended,212630,24218096,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Simpason CSGO-SKINS.COM,this game is awesome!
76561197996312529,Recommended,212630,24281971,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,berendakov,Awesome for those who likes Ghost recoon series
76561198152874344,Recommended,212630,23412384,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,prometheus45,"One of if not the greatest 3rd person shooter of all time, I would say."
,Recommended,212630,5814766,"Posted: 10 August, 2012",all,Munkeywaxx,YES!
76561198040932110,Not Recommended,212630,23246411,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Dandy,"I enjoyed this game when played on xbox 360, as it has a heavy stealth and challenge aspect added to shooting gameplay. However, Ubisoft blows, and the game wont save or connect to any co-op games. Don't buy anything from this company or anything they endorse."
76561198097441852,Recommended,212630,23445274,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Unseelie Knight,"I love the game itself. On the 360, it played great, and felt like a good shooter. The gunsmith system was interesting and new, and the tactical feel of the game was held pretty well. Unfortunately, the PC port isn't great. The game had odd graphical issues as I played (every time something moved on the screen it looked like a line of pixels moved up the screen). I also had an FPS counter in the upper left hand corner of the screen I did NOT want there, and could not figure out how to get rid of. I reccomend the game, but NOT for the PC."
,Recommended,212630,23360611,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Ironslug,"I am a huge Tom Clancy (games) fan, and Ghost Recon Future Soldier did not fail to deliver.Each mission brings a new set of challenges, and each mission allows a variety of play styles whether you prefer a Stealth, Cover Based, or Run-And-Gun approach, the choice is yours. The various challenges added to the different missions will coerce you into adapting in order to try the missions in a different way, thus pulling you out of your comfort zone every now and then, which I find great. It really added to the replay value for me.Finally... I originally completed the Campaign on my XBOX360, but having sold it,  I felt the urge to repurchase the game just to be able to play it again, and again, and again. (I do still play with a 360 Controller)"
,Recommended,212630,23350990,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Nebulizer,"I've played this one on the Xbox 360 for years! It went on sale here on Steam, so I snagged it up. Trust me, this is no simple port from the consoles. It operates just as smoothly and isn't clunky like those horrific ports we've all seen.I recommend this to ANYONE! Tom Clancy fan or not."
76561197989247607,Recommended,212630,1208210,"Posted: 26 June, 2012",all,Furyton,"This FPS is the one to get if you are sick of all the 12 yr olds!! This game takes strategic skill along with twitch skill. All in all it blends the 2 skills so superbly that is is a must for any gamer that wants to truly have the immersion and feel of war. Great Game, it is a must own."
,Not Recommended,212630,23334010,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,dahlskebank,"Co-opSo I bought this game for my friend and I, so that we together could play the campaign using the magic of Ubisoft co-op. But for some weird, unknown and confusing reason, the game crashes immediately when a uPlay-friend starts the game. It crashes LONG before we even reach the possibility of inviting each other to the game. Regardless of what we do, or how we do it. To quote Rita Vrataski: I've tried everything, it doesn't work.For those interested, here is a thread about the problem we faced:http://forums.ubi.com/showthread.php/787680-Ghost-Recon-Future-Soldier-crashes-when-Uplay-friend-starts-game"
,Not Recommended,212630,23239150,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,﴾ ┘ꚛ└ ﴿ -  M107man,CRASHED EVERY 5 ♥♥♥♥ING SECONDS.
76561198023950811,Recommended,212630,23486964,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Daemon,Must have ever
,Recommended,212630,407789,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Razor,Great fun
76561198182228206,Recommended,212630,30773252,Posted: 27 March,all,Raxor120,It`s a good tactical game. This game is have singelplayer multiplayer  and coop in singleplayer .Buy this game!
,Recommended,212630,214895,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,dkg,"While Tom Clancy games have strayed away from their more tactical and unforgivingly difficult roots, Future Soldier is a fun 3rd person shooter, introducing new elements into the series, such as cloaking and the use of drones. The game has a long single-player story mode, as well as solid multiplayer, including co-op wave defense."
,Recommended,212630,4585625,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,stomptrooper,nothing like the original games but it offers a very intresting unique form of gameplay. The sync shot is the most intresting
76561198024347699,Recommended,212630,20938303,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Hylian-Guy,"This was a pretty good military action shooter. It's definitely not the best one out there, then again its hard to say which one is, but still enjoyable from beginning to end. I honestly don't understand why the mixed feelings or bad reviews for this game, but I certainly liked it. As any other military shooter, the story is whatever, but the gameplay and action make up for it.So long story short, if you want an action game that'll keep you busy for a bit, then I'd recommend it."
76561198165723380,Recommended,212630,19968233,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Eliteqwertykeys21,"I have 378.6 hours of this game on PS3. If you haven't bought this game then you yneed to buy it.It is a very tactical shooter and it is not your typical MLG quickscoping, mother fuc#ers kids or so they claim, and the use of UPlay is not that bad it is just like a seprate steam that has sales on games and has games that steam doesn't have. I'd give this game a 9/10 great campagin and even though it is not very high in upclose details is is still very beautiful. If you can't take my word for it the youtuber ""Russianbadger"" has a video called tactical freedom.BUY THIS GAME DON'T QUESTION IT IS A GREAT GAME!(and yes yes I know spelling mistakes are probally in here just deal with it)"
,Recommended,212630,19965546,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Kellmondo,"One of the best single player Ghost Recon games, although the multiplayer is a big let down the story mode is worth it!"
,Not Recommended,212630,20117254,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,ludmacjames,I was a fan of the original Ghost Recon and I wanted to like this game so much. I feel they tried to hard to market to the Call of Duty crowd with this one. Id rather play an on rails shooter. You would get about the same game experience without the hastle of having move your chracter around.....
76561198012071265,Recommended,212630,24933445,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,WoodenDOOM,"Awesome third person shooter. Gun customization isn't as cool as it looks, especially since one has to unlock a lot of add-ons, but it's still handy and kinda cool. Graphics are rather decent actually. Lots of cool military jargon, shows how military units are like a family.Great game."
,Recommended,212630,24682434,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,XLMSY,"fatastic action and shooting feel,worth the lowest 17RMB, but the story is too short"
,Recommended,212630,5944225,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Apel'sin †,Шикарная игра своего времени. (и по сей день)
,Recommended,212630,25434352,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Daggerbane,"Super fun and chalanging, i highly recommend this game for anyone who is looking for a good 3rd person shooter, also has one of the best co-op ive ever played :)"
,Recommended,212630,24624727,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,ZirMc,"After completing single player campaign, I have to say this. The game is repetitive. Every mission is the same, you start with a stealth part (any alarm will fail), then you got a fire free zone (you can try to stealth or just blast your way through it), then you have the ambush. Every single mission is more or less the exact same. In order to unlock all items, you really have to pay attention, as often it requires you to replace with a specific weapon you can only get from a weapon crate. In my opinion. they are not worth getting. They don't seem to add too much to gameplay, and the effort required to unlock them is too great. Basically, the unlocks in this game is like the game it self, all together average and easily neglected.That being said, it seems this game supports drop in / drop out coop, and it is a good game for that. I think if you have good friends to play coop with, this game is decent enough. For the rest of the single player campaign, it is enjoyable enough, however the story is more or less forgettable, and the characters are flat and boring. All in all, it is an enjoyable shooter, but it lands just about where Ubisoft always lands, all together average. The AI is brutal at times. There is no getting out of their sights, once you are detected you will be attacked regardless of line of sight. In fact, at times I feel the AI ignores line of sight all together, however this does not make the game overly difficult. I think this was done as a part of balancing, but at times it feels a bit frustrating.This game is not good, it is average, nothing more, nothing less."
,Recommended,212630,24449702,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,The Mighty Griffin,This game here as an air of originality about it because what other game allows you to use futuristic technology such as light bending camo cloaks and little hand drones plus radar grenades that give away the enemies position and being able to shoot through most covers too giving you the edge in 21st century urban conflict! But that's nothing compared to the 4 legged metal war dog that can fire missiles and mortars! :-D.
76561198277328404,Recommended,212630,27169295,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,DoctorJerry,Play it. It's perfect
,Not Recommended,212630,947301,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,Arcaster,"Do NOT purchase this game! Ubisoft has released a broken port that us absolutely unplayable. From the Forums, my personal experience and the patching issues they have had, approximately 25% of consumers have a broken, unplayable product, and over 50% are experiencing issues that break some part of the game (multiplayer, guerilla mode or campaign mode)."
76561198141124614,Recommended,212630,26577529,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Piotr's child,its alright
,Recommended,212630,19993579,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,LakuPope,"A decent tactical 3rd person shooter. Weird fps issues here and there, but that's Ubisoft for ya."
,Recommended,212630,26308584,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,thiagomata,"One of the best shooting games ever. The good: script, gameplay, guns, accessories, strategy and multiplayer mode. The bad: to play the online game, you must wait a really long time looking to a screen where you can not do nothing and takes forever to join the players. You must keep an account into uplay but Xbox players and steam players cannot play together. Your progress into uplay from another device it is not sync what is really stupid.It is a great game, it runs pretty well in not so new machines and have a great quality in some details like flames, smoke and explosions."
76561198079878539,Not Recommended,212630,18537180,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,lensmanseye,"Boughrt for the co-op mode but have not been able to play due to connection issues.  This is a problem which only seems to affect Ubisoft games (and Uplay ones at that).  If this is the quality of their software, I'll think very hard in the future about buying anything from them again.How difficult is it to create a working network experience?!  I've had no such problems with all the other games from other publishers...."
,Recommended,212630,1941206,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,♐Centaurus✌,One of the best ( If not best one ) Third-Person Shooter that i played...---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Dos Melhores ( Senão o melhor ) Third-Person Shooter que já joguei ..
76561198086666074,Not Recommended,212630,26865871,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,joey,Pretty nice if it wouldn't crash in MP... buy it for a few bucks on sale for the SP. Sad that the devs didn't care about it to fix it. Could have been a great coop
,Recommended,212630,26977827,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,CobaltBlock,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥UP! WITH YOUR BROS!!*Mic Drop*
,Recommended,212630,26888754,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Minibike,Never had an issue with this game. It is extremely smooth with a great story. extrmely fun with friends!!
,Recommended,212630,22264416,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Ludex,you can blow stuff up
,Recommended,212630,28070720,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mayhem,Good Tactic Game with a plural weapons and modifications.
76561197995329246,Recommended,212630,27594924,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Whatever,"A game where you can simply blast everything in your path, and mow down your enemies with hail of bullets. Yet by the end of the day, you will find yourself enjoying it more going stealth, and trust your teammates to cover your back."
,Recommended,212630,33256782,Posted: 4 July,all,FDLYSN,its fun but IDK why i cant play multiplayer
76561197992760821,Not Recommended,212630,33445727,Posted: 10 July,all,Temporary,"Game constantly crashes, no fixes work and ubisoft is about as helpful as a man with no arms and legs trying to help you with your shopping bags :P"
76561198015256028,Recommended,212630,33604228,Posted: 17 July,all,(╯°□°）╯︵ ┻━┻,"I'm having some very inconsistent experiences with this game. My first impression from my initial playthrough I loved it to bits. The visuals are great. The weapons and combat are futuristic and innovative. The weapon choice and customization is simply amazing.I came back to it the second time around, and everything went to shts for some reason. Inputs felt off, commands would not register, and controls would get stuck. All my previous settings and key bindings remain unchanged, but something happened that made the gameplay feel all out of whack. The gun shots don't feel very satisfying for me, and makes me sometimes wonder if I'm contributing at all to the firefight. Combat is sophisticated, but I feel it doesn't ""flow"" smoothly enough to have the kind of coordinated combat experience it could potentially bring to the player. I dunno, maybe it's just me.Overall, fun game, but the controls could perhaps be funky for some of you, enough to make you rage F4 on it thrice like I did."
76561198060924849,Not Recommended,212630,32695157,Posted: 23 June,all,Mr.Deamilian,Multiplayer doesn't work
76561198032691141,Recommended,212630,32662818,Posted: 22 June,all,Crash !!,"had trouble getting co op to work, couldnt get to add other players , I am hoping that uplay got that fixed.  great game though."
76561198140460404,Recommended,212630,30268613,Posted: 1 March,all,AnimeKraze,"It's fun.  But every 30min-60min the game crashes.  Doesn't say why, it just dies...I'm running a up to date high working pc while loading an old♥♥♥♥♥game and still the game crashes.  It's not my pc I've checked, it must be a bug or something.  Other than that its great I love TCGR's games.  But on pc they tend to run not so well."
,Recommended,212630,30173997,Posted: 25 February,all,BuFF,Great game!
76561198239811574,Recommended,212630,31148845,Posted: 14 April,all,Cipher_077,"Very fun and the tactical layer is interesting. The missions are challenging without being overly difficult and the weapon customization is quite intricate.Ubisoft didnt ♥♥♥♥ it up as well, which is quite rare.Overall I'd recommend it"
,Not Recommended,212630,30247228,Posted: 28 February,all,xlxScorpioxlx,"Too short and too simple campaing. Worst multiplayer experience, even the Ghost Recon Ghost dedicated multiplayer offered a better experience than this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,212630,25443804,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Neku,"OK ! will change this review and i recommened for everyone who had some fun with friend for COOP or multiplay ( yes is alive and fun ) so now i'm gonna show you the tips how to coop with friend because alot of thump down on this game for not and don't know how to coop with-FOR COOP : you need to delete ( or maybe but i think you just do it and add it later ) your Friend name in Uplay Friends , after that you go to the Multiplay and check your ingame name , after recieve the invitation from you or your friend you will the them ONLINE ( once again if it said OFFLINE you gonna delete both ingame friend and Uplay friend and do it again until it said ONLINE ) and there we go ! HAVE FUN-FOR Multi : Just check the quick join pick ANY mode and auto findmatch or just create the room and invite your friend joining in ( 4 vs 4  or  8 vs 8 )The last thing i want to tell you that the Ubi server kinda bad so it not too much strange if you guys playing and getting disconnect from the host ( Host also check the internet cable if the host have any issue with internet )That's all"
76561198286686151,Recommended,212630,31228404,Posted: 18 April,all,Kada,"This game is amazing. it has amazing camera angles, graphics, and gameplay. I highly recommend this game to everyone. You wont regret the purchase."
,Recommended,212630,2103976,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Pro90,Tacticool: The Game
76561198016824137,Recommended,212630,3063727,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,AceCODMWBOII,"Awsome, much better than the console vesion"
76561198082706306,Recommended,212630,28096954,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Flashlightshipper X3,"The worst graphics card owner is back,love this game tough with bad graphic card"
76561198258550243,Recommended,212630,31486626,Posted: 1 May,all,Take34back,love this game put it keeps crashing thats sucks
,Recommended,212630,2575849,"Posted: 27 August, 2012",all,Chief,Can't Touch This.
,Recommended,212630,1026668,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Oz,"Resurrected Ghosts:First off... Yes, I know it's not a ""real"" tactical shooter.  That it's not like Warfighter.And because of that I have owned this title for more than half a year before playing it.... and I'm kicking myself for it.  Not like the others... GOOD!Warfighter cheated.  I know it.  You know it.  Nothing ticks me off more than a game where the AI can see through the trees but you can't see jack until the bullet hits you square between the eyes.To keep it short ans sweet.  Future Soldier is engaging, balanced (other than the end of one mission), and most importantly... fun military shooter.Last note:  Gunsmithing.... YES... do that to me some more!  I absolutely loved being able to choose which stocks, optics, barrels, gas systems and everything else!  ('Cause I do the same thing at home.)  I wish Borderlands would take a similar approach."
,Recommended,212630,32678751,Posted: 23 June,all,MilkyBob,"I'm not sure why this game died, probably from being a bad port. But I love it, wish there were people playing the multiplayer."
,Recommended,212630,487025,"Posted: 18 July, 2012",all,Ace,a must have game
,Not Recommended,212630,18515568,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Captain Caleb,"This game is trashly optimized. Horrific. I don't have anything fancy, but I believe I shoould be able to hold atleast 30 FPS on this system. It's nothing graphically stunning either. Story is mediocre at best, and the gameplay is nothing to rave about. Movement feels clunky, but atleast the gunplay is solid. Even for $20 NZ, I would not reccomend this game, spend it on something else, like Rainbow Six Siege, or buy a friend CS:GO or something. Just don't buy this game unless it's really cheap."
76561198023860463,Recommended,212630,14510925,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Mother,Good GR. But it was shadowed but a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ korean free GR at the time.
