user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198038023854,Recommended,212680,29840497,Posted: 10 February,all,Anderhail,"Loved this game, got all the ships and most of the achievements, but after beating it on highest difficulty in Advanced mode, can't bring myself to replay it for one reason alone: I will never get a win against the boss like that again. All but one crew member had died, my ship was boarded by the enemy, my last crew member was mind controlled, every room had a breach, oxygen was gone, and all remaining power was diverted to the single weapon firing on automatic that was being destroyed by my last, dying crewmember, which would also be enough to finish my ship off. Just before it broke, my crew member came back under my control, long enough to allow the weapon to fire one last time. My missle hit half a second before the rebel flagship salvo slammed into my ship. It was enough. My ship and the rebel flag both exploded simultaneously as the credits of victory started up. I can't top that. Ever."
,Recommended,212680,32258809,Posted: 7 June,all,General_Lee_Speaking,"Very hard, and then they added a hard mode.10/10 can't even beat it on normal."
,Recommended,212680,15813305,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Drury,"0 hours in - let's try this1 minute in - god help I have no idea what I'm doing1 hour in - how did I die 50 times already2 hours in - I think I'm getting a hang of this10 hours in - god help I have no idea what I'm doing20 hours in - is there a god?30 hours in, flagship defeated - there is now33 hours in - now, for normal difficulty..."
,Recommended,212680,9448875,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,geebs,"kind of like you're in Firefly, except you get cancelled after 3 hours instead of 16 episodes"
,Recommended,212680,14076257,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Element 38,"This will probably be your first expierence playing the gameFirst Sector:Alright, this game seems pretty cool.Second Sector:You know what? I'm think I'm doing sort of well.Third Sector:Cool, that sector was pretty easy.Fourth Sector:Got myself some pretty nice upgrades and systems.Fifth Sector:OH GOD THE SHIP IS ON FIRE AND WE'VE LOST ALL THE OXYGEN AND THE HULL IS BREACHED AND WE'RE OUT OF FUEL AND PIRATES ARE ON BOARD AND THERE'S GIANT SPACE SPIDERS EATING MY FACE OH GOD.Sixth Sector:*silence*"
,Recommended,212680,12781556,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Only1Left,Before you buy this game you have to ask yourself a few questions.Do I like dying?Do I like dying in space?Do I like dying in space with the knowledge that I let down an entire race of people?Do I like doing any of the above violently and explosively?Do I like lasers and giant space spiders?If you answered yes to any of the above please seek treatment immediately.Also I gave the game a 10/10 would go to therapy again
76561198107577521,Recommended,212680,16070387,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,RealHumanDog,"I...I... had to turn off my oxygen supply to kill a boarding party while I simultaneously battled their ship. After a close and desperate fight, my last missile punctured their Hull. I was VICTORIOUS!What a rush! Now, lets warp outta here!... my crew all died. Forgot to turn the oxygen back on."
76561198111172588,Recommended,212680,16144108,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,G is for Gaston,How to enjoy FTL properly:1. Buy game for one or two dollars.2. Try game and be confused.3. Don't play game for a couple of months.4. Realize that this game can run on your crappy school laptop.5. Play game out of boredom.6. Realize FTL is actaully great game.7. Fail all classes because you're too busy playing FTL11/10 would fail classes again
,Recommended,212680,15151694,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,Jolboks,"Being an avid Civilization fan, a friend of mine recommended this...game.I started off on a week night about 8pm. I had to work the next day, but found myself playing this....game....until 4am.After spending >100 hours (it’s sad, I admit) on this game, you start realising little things:If you destroy a system, its ‘hit points’ is at zero. But if you cause a hull breach, you can effectively make a system’s hit points go below zero (since you have to repair breaches before you can repair a system). Therefore, destroying a system and then nuking it with heavy lasers (killing the crew trying to repair it, and causing hull breaches) is still effective!You become a lot better the more you play. Now, I win about 1/4 games on normal. In the beginning, I played about 30 times before winning a game.Long story short – FTL is a work of art. It deserves a spot in the Louvre. It is an amazing rogue like game with some excellent programming. I haven’t found one bug, nor has the game ever crashed.These programmers deserve an Nobel prize for this game. Well done."
,Recommended,212680,18232293,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Verdantil,"Tags: Tactical - Space Crew SimFTL plays like a top down game - You control the ship through a map by jumping from point to point. Each point triggers an event, combat events involve managing the crew to man the battlestations - do spot repairs - quell fires - and whatnot. Many tactics are available, and with the release of the additional content of the advanced edition there is plenty of playstyles to explore, add to that the unlockable ships and you got quite a nice experience. The game is stable, the music is effective and it really has a memorable gameplay. Permadeath will make each decision much more critical. There is a bit of a learning curve at first but once you grasp the basics - which is not too hard at all - its very very fun. Worth the full asking price any day."
,Recommended,212680,14429894,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Iceo,"FTL: Faster Than Lightwas my summer in Paris, if Paris was actually Somalia and summer was hot enough to melt my face off. And you want to know something about my trip? I loved every second of it.FTL is a sci-fi lover's (like myself) dream. Filled with references here and homages there, it never slows down, the action is always frantic yet methodical, and it's an absolute delight.FTL is a Real-Time Strategy game (with a turn-based element). You control a ship and its crew from an over-head, side on perspective. There is no movement of ship to control beyond jumping from beacon to beacon.When it comes time to fight your first ship (probably in the tutorial, seriously, do the tutorial), you can pause time by pressing the space-bar, to assess your options and your tactics, in a similar way to that of games likeDragon Age: OriginsorThe Bureau: XCOM Declassified.You must make sure at all times that your crew are alive and your hull (your health meter) isn't about to reach zero, or it's game-over. This is easier said than done, because the amount of micro-management is ENDLESS, to the point where it is all micro-management and there isn't any priority management, per say. You need to make sure you have enough power to all systems, no intruders are going to come on board, that you are doing damage to their ship, and if not, charging your FTL jump (your ""I NEED TO GET THE HELL OUT OF HERE!"" button), among countless other things.This game isBRUTAL.There are 3 difficulties (if you use the Advanced Edition, a major free DLC added to the game in 2014, you can still use the Vanilla version that was the original release): Easy, Normal, and Hard. The only real difference between them is how long you can hold out before being smashed. You need to get through 8 sectors and 1 final boss to complete a run (and subsequently, the game). The final boss is so hard, that even nearly 70 hours into the game (at the time of this review), I STILL haven't beaten it... even on easy.And yet, despite this massive, massively overwhelming difficulty, I wouldn't have this game any other way. Because without it, this game would have FAR less replay ability. But with it, each new run feels completely different. New tactics you might need to try, new ship purchases in hope of finding that Magnum Opus that is your favourite weapon, new dialogues, everything. Without this difficulty, all that wouldn't matter, because after beating it, you would feel less compelled to try differently, and get bored a lot quicker, something I am only realizing after so many hours.Everything this game does should be a set example for games in future years. It gets everything right, the customization, the balance of every factor, excitement. Even it's techno music (I just hurt the souls of many electronic music fans), something I don't particularly enjoy, is absolutely fantastic in this game. To put all this into perspective, I got my Dad to play this game, and even he has since clocked 30+ hours of his own time in the game.So with my melted face from my time in the Somalian weather, I must insist everyone who considers themselves an open (to all games) gamer, to play this game. It helps new players find their feet, then punches them down when they have the hang of it. It screams in the face of master strategists and sends them cowering. It is one of the most soul-destroying, exciting, charming, addictive, challenging, fun games out there.It's the best Strategy game I have ever played.PROS:+Good tutorial+Fun, Challenging+Good Interface, Music.+TONS of replay abilityCONS:-Your face may melt offI'm givingFTL: Faster Than Light9 out of 10."
,Recommended,212680,13100624,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Jonnyboy1738,Took me countless tries to get to the last sector and then finally one day I get there. After barley winning one of the most difficult fights I had ever fought in my ship was destroyed by a asteroid.Cried myself to sleep12/10
76561198097979391,Recommended,212680,23544493,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Playerjjjj,"Everyone burned to death. Then everyone suffocated to death. Then, a few runs later, everyone was burned, suffocated, and blasted to death.Giant spiders ate my crew, strange monoliths evaporated them, and asteroids turned them into fine, dehydrated powders drifting through the void.Then I started getting better. I stayed away from the spiders, I vented the oxygen out of burning rooms, rather than sending a single hapless insectoid to fight the flames. And then, one glorious day, after so much blood, sweat, and tears, I destroyed the rebel flagship and won the game.That was 40 hours in. There was still much to be done. This was before Advanced Edition came out, of course, so the unlock quests were the only ways to unlock all of the ships. And how long did it take me to obtain the Crystal Cruiser? 100 more hours.That brings us to the present day, when I'm 450 hours in, and still banging out a game every week or two. And so, if you're still on the fence about buying FTL: Faster Than Light, ask yourself this: do you want a game that you'll play once and never touch again, or do you want a game that still has tons of replay-value after a frankly embarassing amount of time?"
,Recommended,212680,12864498,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vel,"Captains log: Stardate 46154.2It has been an interesting few weeks. Between the constant raids on my ship, Ion Storms and Solar flares, the crew now has the projected service lifetime of 3 days. If it wasn't for the clone machine I myself would have been gone a long time ago. On our journey back to the Federation base, I can't help but wonder if I've done this before... Sometimes when on the bridge I swear I have experienced the events unfolding before - An untrustworthy slug merchant, an infestation of alien spiders on a nearby station. Nevertheless, even with this uneasy feelings we press on towards the next sector, hoping that it won't be another god-damn Mantis homeworld.Picard version twenty-three signing off."
,Recommended,212680,12652683,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Pure Cardiac Arrest,"The only game where beating it on ""Normal"" should be given respect.Also I swear to Umbasa if I fight more space spiders..."
,Recommended,212680,9840107,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,T4cOS³,"Playing FTL is like going rock-climbing. You need to choose a path to get to the top. But halfway there your legs explode and the rocks turn into spikes, and your only hope left for getting  to the top is to grow wings.Giant Space Spiders/10"
,Recommended,212680,10390794,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Miyumi Ayase,"TL;DR? See ConclusionINTRODUCTION:Faster than Light is a 'Space Rogue-Like' game that came into being by virtue of a Kickstarter project by Indie Developer Subset Games. It promises a starship captain experience where the player can manage both crew and ship in relative detail.PLOT (No Spoilers):The player takes the role of a Starship Captain with vital information that will help turn the tide of war in the on going conflict between the Rebels and the Federation. The player is allowed to select and manage a variety of ships, each having their own set of crew and abilities which can expand as you progress. Once again, upgrade your ship, expand your crew and try to stay alive till the very end.PROS:+Gameplay over Graphics:- The game sports simple pixel art graphics that invokes a retro feel, and, in my opinion, suits it very well. The gameplay is what makes this game shine however and as stated in the INTRODUCTION, this game attempts to simulate a Starship captain by letting the player assign crew to man the ships internal systems, order power to be diverted to different parts of the ship, focus fire on an enemy ship's weapon systems and many many more.+Stratigically Brutal:- Easy, Normal or Hard, all extremley unforgiving. This is a game where you need to bite down hard and take the consequences of your actions and choices like an adult, much like all 'Rogue-Like' games. You die, then you start all-over again. Learning from your mistake is part of the game's charm.+Wide Variety of Stuff:- Good varriety of ships, weapons, and crew all of which unlocks as you progress. The unlocking system was set up to ensure that every new game will be different and provide unique experiences.+Soundtrack:- Great soundtrack from a small indie game. Bigger game developers should learn that not every game needs orchestral pieces to make a game's music pleasing.CONS:-No ship customization:- Aside from purchasing weapon system and ship components, you won't be able to customize the ship's looks or the layout since said layout is on a preset. I would have liked to construct my own ship.-One Game Mode:- The only available game mode is the default escape scenario. It would be nice if they would add new campaigns or scenarios like, escort mission, defense campaign etc. It would definitely spice things up. A much more expansive map would also be welcome.-Crew Interaction:- Being able to talk and may be train your crew outside combat (specially if you find an empty system) would be a welcome addition. More interaction is needed like basic dialogues between the people on your ship to give it more life. It would be a statisfying feeling if you have resolved a conflict between two crew members.CONCLUSION:GREAT GAMEfor a great price. It's definitely not for everyone, specially people who has no patience for Rogue-Like games.This games requires 25% skill, 25% planning and 50% luck. Everytime you start a new campaign it would be a different experience from the last. The game allows most sci-fi fans to totally immerse themselves in the shoes of a Starship captain much like the heroes from the great Space Travel franchises such as Star Trek, Firefly, Babylon 5 & Battlestar Galactica.---------------------------------------------------------Like my Reviews? Follow my Curator's Page:Miyumi's Review Corner (MIRECO)"
76561198001192150,Recommended,212680,7804304,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,rpvarela,"FTL is a unique rogue-like title: It features all the common elements of the genre such as randomly-generated events that may help or harm you, permadeath and high difficulty. What makes this one special though, is that instead of controlling a single character, you control the crew of your ship.This game puts you in control of almost everything: You order your crew to specific rooms, be it to provide your ship with a bonus, repair a broken system, patch a hull breach, fight enemy boarders or put out fires.Meanwhile you as the player has to make smart decisions which involves opening or closing airlocks to ""kill"" fires or suffocate enemy invaders, managing your reactor's power to decide what do you want operating at full, partial or no capacity at this particular moment, and figuring out which enemy system you want to try and take out with your ship's weapons.Almost everything in this game is randomly generated with very few exceptions such as your ship's starting equipment.This game also features achievements (general and ship-specific) and unlockable ships: You can have 9 different ships, each with 2 different layouts for a total of 18. They are really different in playstyle and can make your game way easier or way harder depending on your choices. This can provide you with some replayability, if you are into ""collecting"". Some ships can be really hard to find, however.The difficulty may discourage some people from playing it, but that's a fact with nearly every rogue-like. The way I see it, this is how it goes: When you start a run, there's a chance you will fail and that chance will never go away. What you can do about is use what you can find and devise good strategies to make that chance of failure as minimal as possible.The graphics and soundtrack are not ""high-tech"" but are very artistic instead. If you are a fan of pixel art and chiptune music (which you can also buy as DLC). This game delivers an incredible experience in that aspect. Not everyone likes those though, so I recommend you watch the teaser to get a feel of it if you haven't already.Finally, if there's anything bad I can say about this game is that the random encounters/events are kinda limited and you'll soon figure out the best course of action for most of them. They could use slightly more variety. A very minor complaint, in my opinion.So, if you are after a game that will provide you with a unique ""star-trek-ish"" crew/ship managing experience based on randomly generated elements, then FTL is well-worth the price for you!"
,Recommended,212680,29560532,Posted: 29 January,all,Spliffi,"Overall Score: 8.7 / 10Quality9.7/10High quality indie gamePerformance10/10Should even run perfectly on a potato (or an apple)Utility10/10Steam cloud save; Linux & Mac supportControls9/10Great, precise controls, but keyboard + mouse onlyGameplay8.5/10A very strategic roguelike set in spaceChallenge9/10Customizable difficulty; Requires strategic competenceContent9/10High replay value; Many unlockable ships & advanced modeDiversity8/10Many different weapons & enemies; Repetitive rescue eventsImmersion8/10Enchanting OST, no loading screens, but story lacks depthDesign7.8/10Simple design, but well polished overallVisuals8/10Minimalistic, retro inspired hi-bit pixel art visualsSound9/10Great chiptune-esque OST & nice SFX; No voice-overs at allTexts7/10Well written, but a rather small variety of text-based eventsMapping7/10TBS maps with randomized galaxies, sectors & eventsInterface8/10A bit oversized, but comfortable HUD in matching retro styleAdditional Notes:If you find it too hard, try to beat easy mode first and don't activate ""advanced content"" yet!Tested with:1920x1080; Windows 10 Home, 64-BitAMD FX-8350, 8 x 4.03 GHzNvidia GTX 970 (3.5-4GB)16GB DDR3 RAM; Samsung SSDSettings: N/AIf you liked this review check out myarchiveorcurator pageand see how other games scored!"
,Recommended,212680,17137895,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,A guy named Kim who isnt Korean,"The only thing in this game that's ""faster than light"" is how quickly everything goes to hell when the RNG gods decide they hate you."
,Recommended,212680,30127505,Posted: 23 February,all,Petralicious,"Here we are, the three humans that took care of the good ol' Kestrel since the very beginning, the three Zoltans they rescued from slave traders, a rockman person saved from kidnappers and the mantis they picked up from a crash site. No turning back, everyone knows what must be done. Take down that Flagship at any cost.Spirits are low on the ship, as our weapons are really underwhelming. Just a burst laser, a better burst laser and a rocket launcher that was on the ship since... nobody knows when. The speedy detour we took around the Flagship's path to the base yeilded nothing useful but the last pieces of scrap which we put into our cloning bay, as we had nothing else to spend it on.Here it comes, with it's four giant guns pointed at us, it's powerful shields up, it's huge crew taking positions, the boarding party already teleporting, their cloak at the ready and their hacking drone already latched onto our sensors system. I fire off the mind control and all hell breaks loose.Volleys of every kind of projectile you can imagine fly towards us constantly, barrage after barrage. Soldiers pop up everywhere, blasting our reinforced doors and sabotaging our systems.I have full faith in my pilot, and he has full faith in the engine crew.I ask for an estimate dodge chance.55%, he says, with a fearless look that gave me the courage to go on under all this crushing pressure.Volley after volley, good ol' Kestrel did maneuvers I thought were impossible, dodging most of the missiles, lasers, beams and ion blasts as our weak weapons barely got through their shields.Every volley was a heart attack. Especially that missile launcher. The missiles that hit punched holes in our hull, draining it of oxygen, set the rooms ablaze and made the whole structure seem like it would collapse and shatter into hundreds of pieces at any second.My crew valiantly fought all the fires and fixed every piece of electronics, as best as they could. My mind control caused chaos on the Flagship, and I could see it through the sensors when the hacking drone had to cool down, but even then, that ship was terrifyingly powerful. It was really disheartening to see the damage repaired while the hacking drone made mind control impossible as designating targets was not possible without our sensors, and the enemy ship cloaked.Yet we kept fighting. Bit by bit, we tore piece by piece off of it. Punched every little hole, one by one. Every last enemy soldier boarding our ship was suffocated mercilessly, and survivors that came crawling in were kicked while they were down.A final missile dislodged a huge chunk of it, and it looked like it was done.We could not be more wrong.The ship was just damaged, and it managed to emergency FTL jump away. I cursed everything. I had serious thoughts of jumping out of the airlock to end all this unbearable suffering. But then my pilot called me up on the comms.""So, let's finish this, eh? That hunk'o'junk hasn't seen all we got to offer yet!""Fifty five percent dodge chance. Five lasers and a missile.Fifty five percent.We can do this. I hope.We quickly pulled back to patch up the few holes we had left and to let the oxygen generator refill our ship, almost starved from the vital gas by all the breaches, and got ready for round two.The first round was just the tip of the iceberg, and true hell had only begun.Even with a huge chunk missing, and with it one of it's signature cannons, it was not any weaker. In fact, it only became tougher after reinforcements beamed into it and it deployed it's drone system.Drones swarmed us, shooting up the shields, breaching our hull and running around destroying everything. These drones were tough. They would literally punch a hole in one of our outer walls, enter a room and begin trashing it. No oxygen. Even our toughest crewmembers needed to team up on one to stand the slighest chance of taking them down. It would be all quickly over if not for the cloning bay. But what truly amazed me, was their resolve.These were people that died up to a dozen times within just a few minutes.They would throw themselves at the terrifying robots, just holding their breath, and take them down with their own corpses if necessary. I could not have asked for a more valiant crew, nor I deserved to.But as the bloody territory war was fought inside our ship, a war of attrition with no clear winner was happening on the outside. Their defense drones would render our lowly missile launcher useless, and our lasers needed a perfect volley to simply scratch their hull.Meanwhile, the barrages went on.Fifty five percent dodge. My pilot is doing his job. Maybe he's scared. I'm sure we all are. But he doesn't show it. Oftentimes I feel he is holding the ship and all us together, preventing us from snapping and giving up. But there is no time to delve into these things when the mind control is recharged and awaits it's target.We keep on going, our ship, good ol' Kestrel, starting to give in to all the stray shots and holes the breaching drones are making. My screen light up with warnings. It is hard to breathe, really hard. We can barely keep ourselves supplied.The Flagship is not giving in. All we've done is superficial damage.An explosion and a warning brings grim news. Our oxygen generator room is breached, and the drone is already breaking down the door to the backup battery. Two good men, or, rather, a man and a woman's sacrifice drops the scary robot.Close to passing out from the lack of oxygen, I give order to repair the generator.""Just hold your breath... alright?""The ship is in utter chaos. Everyone is leaving their pot and doing side jobs and emergency maintenance more than their real jobs. After the two newly-appointed engineers collapse on the floor, the oxygen is fixed, and we can all breathe again... sort of. Though there are more breaches to fix, and more drones coming in.I start having my doubts, and angrily fire our surplus missiles at their defense drone fruitlessly, just out of rage.But then it happens.A lucky laser hit a sensitive control board. Or a munitions box. Or... who cares. Their engine room was set ablaze, and I seized the chance to mind control the operator. With the improved abilities the mind control gave them, they fended off their allies until the fire was so big it was out of control. Their engines were down. They could not dodge. This was the miracle we needed.All of our lasers focused their shields system. Four shield layers, five shots. It was easy with a stationary target. After a few volleys their shield went down. With a nice fire to go with it. A final mind control took the lives of every last operator in the ship, besides the weapons specialists in their sealed main cannon chambers. The Flagship was ablaze, and their drone control system soon went down. With no defense drones or engines, even our humble weapons made quick work of it.But it had one last trick up it's sleeve. A last bail-out FTL jump. We healed the heavily wounded and took positions. We are ready.It comes back. It looks... not very threatening. It's main cannons motly disabled, no crew to repair the damages... The fire was put out, but... my mind control didn't go through. Something was up with their shields. Even our missiles collided with them.I give the order and our weapons keep firing at them. And then it happens. A power surge warning.A power surge? But, their drone system is destroyed beyond repair, and their main cannons are barely functional, what could it be, I asked myself.As if answering my question, the biggest laser volley I've ever seen lit up the emptiness of space. I could not even count how many there were. Too many. But, somehow, our pilot dodges most of them. Leaving the shields to do their jobs.After it's shields went down, the Flagship's fate was sealed.We all cheered, victorious.I will always admire you, Will.55% dodge/10"
,Recommended,212680,12600743,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,NglennH,"Mantis board ship. Eat crew.Hull breach, crew suffocate.Fire on deck. Crew burn to death.Ship explodes. Crew dies.Slavers attack ship. sell crew as slaves.Out of fuel. Crew wait patiently to die.10/10. would kill crew again."
76561197968945836,Recommended,212680,8256962,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,bird2jet,"This is one of my favorite games on Steam. It's incredibly relaxing and intense at the same time. The highs are lofty and the lows, crushing. With a phenomal soundtrack this is a very fun game, and I don't even really care for most strategy games. Buy immediately."
,Recommended,212680,9790059,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,lolik,"Why be socially inept, when you can be socially inept, in space?"
,Recommended,212680,2380753,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,"apparently going around in space with rock people and robots isnt cool, so beings of pure light/energy ignored my distress call and then a bunch of bugs boarded me, ♥♥♥♥ed my wife,♥♥♥♥♥♥in the engines and left me for dead. but this story isn't about that... it's about my revenge."
,Recommended,212680,8133104,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lip Service,"Real game story:""Oh god it's the mantis people OH NO THEY'VE BOARDED MY SHIP okay okay, open the airlock, drain the oxygen from their rooms! No! Shields are down! Reroute engine power to weapons! No!! A missile breached the radar room, I can't see the other ship's rooms, OH GOD THERE'S A FIRE ON THE BRIDGE, SOMEBODY PUT IT OU--"" and then my ship explodes because I'm in an asteroid field and shields and engines were down for too long.This game makes you wish we never explore outer space for all the right reasons."
,Recommended,212680,12999981,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Killedinadream,FTL is an excellent example of how difficulty can be fun. I won't say that FTL is for everyone. It can be mind-numbingly difficult at times. It's the kind of game where you will play it for 20+ hours before your first win. On easy. The complexity and counterplay between making a decision during a battle and making a decision on what to buy or which beacon to explore leaves you with a rich gaming experience as each of these decisions can impact your attempt overall. Surprising depth in an amazingly simple package.
,Recommended,212680,7456166,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Zero,This has to be in any gamer's list. This is what gaming and especially PC GAMING is  all about.Awesome game mechanics/structure.Awesome atmosphere.Awesome spaceship management.Awesome soundtrack.Awesome random events.MUST BUY.
,Recommended,212680,18984661,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,DarkHoodness,"FTL: Stealing Your SoulMy playtime says everything (over 3 years). Are you the multitasking type? Play it while you eat dinner or watch TV. Got a craptop with Intel HD graphics? Take it with you to work. :)Find the Captain's Edition mod by Sleeper Service on FTL's forums. It gives the game hundreds of more ways to kill yo- Uh, I mean it expands the game even further! Hmyes."
,Recommended,212680,28579913,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,SLiNKY_,Each game generates a new Star Trek episode.
,Recommended,212680,2134057,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,KaioShin,Best indie game of 2012. The only one I still come back to regularily.Lot's of replayability and a great concept. There is also mod support and a free content update is in the works.It also nicely manages that difficult balance for Roguelikes and gives you the feeling that deaths aren't completely random but can be avoided with skill and strategy.Well unless you run into a super nova as your third sector ;)
76561198263313174,Recommended,212680,32011443,Posted: 27 May,all,Asco,"20th try on easy mode, still haven't beaten it. 9/10"
76561198121304826,Recommended,212680,20044965,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Bluelazer,"Hour 1: Hmm, this doesn't look too hardHour 2: Giant Space Spiders? What’s the worse that could happen?Hour 2 part 2: Oh, quite a bit actually.Hour 4: Ohhh so that’s how you put out fires...Hour 5: Ok I think I’m understanding the game now.Hour 37: After 100's of failed attempts I finally got to the boss*Realizes that there are 3 phases to the boss fight**dies*Hour 58: FINALLY BEAT THE BOSS. Now time for normal difficulty.FTL is a fantastic game of strategy and risk, you will always be saying, eh just one more round at 8pm, then before you know it its 5:30am the next day. There is a large amount of content and hundreds of different combinations of events ensuring no game is the same as the one you previously played.Pros-Fairly simple to learn-Different scenarios for different gameplay each time-Different playing strategies-GREAT SOUNDTRACKCons-Death... So much death... (not necessarily a bad thing)-May get repetative for some people11/10 would get face eaten by giant space spiders again.Nominate for the 5 more minutes reward!"
,Recommended,212680,12369808,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,"Fred ""FREEDY"" Kelly007","A space ship sim.Pros. Cool mods, heaps of replayablity, awesome soundtrack,  hard as hell, all that and more for only $10.Cons. Hard as hell.10/10 would die again."
,Recommended,212680,32874764,Posted: 27 June,all,Demonic_Mini_Bagels,Stressful multitasking simulator in space
,Recommended,212680,11801526,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Hammerhead,"It took me 90 hours to finally complete this game.90 Hours, for a game that cost 2 Dollars and 50 cents.If that isn't value for money, I don't know what is.Let's see what I can do in the next 90."
,Recommended,212680,13882451,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,General James Longstreet,You will die.
,Recommended,212680,17188355,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Lie4Liars,I still haven't beaten this game on normal difficulty. I have never loved sucking at a game this much.
,Recommended,212680,10068403,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Kaz_Live,"You're in an Asteroid field where the enemy has disabled your shields with a drone, your weapons have been damaged, the o2 levels are dropping rapidly and their crew has boarded your vessel. Oh look, here comes another rock!Welcome to FML, easy difficulty"
,Recommended,212680,23857091,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,CAPT Japan,*Distress beacon**Goes to distress beacon**Sees a small research that has uncontrollable fire problem**Almost losses crew after helping them**They give me a reward after helping them**It was fire suppression device*11/10Would face palm through my face again
,Recommended,212680,23691363,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,mudpie,I am 34 years old and have been playing computer games for at least 24 of these.This is probably my all time favorite game. Need I say more?
76561198101030886,Recommended,212680,32684134,Posted: 23 June,all,ooglepants,"so, I bought this on a whim and with the overwhelming reviews.This game is hard a F$ck and I love it.  2 dimensional playing but the depth of strategy and luck is amazing and I lose myself playing this game. I have 20+ games in my library but this is my go-to.this game has created a burning, consuming addiction.  But in a completely wholesome way, mind you.It is worth getting as it doesn't hand you things, has depth and strategy, and you can spend hours and die before you get to the end or find out you get to the last zone too quick and are totally F*cked and won't be able to beat the end.  It's a cheap game that is well worth 5-10x the price.the reviews are dead-on."
76561198025892463,Recommended,212680,12456548,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Cocky Little Freak,A game that can prove to anyone that graphics aren't necessary for a completely engaging experience. Near limitless replayability for 10 bucks.
,Recommended,212680,12965709,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,twilitEquinox,"I've heard a lot about this game, and finally decided to see what the hype was about.I was greeted with an intense micro-management rogue-like, that keeps me wondering if my ship is going to catch on fire, or if the next beacon is going to give me some new super ray gun.All in all, the replayability is high, the soundtrack is great, and I can see myself playing this way into the future."
76561198068252252,Recommended,212680,34185644,Posted: 12 August,all,Cyan Nautica,Giant alien spiders are no joke.
,Recommended,212680,23202211,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,F😈CK HOPE,"""do you think FTL is a good game?""TLDR: I think it's a fantastic game, FTL is a gold standard.But since you asked, I'll say why:The gameplay is great. You really want to start on Easy, and use the pause button very frequently. It's really a turn based game don't try to play it in real time. Then just try stuff, explore solar systems, and have a great time. Normal mode is hard enough that lots of people never beat it, and then they added a hard more that really is tough.The graphics are very simple but also very clean and clear. There is a lot more variation visually than you might think, but you will always know exactly what is happening at a glance. The music is really, really great. You don't need to be a fan of any specific type of music to appreciate how well the tone is constantly transmitted to you. Personally I wind up turning the music off in any game I play after a while, because you have heard it sooo many times, but with FTL I turn it back on, sometimes.There is lots of content to see. The different types of ships can change the tactical combat hugely, all kinds of things will have effects on the interactions you will have. Some people get frustrated because they have a hard time beating the final boss of the game, but the truth is that exploring the galaxy in various ways and encountering various things, the basic gameplay itself, is the point. The first time I got to the boss it was an accident and I was disappointed because I didn't get to finish the delivery quest I was working on.I have over 100 hours logged into Steam, and this game has gotten me through at least one long internet-free vacation on top of that. Most of that was before they added a huge, free expansion pack, too. If tactical turn based rougue like lite whatever space exploration sounds fun to you, at all, you will get some time out of this.The cherry on top of the FTL sundae is the price, it's been in a few bundles and goes 70-85% off pretty frequently. It's worth it at any price, really."
76561198021308103,Recommended,212680,22546735,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Kevlar Axis,"Second playthrough:I encounter a pirate taking advantage of some poor defenseless civilians on some world...I decide to be the hero.I eradicate the pirate scum, however during the battle my medbay catches on fire!I send ensign Willow and Dolan into the fray to put out the fires.The battle is intense, yet seems manageable at first. Then, the fire catches on in the door control room, so I send the pilot, Hector, to assist.Both Willow and Dolan begin suffering from smoke inhalation and 3rd degree burns, so I tell them to get the hell out of there! Hector is also beginning to lost the fight with the flames, so I have him run back into the cockpit.As I try to figure out, wtf do I do now?... the fire catches on in the sensor room. In a short time I can no longer see any room on the ship other than those occupied by the horrified crew. It seems as if the end is here, after only 2 missions, when Hector gets the bright idea ""Hey, what if we turn off the oxygen systems!"" (You see, the rooms were not adjacent to the airlock, and even if they were, the door control room was destroyed so there was no possibility to remotely access them anyway.)Such a brilliant idea! It put out the fires! Then hector goes in to repair the medbay, with only 6 hp, and because, idk, maybe the fire accelerated the rate at which the oxygen was drained from that room, he suffocates and dies. But at least his dying words informed the rest of the crew that the plan indeed worked. Hector died a hero.Knowing the risks at this point, Willow waited until the O2 systems restored life support throughout the ship before going in to repair the medbay. After Willow and Dolan rocevered from their wounds, they finished repairing the rest of the ship.Now it is time to hold an honorable funeral for Hector."
,Recommended,212680,28452141,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Grant,Couldn't even win by cheating.
76561197963144015,Recommended,212680,13507707,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Rancho111,Most fun I've had losing at a game.
76561198002306207,Recommended,212680,24966759,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Uehen,"i... i cannot play it any morei have played ittoo much609 hoursMaybe it was also that i was playing on hard all the timeand you would be doing greatand then mantis boarding shipand they have four different kinds of missilesand they have anti hullyou are always scraping byyou never feel good about anything.everything is on a shoe stringYou almost never find weapons on hard mode. Even finding a store that will sell you any weapon is rare. Gone are the days when you could find the weapons for your ideal build. You are left holding off fire on some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ little laser while your ion shot recharges. Hoping that nothing misses, nothing misses, because it cannot, or your shields will not hold for the next volley...game ptsd10/10"
76561198021361243,Recommended,212680,34468741,Posted: 24 August,all,Zirgantz,"Okay, let's get the obvious stuff out of the way. Faster Than Light has been released almost five years ago now and has received extensive praise over the years, rightly so. It's a neat little game about leading a spaceship through the vast, not-so-empty emptiness of space to overthrow an evil federation while passing through dark and distant places, recruiting aliens, upgrading your ship, and so on. You probably know what it's about by now, whether because you got curious and watched bits of gameplay on YouTube, or because an enthusiastic friend told you about it in insufferable lengths, or just because half your friends list owns it already and you wondered what the fuss is all about. It's been five years now, and I think it's time to ask ourselves not if FTL is a good game (that much has already proven), but if it is a great one.Did it stand the test of time ? Does one still feels like coming back to it from time to time ? Has it aged well ?Short answer : dear Zeus, yes sir/madam/individual of mysterious or indistinct gender, yes it did. Sure, the time where I would binge on it and play one playthrough after the next quicker than I run through a pack of cigarettes is long past, and yet. Sure, I know every possible outcome of every possible random encounter by heart, and how to upgrade various ships to maximize my chances of winning the game, and yet. Sure, I could sing along every single tune of the wonderous, enchanting OST (by Ben Prunty), and yet.Alexis Kennedy, creator of Fallen London, Sunless Sea and yet-to-come Cultist Simulator, said somewhere that what makes a game great is when developers clearly define its scale and ambitions and then work inside those limits to the point of perfection where everything runs like swiss-made clockwork. I think FTL fits into that definition perfectly.The writing certainly is neat, and yet doesn't try to bury you under text walls. It is just enough to put things into context, it gives you just enough background for you to sink your teeth in and bite into the delightful illusion that you are indeed going up against the evil federation to liberate the galaxy from tyranny, rather than just beat piles and piles and numbers until ""YOU WIN"" appears on your screen. And, on the other hand, it isn't a compulsory read. You can perfectly well blitz through it and plan for the success of your run like the veteran general of a thousand wargames that you are. The writing isn't invasive.The pixel art is unambitious and very well-made for that very reason. I won't dwell too long on this since it could be said about just every pixel art game ever made. A reduced scope can focus the work of the devs into something they reasonably have the time and means to perfect, and FTL's pixel art (and the minimalistic music, and the repetitive-yet-incredibly-replayable-and-addictive gameplay) is proof of that.The music. Ah, the music. Do try to listen to the OST without playing the game sometime, preferably on a lonely, soul-searching night. It is enchanting, yet discrete. There again, nothing invasive, nothing that ostensibly tries to make you pay attention to it while you play the game, and yet these quiet space lullabies paint a perfect picture and soothe the soul like nothing else. There is a harmony between the pixel graphic art and the 8-bit music that works so well one barely notices it at first, and yet it contributes immensely to making playing FTL such a pleasurable experience.Anyway : FTL has aged extremely well. Playing it in 2017 is like uncorking one of those dusty french wine bottles your grandfather is hiding somewhere in his house where he thinks you definitely won't find them. If I were to one day fulfil my lifelong ambition of transcending the bounds of my human existence, achieve immortality and become a god, I feel this is one of the games I would still enjoy coming back to from time to time after a thousand years."
76561198061113646,Recommended,212680,33144338,Posted: 2 July,all,YourBestFriendPepe,"Fantastic soundtrack and amazing fun gameplay.Unlocking new ships feels amazing and the universe is captivating.Once you start improving and start almost beating the game and then finally doing it, you get an amazing feeling of progression.The content added as you play only adds to this and makes this a fantastic game to pick up and play anytime.Ps: Only negative reviews i've seen, complain about rng, and in almost any scenario you should have the tools to deal with what's presented."
76561198078623582,Recommended,212680,23730615,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,LandmineFrisbee,Do you like playing a badass space hero? Well ♥♥♥♥ off back to Mass Effect because this game is about being a space murder victim.
,Recommended,212680,33362054,Posted: 7 July,all,EhBruh,"- Play game- Get a*s handed- Lower difficulty- Get a*s handed again- 13 hours later, find great crew with 7 members with good defense and offense- Meet Rebel Flagship- Destroyed it- Has second stage- Got a*s handed10/10 would get a*s-handed again."
76561198039598318,Recommended,212680,26426815,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CptMfdvr,its the good kind of repetitive
,Recommended,212680,13032733,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Subset GamesPublishers:Subset GamesInitial release:Sept 2014Genre:Strategy, Rogue-like, Space Sim#Worth/NotWorth:#AbsolutelyWorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationBe a paragon of justice. Build impenetrable overshields with bot defenses and save the unfortunate from certain death.Or, be ruthless, kill everyone and take everything they own. Create an arsenal of wave beam and missile weapons. Bot drones, heavy lasers and ion chargers with chain shots to tear apart anyone willing to become a victim to your onslaught.Get to know different species and what specialties they can bring to your team.Earn different ships by doing various and inpromptu quests through your intergalatic endeavors into the vast reaches of space. Experiment with mind control, cloning bays and stealth ships with extended radar. Get to know your play style. Improve you skills playing in real time without pausing using hot keys. Learn the systems, know when and how to spend salvage.And you'll die everytime and love it. Even years later.Follow my curation for more"
,Recommended,212680,16731046,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Ua Gerry,In space no one can hear you scream.Except for whenAmantisinvades your shipGiant spiders are an optionA fire spreads like a nasty STDthe guy you save ends up being crazy and ♥♥♥♥♥ your crewEverything diesYou show any mercy and it ♥♥♥♥♥ you for it.Losingeverytimeyou try.10/Death
76561198042554693,Recommended,212680,11972402,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Enemy Millipede,"I SWEAR, THOSE MOTHERF*****G GIANT SPIDERS. EVERY. TIME. I NEVER LEARN. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,13816670,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Lewis,"As the rebels have come closer to find our ship and destroy us before we could send the message to what remains of the Federation Fleet, me and my crew decided to use the Long-Range Beacon to go to a nebula sector.What first seemed like a good idea, soon had bite back and hit us hard.Just as we were going through the nebula, observing the surroundings through every window possible, we soon found ourselves shot by a Mantis warship! They didn't even consider negotiating they just wanted our scraps and weapons.We locked on to their ship and started shooting, but in a mere second we had a boarding party on our ship. My crew wasn't capable of fighting 4 enemies at once, Berkley rushed to the cockpit as Matthieu and Jason locked themselves in the door control room and locked down the entire ship. Jason quickly opened the airlocks and vented every bit of oxygen from the ship, except the cockpit, surveillance room and door control room.As we were fighting with the intruders, our ship got devastated by enemy fire. Just after the intruders suffocated, we've got a direct hit on the life support system with a hull breach, but we managed to destroy their ship after all.Celebration had to wait, the life support system was down, we had a hull breach and the oxygen was escaping from the ship fast. Only 5% remaining, meaning there wasn't any oxygen left on the ship, but in the door control room and the cockpit. Berkley was wounded in the running and we had to make a decision fast. So I sent Matthieu and Jason to the life support system to repair it and the hull breach.Just before they closed the intercom channel, Matthieu said: ""It was an honour serving with you Captain.""They knew they signed up for a one way trip to save the rest of us. They took a deep breath, held it and ran to save the ship. Matthieu was losing consciousness fast and halfway through the repair he started to ran back to the control room to get some air, but he couldn't open the door. A few bangs on the door and it was over. Matthieu was gone. Jason held it for as long as he could, Matthieu repaired the hull breach so he had to worry about the life support system. Struggling with staying awake Jason pushed one last button before he exhaled his soul into the empty space and the system was back online. Oxygen started to spread across the ship, me and Berkley can finally breathe up.We rushed out from the cockpit to save the rest of the crew but it was too late. CPR and the med bay couldn't help them, they were already clinically dead. So it was only the two of us.Berkley started repairing the shield, the engines and the weapons system while I planned our route out of this wicked and cursed nebula.The damage was bad. Berkley got everything back to operational status but our hull damage was worse than ever. The ship barely held itself together.We managed to make it to a Long-Range Beacon and chose to go to a civilian sector now, hoping we would avoid any fight. The two of us could barely operate this ship, to be fully combat-effective, we tried to keep a low-profile until we get some crew members willing to join.After a few FTL jumps, I quikcly realized that no matter how hard I try to avoid a firefight, war doesn't work like that. No sectors are safe from pirates, slavers, rebel symphatizers and criminals.A pirate ship fully equipped and ready to blow us to pieces, required a toll from us to go past this sector. We didn't have too much scrap and it wasn't enough for them. We begged for their mercy but they didn't listen. One last fight, we locked on their ship and started shooting. It was only a few shot. With the first 3 shot they took out our engines, the surveillance room and the shields. Berkley got severely injured but was still trying to fight the fire in the engine room which came from the explosion, though due to his injuries Berkley was consumed by the fire in the end.Shooting a few more rockets and laser shots in the enemy seemed like a hopeless effort to breach through their strong shields and the last shot have marked our fate.As the ship was blown to pieces and I've got sucked out into space by the vacuum, there was only a few seconds to reflect on my life.Only a few seconds until I became the frozen captive of the empty space.I strongly recommend this game!You have the abilityto re-route power on your ship, vent the rooms to kill the intruders, while you are under fire and repairing severe damages on your ship, you have to cause damage to the enemy ship as well.Can't write much about it. Just simply amazing I always wanted to manage my own starship and crew. :DMass Effect was just a little demo to what this game offers for you. :D"
,Recommended,212680,25073569,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Hana,step 1. choose shipstep 2. name crewstep 3. get attached to the crewstep 4. upgrade & buy equipmentstep 5. crew diesstep 6. cry about crew dyingrepeat
,Recommended,212680,17860580,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Snakeboy229,10 hours playedStill haven't beaten the final boss.On easy.10/10 wouldn't accept surrender again
,Recommended,212680,12438560,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,EnteDerWelt,"Just beat the final boss for the first time, and now I am sitting in front of my PC, crying manly tears of joy, knowing all that hard work, all  this getting owned had a meaning.10/10"
76561198029074624,Recommended,212680,32694834,Posted: 23 June,all,scougy,"Best game I have bought on Steam, so addictive can play endlessly and the soundtrack is amazing!"
76561198052402530,Recommended,212680,24442110,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,42matty79,"800 hours later, i am still playing this game. Simple, yet sooo challenging."
,Recommended,212680,17128914,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,HalfSquirrel,"FTL is a roguelike game based in space, where you guide your ship from beacon to beacon, and sector to sector. At each beacon, you encounter an event. Sometimes it will be nothing, sometimes it will be a pirate fight, sometimes it will be someone in distress that needs your help. It puts you in different scenarios, where your actions determine your fate, your future, and that of the creatures around you. The great soundtrack of this game will easily get stuck in your head, and you still won’t hate it! With runs lasting up to 2 hours if you drag it on to the end, this game is fun and worthwhile, if not simply to get a couple hours for your money’s worth.The controls are very simple, and most of the buttons have hotkeys to speed things up and make it easier. However, sometimes the controls are unresponsive. You can click and even press the hotkeys as much as you want, and it won’t work. I have played on multiple different computers, and have even talked to friends experiencing the same problem. This is one of the biggest issues with the game, as timing is often vital in battle situations and being delayed even a second can get you screwed in battle.While this game is very fun to start, and without a doubt quite challenging, it does eventually get boring and repetitive. There isn’t very much variation in the events, and you end up going through the same situations over and over again with very few different possible outcomes. The events are essentially what makes the game interesting, and I think having more to this aspect of the game would increase the amount of time you spend playing FTL by a lot. Even the advanced edition content added very little from what I could tell.Although this doesn’t affect gameplay at all and isn’t a big deal, I don’t like how you can’t have your own preset ship and crewman names, and crewman positions. If you want to set your own names, you have to reset it individually each time (aside from using the restart button to keep the same names as your last run). And every run, the crew will start in the default positions, so if you don’t like them, you have to move them every time. I often forget and end up moving them in the middle of the first fight, which isn’t a big deal, but can be annoying.Being able to set the crew positions is one of the most useful features. You can have your crew running around and repairing things or fighting off intruders, and when they’re all done, send them all back to their positions instantly at the press of a button! It’s useful to keep everyone in position at all time. It’s also really helpful given that moving crew individually is kind of awkward. The left click-right click maneuver is weird, and annoying to get used to. Left click to select then left click to move would work fine, as it’s the same system used for the weapons. Then right click can be used to deselect. Currently it’s the reverse of the controls for weapon use, and this makes it even more inconvenient to get used to.While many people will tell you that this game is extremely difficult, I will have to disagree. I found that it’s challenging, but sometimes in the end you just kind of get killed by random events. Sometimes a random event will get a lucky shot in, and you lose a vital team member or just an unlucky sequence of shots that puts you in a really bad situation. Of course sometimes you will lose of making your own mistake or being new to the game and what not, but often it will be because of an unlucky bad situation you were put in.The end-game sectors are where the game starts to legitimately get tougher. This is a good thing, because the progressive increase in difficulty forces you to adapt your strategy and equipment to take down shields more efficiently and make sure you can survive yourself. This transition into the more difficult sectors can be tough, and there’s really no way to get past it unless you’re ready for it coming out of the previous sectors. You need to upgrade your ship sufficiently, get better weapons and the system upgrades to power them, at least 3 levels of shield and probably a couple extra crewmen from the default 3. Sometimes this is impossible, and it can ruin a run, but it also forces you to think ahead a bit and prepare, which is good. In the end though, it should always be possible to win a run using just skill of the game.The final boss is also the only extremely hard part of the game. You have to fight 3 phases of it, in between which you could in theory go back to a repair station and fix up your ship, but chances are you either won’t be able to get to one without it being taken over by the rebels, or on your way back after getting fixed up you’ll fight more rebels and get weakened again. The later phases honestly become close to impossible without certain exact equipment which you have to be lucky to get.Overall, this game is fun for a while, and if you’re willing to persevere through all the tough parts to get really good at this game, there could easily be more than 100 hours worth of gameplay to unlock all the extra content. But in the end, for your casual gamer or roguelike lover, this game is probably only worthwhile to get while it’s on sale (which does happen pretty frequently). For me, this game was fun for a while, but about 15 hours in I started getting bored of runs half way through and it stopped being worthwhile to keep playing."
76561198087791748,Recommended,212680,29531161,Posted: 27 January,all,♛ Woozie,"- Played game a few times but i'll tell the story when i got to the Boss.- Ok i heard this ship was difficult so i got to give it EVERYTHING i got- Uses tacticts and does pretty well- Then a middle part of the battle when i missed ALL OF MY SHOTS- At this time i had about 15 hp left so i was still good- Loses more and more but then he has 3hp left- Pray that shots will hit- After a while of trading shots and in panic because of alot of my stations (Like the piloting room the shield room and so on) was on fire and some on red damage- The boss has 1 hp, and so do i- All my shots miss- 3 of his hits me GG10/10 would be tied with a Flagship again. And be sad because i failedIm going to continue trying btw.- My second try was with the Engi ship....- Pretty much same storyFeel even more sad- I tried a 3rd time, finished him off.- I COMPLETELY forgot that he has more than 1 life.- Failed against the drone flagship.Many tries, got some ships, but then the Great Day!After losses upon losses I DID IT. (On easy mode)The Federation Cruiser is my hero.And when i say that i the Woozie! I FEEL ACCOMPLISHED.It took me 18 hours of testing strategies, trial and error, to do it, but that's not bad!And i say GGNow this is a more serious part of the review.I'll have to say this game is alot of fun, even IF you're a bit of a casual player. You just have to learn the basics. It may be difficult, stressing, triggering and even boring. But it's not the competitive aspect of the game that made me love it, it's the feel of acomplishment. Like when i got the Federation ship, and won the game with it, and how i got the rock ship, and when i unlocked all of these i got the LANIUS cruiser. And the replayability is, just crazy. And if you want a challange on easy mode just use a type C ship. They're usually difficult to use. And i do TRULY recommend this game if you have time and effort to use.You'll truly love it if you like singleplayer games. (And space! :D)Well this is the end of my ""Review""I hope it Helps?And maybe got you to buy the game."
,Recommended,212680,18451318,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,jhw549,This may very well be one of the best games ever made.
76561198033228686,Recommended,212680,30414191,Posted: 9 March,all,Bolderbast,One of my all time favorite sound tracks. Wonderful game as well.
,Recommended,212680,19451096,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Amcreva,Simple. Hard. Fun. Replayable.A solid game and sold for a great price.Would suggest this to game to anyone.
,Recommended,212680,22652953,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Quyzbuk,"Are giant alien spiders a joke?Does your crew really need that oxygen right now?How much fire is too much fire?Is that bribe good enough?Are they gonna try to eat us if we go in there?If you've ever asked yourself or wanted to be asked questions like this, then FTL is a no brainer of a purchase."
,Recommended,212680,34469536,Posted: 24 August,all,Spudozaurus,"It took me hundreds of hours to complete this game. As soon as I finished it I just erased my save in order to do it again. Complete, painful, hard, clever and enjoyable."
76561198183287053,Recommended,212680,29997231,Posted: 17 February,all,Pillsbury DankBoy,"Bought this game for 3$ on a steam sale, which I realise is a total steal now that I've had my time to play it. I am yet to have a boring moment in my 8 hours of playing, as I have been occupied every second. It manages to do this even with its conceptually repetitive playthroughs, each short but still lively with original content and dilemmas that keep you on the edge of your seat all the way through. To put it in perspective, I have NEVER been without a chore, either fleeing, attacking, repairing, upgrading, or attempting to douse fires via lack of oxygen but find that the oxygen generator room is broken and that I'll have to repair it, but soon realise that it's completely futile as both the oxygen room itself and all the rooms around it are devoid of any oxygen, and that I might as well restart now as my crewmates will slowly suffocate to death but maybe, MAYBE, PLEASE I'M BEGIING YOU-   Nope, nevermind.I rate this game a solid 8/10, which my former self would've said nah, not worth it, CS:GO can keep me awake until 2 o'clock in the morning before I remember that I have multiple quizzes and tests the next day. But if you put it into perspective, I wouldn't rate many games above 8 that cost 30 bucks or more, and I literally snagged this for a TENTH of that price. Now my new ""Wait, I have homework tomorrow, right? Eh, whatever..."" game, can confirm totally worth."
,Not Recommended,212680,11216085,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,"Scott ""Mr. No-Guns"" Haibon","I REALLY wish there was some sort of neutral review option instead of the up or down thumbs. Let me just say that this game is extremely fun. It is extremely polished and it will keep you coming back for more time and time again when you die. And yes, you will die....ALOT. The main problem i have with this game is how it always seems like your opponents dont play by the same rules as you. This is laughably apparent when you encounter the flagship, but more on that later.This is a game where the RNG (random number generator or random number god) holds your fate in its hand almost every time you do a jump. It does not matter how decked out your ship is, how many max level crew you have or how prepared you THINK you are. Like i said in the previous paragraph, the game does not play by the same rules as you, and you will find many enounters that feel unfair, or some that are flat out impossible to win against depending on what ship you pick.And that leads me to the games boss, the flagship. If you manage to get to this behemoth of a ship, you will probably do what i did the first time i encountered it. First you will be awe struck at how big and how many systems and weapons it has, and then when it fires that first volley of lasers and missles which seem to never end, you will sit back, laugh out loud and roll your eyes. I am by no means saying the flagship cant be beaten, because it most definitely can. The problem is in order to beat it there are really only a small list of ship ""builds"" that are effective, and even with those setups, grasping victory can seem very difficult. Alot of the time you have to rely on luck, because while you think that 55% evasion you have actually equals 55%, it will feel like 10% when a full volley of missles and 2 volleys of lasers all impact with almost no misses whatsoever.As i said, the game is very fun, its definitely worth your time, and you will come back for more no matter how stupidly frustrating it can be.  Just realize that all the planning and ship upgrades in the world are just one or two jumps from ending up as space debris at any given moment."
,Recommended,212680,9330066,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Friendly Caique,Found myself enjoy funny little gems like this instead of those AAA-Billion-Budget-Blockbuster made by some huge monster corp. I must be getting owl.... T_T
,Recommended,212680,32857672,Posted: 27 June,all,❤✿ AGhostNamedBlu ✿❤,Love the games soundtrack very relaxing to listen to.
76561198069430662,Recommended,212680,19392624,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Big Money 420,YOU CAN ROLEPLAY SPACE DANDYYOU CAN ROLEPLAY HAN SOLOYOU CAN ROLEPLAY JEAN-LUC PICARDYOU CAN ROLEPLAY JAMES KIRKIn Space only your roommates and neighbors hear you scream.
,Recommended,212680,28532548,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,ManuTOO,"1-sentence review :Great game with great atmosphere, although the combats lack a little bit of depth and can get repetitive, especially at the beginning of a run ; it is anyway a must-play by everybody who calls himself a gamer ! :)Pros :- many different ships, builds & equipments- many different events- great gameplay mechanisms- skills matter, but...Cons :- ... but luck matters a lot, even if there's a lot of skills to learn, luck will decide of the fate more often than not ; for me, it's ok, but it's better to be aware of that- once learned, combats are relatively simple, and get repetitive, especially in the early stages ; reworking the weapon systems with more frequent upgrades and easier swapping (ie: could resell weapon for a better price) would have fixed a good part of the issue"
,Recommended,212680,24978815,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,atu,deeper and more entertaining than no mans sky in every possible aspect.
76561197984246207,Recommended,212680,29366498,Posted: 19 January,all,Capotie,"Start playing on Normal, figure the game out and then enjoy the living crap out of Hard. This is the most chill, smart and furiously exciting game I've ever played. It does not cost much money, try it and hate it? Oh shucks np. But if you love it, HOLY CRAP! are you in for a ride! I'm 500+hours in and I still love it."
,Recommended,212680,12338564,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Hoonster,"I think there are enough recommendation for this game already, so I will give some tips for new purchasers :DO NOT ENABLE ADVANCED EDITION IF THIS IS THE FIRST TIME YOU PLAY - The update added so much things, you will just be confused and frustrated. Just start with the simpler base game in order to learn how to play the game.TURN THE VOLUME ALL THE WAY UP - The game has awesome soundtrack. I know there are people who play games muted for no ♥♥♥♥ing reason. You monsters.PAUSE THE GAME - Seriously, pause the game like every second. Makes the game so much easier."
76561198332965567,Recommended,212680,31265701,Posted: 20 April,all,Neon Eviscerate,"One of these games that at first you'll wonder why you bought it, as you get rekt several times without knowing what the buggery you did wrong.Do not, I repeat, do not give up too easily. Underneath the simple graphics and barebones plot there is one of the most lateral thinking games I've ever played. It's really difficult to master this game, even at 30 hours and several successful playthroughs I'm still learning some of the more niche ideas. Which just makes this game even more value for it's small price."
,Recommended,212680,25265818,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Xue-tenantSHEEP,"One of the 'hard' games out there, fun to play, difficult to master. The bonus free expansion is great too!-Never ever had technical problems."
,Recommended,212680,10852520,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Forraz^,It's so hard to describe how awesome this game is but I will put + and minuses on the things that are either drawbacks or good stuff..+/- It is addictive+ Good soundtrack+ Very good strategy gameplay+ Very hard+ Much stuff to do+ Many different ships / layouts+ Perma death- You are probably going to be sitting here for hours and hours and keep on staring at this beutiful game- Good luck quiting.
,Recommended,212680,11787884,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Garbanzo Beanzo,I named my ship the SS HarryAll crew members named HarryJoining crew members named Harryharry/harry would harry
,Recommended,212680,32153756,Posted: 3 June,all,Creatismus,"Unlike many other rogue-lites like Spelunky or maybe Enter The Gungeon, this game actually brings a lot of atmosphere thanks to great writing and an amazing soundtrack. This makes the game feel 'heavier', as you're not just shooting soulless baddies, but actual people that may have genuine emotions. And, of course, the gameplay is great, all the mechanics are well thought out and interact with one another, creating interesting scenarios where you need to pause the game and think how you want to procede."
,Recommended,212680,28510049,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Peon,"Faster than DeathTL;DRFTL is a Difficult and extremely intense strategy game, With every fight being one that might end your journey and resources being scarce you’ll be on the edge of your seat throughout your adventures. A fantastic soundtrack that always sets the tone of the battle. The Further in the adventure you get the more attached to your crew you’ll become making their demise that more real.Follow us hereSteamship Discord:https://discord.gg/XbsKrtKSteamship Steam group:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thesteamshipProsGreat soundtrackLarge array of ships to choose fromIntense strategic battlesVery easy to start a new gameMany secrets and challenges to unlockConsRandom difficulty rampsVery dependent on RNGNo way to save ships through a new game+----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------GameplayThis game is one of the few game I use the pause feature in to strategize my attacks and defense. After you do place where you want to attack you’ll have to sit back and watch at the edge of your seat as your weapons charge up and hope that they land. There are instances where your ship will catch fire or have a breach or be invaded, then you must fix the problems while still in the middle of a space battle. The game is great at being simple chaotic fun. The management of resources is just as important as anything else, you need to get as much scrap before fighting the final boss at a better chance to win. If your ship runs out of fuel you’ll be at the mercy of passing ships while still being chased by the rebellion.StoryKnowing that you are being chased by an overwhelming enemy and there are more ahead of you adds so much to the tension of the game. You can’t stay in a sector to long or you’re going to get caught by the extremely difficult rebellion battlecruisers. You are forced to continue and to meet the final boss with the little resources you were able to get.CharactersWhat FTL does beautifully is creating character you get attached to without them being unique. The longer they are able to survive in the journey the better the become at the job they were assigned, so it really is crushing when one of them dies because you weren’t paying attention to the oxygen levels or something small like that. It is rare in a run to hit the max limit on crew sizes at least for very long.Art/GraphicsWith the simple pixel art and animations FTL is able to convey extreme space battles and an overwhelming sense of dread. With slight additions made to your ui, like a red flashing light the game jumps from 3 to a 10 really fast.Bonus NotesFTL I like to believe is a game for any steam library it’s a brilliant lunch game and the permadeath aspects means little commitment, the ability to just hop into a new game makes it worth the small price. Also, the addition of free content makes me love the developers of the game.If you like this join us here to get the latest Reviews:Steamship Discord:https://discord.gg/XbsKrtKSteamship Steam group :http://steamcommunity.com/groups/thesteamship"
,Recommended,212680,31475586,Posted: 30 April,all,orp,hi this is your captain speaking and welcome to jackass*crew suffocates**crew is eaten alive by giant alien spiders**crew is killed by a kamikaze zoltan**crew sold to slavery**crew burns to death**crew is mind controlled**crew vaporized by a magical monolith**crew is eaten by cannibals**crew is mauled by six-legged horse aliens*roll credits
76561198057233673,Recommended,212680,22887282,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,pintsizedphysics,"I've been playing this for years now. I keep coming back to it, the variety of gameplay and the challenging difficulty make for countless hours of entertainment. The expansion only made it more enjoyable. Will be playing this for years to come."
,Recommended,212680,9831339,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Hosing,"teaches you how to effectively fly a spaceship through spaceexept the part when they get burned alive, suffocate, explode, cut apart, shot, and punched to death10/10"
76561198038643255,Recommended,212680,10560127,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,FuguKing,"Beautifully unfair, extremely challenging and yet simple. A storybook roguelike with extra spaceship on top and a must have for any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,212680,15733118,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Dr. Frog ☭☢,"The first thing anyone should know about FTL: Faster Than Light, is you will die, often. FTL is Very fun game if you don't mind a challenging experience and permadeath.The storyline is basically you have to fly across the galaxy with an important objective, to warn your people of the incoming invasion, or something along those lines. The base gameplay is almost a turn based action game, with the ability to pause and select how and where you wish to attack. You command the basic ship at the start with the ability to unlock more ships as you progress through the game. The game is composed of 5 Sectors, each with ramping difficulty, but most players should be able to survive through them. The final stage the play must fight a boss ship, winning the game if they destroy it, but restarting all over if the fail.Depending on the ship you fly, there are all kinds of different mods, weapons, rooms, and crew members (of many races and abilities) to acquire, creating many different playstyles. These are purchased with scrap, the in game currency acquired by selling things at stores, completing side mission and destroying ships. Destroying ships also gives you drone parts, used for different types of drones, missiles, used for, well, missile launchers, and fuel. If you ship runs out of fuel in space, you can either wait for the bad guy army to catch up to you, or you can set a distress beacon. Throughout the game, the bad guys are chasing after you. You only have so much time to acquire resources and move on before you are overwhelmed.The galaxy in the game is randomly generated each time, and each sector is randomly generated as well, and each area in each sector is also randomly generated. The game will never be the same 2 playthroughs in a row. This adds replayability into the game, making the permadeath seem less of a drawback and more of an opportunity.The game, although retro looking, is actually beautiful. The graphic style suits the game very very well. The sound in the game is amazing, the music is so inviting and fits the game perfectly.FTL does many things right.ReplayabilityMany play stylesa constant feeling that every choice you make has real significanceThe graphic style of the game suits it very well.The music and sound of the game are phenomenal and fit so wellThe diverse races make the galaxy seem more populatedThe random events and their consequences make the player feel more in controlThe DLC/expansion is freeModding communityHas steam trading cardsFTL does some things wrong.The end boss is extremely difficultThere are a few bugs that still haven't been patched outThe game can feel tedious if played more than 20 hoursSome playstyles, although fun, are near impossible to win withSometimes sectors are over populated, and you get into too many space battlesThe “luck of the draw” feeling comes in as you continue to playThis game is very fun to someone who likes a challenge. I would suggest that the best way to enjoy this game is not look try to enjoy beating the boss, enjoy the journey through space. Or even too try to earn the achievements to give the game another perpous. The game has its issues but all in all it is a great deal of fun. The modest price of $10.99(CAD) Is worth is to someone who might put 15+ hours into it. If its on sale, i think everyone should pick up this game, it's a wonderful little nugget of gold in the vast desert that is the steam indie game section."
,Recommended,212680,25168786,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,ATX Ferret,"I agree with everything positive said about this game.Also, this game is mean. It doesn't like me. It won't like you. Oh, you'll like the game, but it will use that to its advantage to show you how much it *doesn't* like you.Sometimes you may think it likes you. You may think FTL is your friend. But that's just to make you that much more upset when it shows you otherwise.It will hurt your feelings. I'm only playing it on easy, and I'm quite angsty at the moment.You'll be going along, happily building your ship up and lazering the crap out of anyone who gets in your way, gathering up scrap, and then suddenly something comes at you with a missile launcher (bypasses shields), missiles your shields, and their two beam drones make lunch meat out of your ship, while you're all ""b-b-but...I can shoot them like 7 times a round! I mean, I could before my weapons room was ON FIRE.""The game is very RNG dependant, but I almost feel like that's kind of realistic, in this case. Regardless, the RNG plus the ability to screw yourself up, is pretty brutal.TRIGGER WARNING: THIS GAME HURTS FEELINGS ON PURPOSE.11/10 would be sad and angry metal salami (SAAMS) againPS - Screw the shop owner that warned me how dangerous things were when I pulled in with multiple sections of my ship ablaze."
76561198000143560,Recommended,212680,35038390,Posted: 17 September,all,Voltare,Replayability. Strategy. Creativity. Discovery. Captainry. Point'n'clickery. Pausery. Expositorory.
,Recommended,212680,9926178,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,fenrir,As hard as my morning wood.
76561198137184128,Recommended,212680,24963984,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,ham,Giant alien spiders are no joke
,Recommended,212680,27530354,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jell0,"You may think this game is hard...And you're right.But the thing is, despite the trouble you'll go through to win, when you finally unlock all the ships and their layouts or you get a Glaive Beam and destroy ships within a second, you'll know it will have been worth your time."
76561198059105314,Recommended,212680,24424650,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,OceanSlice,I can't actually think of anything bad about this game...
,Recommended,212680,4194106,"Posted: 8 November, 2012",all,Zygayga,"The game has a newer update which added a lot to the game.Short review. worth the $5 I paid for it. I wouldn't say 10.It's fun, it's a rouge-like game, it involves some management, it has a good modding community.Yeah.It's a game.It's a space game.Story: 7/10 (exists.)Gameplay: 9/10 (Unique, fun.)Presentation: 9/10 (Pixel-art-ish and not much else.)Soundtrack: 9/10 (good.)Replayability: 7/10 (Maybe.)"
,Recommended,212680,9367978,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,shearerlol,what's cooler than being cool? the ice cold sensation that your last surviving character experiences whilst suffocating because you opened all the doors of your spaceship. you idiot
76561197970396900,Recommended,212680,25924193,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Discogodfather,Tough game. Very fulfilling when you have a game where evrything lines up[ just right and you really get far. Closest thing to feeling like a Star trek captian available.
,Recommended,212680,9726228,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,r'lyeh!!!,i'm bad at this game
76561198026457560,Recommended,212680,32705929,Posted: 23 June,all,CodeyN7,Provides so many hours of playtime for such a simple and cheap game.
,Recommended,212680,23774984,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,mischivousmic,"This game is extremely tough. I'm a AAA title, high end pc gamer, and this game is on my top 10 list. it may not look like GTA V or Crysis, but it's engaging, challenging, and addictive.pick it up on sale for like 2 bucks, can't go wrong."
,Recommended,212680,33314492,Posted: 6 July,all,Moony,"FTL is a brilliant strategy that lets you taste both feeling of accomplishment and an endless despair. The game is unforgiving and extremely cruel, yet most of the scenarios are reasonably manageable. The more you play and study the game, the more you enjoy its charming atmosphere and unmatched replayability. There are only a few things as rewarding as watching the Rebel Flagship turn to dust while the credits start rolling. Once you learn how to exploit the game mechanics, you are in for a very enjoyable ride."
,Recommended,212680,14114643,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Kemo,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a true gem in the rogue-like genre that never fails to disappoint. FTL has you take charge of a ship (of your choice) in the Federation fleet to take on the Rebels and defeat their flagship. FTL is all about managing your ship and your crew effectively in order to make your ship powerful enough to fight the boss (good luck with that one).+Nice art style+An incredibly good OST+It's set in space, who doesn't love space?+Each playthrough (depending on which systems you get and whether or not you beat the boss) takes between 20-30 minutes so it's easy to play a quick game+A wide range of ships to choose from/unlock including different layouts of the same ship+Several different races, each with their own specialities and backstories+Lots of customisation options for ships+Different ships suit different playstyles+Plenty of different enemy ship types+Extremely replayable+Some really good mods, especially FTL Infinite, and the game is simple to mod+/-The boss is extremely hard to beat, I still haven't beaten it at the time of writing this review but it doesn't really matter because playing through the game and unlocking new ships is where the fun comes from-Some of the ships are extremely difficult to unlock-It has in-game achievements but no Steam achievementsVerdict:9.5In my opinion this is one of the best, if not the best, rogue-likes on Steam and is a must have for all rogue-like fans.El K."
,Recommended,212680,32594043,Posted: 20 June,all,Ma'Vi Yboct,Best Indie Game Ever
76561197999243021,Recommended,212680,31582318,Posted: 6 May,all,Archangel,One of the best and most innovative games of the last years.This is a must have and must play for any space loving gamer.Killing the enemy crew by depleting their oxygen has no price.
,Recommended,212680,13448224,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Neko-Nomikon,"Beautiful game.I named my ship ""The Golden Perv"" and my crew were aptly ""Sir.Jimmy Saville"", ""Gary Glitter"" and the notorious ""Rolf Harris"". We drifted through space, far and wide. Helping those who sent distress signels are fighting tyranny wherever we found it!We were determined to finish our mission, and deliver the information (which was actually CP) to whever we had to go.We ended up crashing on a planet. We repaired our ship and rescued a man. We became good friends, sharing many jokes and rounds of ""Play Rolfs digerydoo while dancing on the table like a hooker"". We bonded. Allies.Then we were CRUELY attacked by pirates, our hull badly damaged, sheilds down and oxygen depleting. Rolf Harris and Sir Jimmy Saville tried to fix the oxygen while Gary Glitter and the man we picked up fought bravely.A missile struck the ship. Jimmy and Rolf were no more. RIP. But we fought them back and lived! Then we were ambushed yet again! This time, Gary Glitter died. The strange man had inherited the ship. He drifed. Years on end, missing his friends.Then he was stuck in an astroid belt, having the sheilds pummled by rock, while he was shot upon. The laser beams and missiles were set to auto as the strange man tried fixing the continually damage oxygen system. A fire started, and he burnt to death.Scared, alone, out of breath, and crispy is how the saga ended for The Golden Perv."
,Recommended,212680,12606195,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Beardingo,"I put off buying this game for a long time, mostly because i thought i wouldn't like it. Many of my friends & family kept pestering me to buy it, and a couple of years later i finally purchased it during one of the steam sales. After getting in a few hours of FTL, i now wish i had bought the game at launch day. It's absurdly difficult, but so wonderfully entertaining that you will keep coming back for more. I'm an absolute sucker for games with awesome soundtracks, and i fell deeply in love with FTL's beautifully soothing and atmospheric music. This game has brought me more joy and happiness than most AAA games have given me in the past decade. Faster Than Light is living proof that excellent game design more often than not, is more important than having a game with ultra high graphics and an insanely high budget.Seriously, buy this game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,212680,28416685,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Anderson [5thGA],One of the best rouge-like perma-death games you will find out there
,Recommended,212680,9718788,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,thetick,"This took a long while to for me to understand and appreciate.  At first I thought it to be ridiculously hard and luck driven, so I raged and uninstalled it with the intent to never play it again.  Sometime later I came across a tips and tricks thread and got a desire to play again.  I soon learned that I was playing the game poorly, and that it is not luck driven at all.  *See DarkTwinge's videos on Twitch.*  Shortly after I got my first win on easy... then my second... then my third.  I saw how fun this game can be.Then I took break from the game and forgot about it for a while.  Now that the free expansion was released, I decided to install it again and explore the content.  So I fired up a game and, 90 minutes later, I beat the game on my first try.  What a blast.If you are having a hard time with this game, please do not give up.  Take a break if you need to.  Then find why you are failing, come back, and correct the problems.  I'm glad I did because otherwise I would have missed out on really enjoying what this game has to offer.Highly recommended."
76561198183899007,Recommended,212680,24843751,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Spooktopus,"A wise man once said: ""The only thing we have to fear, is fear itself. And also giant, man-eating spiders.""I now see why.Don't ♥♥♥♥ with the giant alien spiders.I'll never forget you, Johnson."
,Recommended,212680,24930332,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,ViceThe'BarkShark'Sergal,Steps to FTL1. Find enemy2.Charge and shoot weapons3.Regret your life decisions4.Have (Enter crewname here) die5.Scream in rage as you flee
,Recommended,212680,32849857,Posted: 27 June,all,MadLad™,"FTL is a game that you wouldn't expect to be as good as it is. I made the mistake of ignoring it for many years. I highly-recommend this game as it is an amazing, addictive game in a microscopic size and able to run on any pc. Don't make the same mistake that I did. Buy it now."
76561198021248048,Recommended,212680,34013776,Posted: 4 August,all,Exile,"This is one of those games that I just keep coming back to. It's great fun, hectic, smooth, responsive and everything in between. There's a lot of strategy required, and sometimes luck.I once destroyed the final boss ship at the same time as it killed me. Still counted as a victory - that, my friends, is true martyrdom/storytelling."
,Recommended,212680,35441112,Posted: 3 October,all,Dtecherz,what i think about this gamesFirst of all the experience of this games is really memorablebecause there are so many unique things about the universe in FTLBut this is not an easy games its a really hard games because it is rogue like after allPros- Catchy soundtrack- Memorable story- Many Tactics to fight the enemy- Many hours to play.- Many ships to unlockCons- Hard scrap- Harder Enemy will be encountered  more often if youFTL charge some enemy behindoverall this is a good gamesand stand for a full pricei give this game a solid 9/10sry for my bad english lmao
,Recommended,212680,22635550,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Procyon,"You will press space more than any other button in this game.In all seriousness, this is NOT a fast paced game. If you're looking for that, look elsewhere. This is a game that will make you think and have you plan out your next strategy.  The graphics are appealing, and the learning curve is small. For $10, it can't be beat."
,Recommended,212680,25504790,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Arnolds,"Loved it and want more. Any update would be fantastic. I guess that the mods are good to, but I'd love an official update to this game.A few things to note:You will die.You will die a lot.You will die more than you win.You can't save your progress. You die, you start over.HOWEVER:When you win, you'll be honestly proud of yourself for fighting so hard to win, because you have to do so much in order to win that you will feel like you've finished a journey or something. Either way, it's very rewarding when you win.The soundtrack is fantastic.The time between starting the game and death is random, fun, and is also never exactly the same.The side missions are fun, especially when you manage to unlock new ships. Plus the different species are interesting and sometimes game changing.The subtle lore of the game and the backstory of the different species, the cause of the war, etc.All in all, I'd recommend this game to someone who is cool-headed and loves a good old fashioned space explorer. And is willing to die.A lot.Seriously, prepare to die, and get ready to fly. Through an airlock. Or, you know, to victory.Maybe.FTL.BUY IT."
76561198080489757,Recommended,212680,34787893,Posted: 6 September,all,~Lightning Zap~,"This is a game of thought. What I mean by this is that to win, you need to have a good strategy planned out in accordance to what goes on within the game. But whatever you do, don't judge the game by the graphics not ""up to par"" with most modern games. This game is meant to be in this 2D form, and there's nothing bad about that. Just give it a try, and if you like games with a little ""spark"" of strategy, then you'll love this game. Nothing else to it."
76561197964912059,Recommended,212680,9790590,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Flik,"FTL is a fantastic game that mixes elements of exploration, rogue-like event randomness, crew/ship management and survival in a perfect blend. Strategic play feels rewarded and the depth of combat rarely gets old. A variety of alien species, different ships, different layouts and random sectors/system help provide huge replay value. A winning run through the game can take up to around two hours.It is not an easy game which is both a blessing and a curse. Losing a decent run due to the RNG (random number generator) nature to some of the events you might come across as you travel to the final battle can sometimes get to you. It's worth sticking with for those good runs, even if they end in failure, that see you score high or tell an exciting story.The recent free content patch in the form of the Advanced Edition added a swathe of new features, events, ship systems and even a new race and playable ship. It has made a great game even better - even if it has also made the final boss even more frustrating and difficult!If you want to check out some first impressions of mine on the FTL Advanced Edition feel free to check out this video:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wVJvcDIXihk"
,Recommended,212680,9267589,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Thirdrail,"The amount of work and balancing that has gone into this $10 game is simply astounding. It's well written, well designed, full of strange hidden activities and unlockable ships, and has the best music this side of Risk of Rain. And they're not even done improving it. Another huge, free, expansion is on its way. (as of Feb. 2014) I would call the learning curve extreme (even by Rogue-like standards) but the game is a rare masterpiece, and it's well worth the time you'll spend being brutally crushed by aliens. If I could only recommend one game from the last five years, it would be FTL."
,Recommended,212680,33683877,Posted: 20 July,all,whitegreyblack,"This is a game I keep coming back to year after year.While I am decidedly NOT a a fan of rogue-likes generally, FTL has a certain something that makes it hopelessly addictive and exciting to play even after you've crashed and burned dozens - or perhaps hundreds - of times.The Advanced Edition makes this game even deeper, richer with fiction and factions, and more engaging than ever.I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198119402499,Recommended,212680,34532871,Posted: 27 August,all,Thimeaux,"Total games played: 206Total victories: 1This game is great, I am not going to give gameplay details because then I would be writing a whole bunch while probably skipping a lot.Got all the ships, got a victory, and it took me many hours, but it was all worth it.It is a very satisfying game as well, and I highly recommend you buy it.P.S. Three dificulity settings: Hard, Extremely hard, and tougher then a Nokia, they are called ''easy, normal, and hard'' but I did most of my runs on easy and it still was one of the hardest games I have ever played."
,Recommended,212680,8783693,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Necrolophous[PL],"Nice mix of roguelike and strategy/tactical game. Not so complicated as most of roguelikes, what is an advantage for players don't know this genre. From one point of wiev it's quite simple game, but from other, in this simple mechanics you have a lot of possibilities and strategies in combat. Very well thought and designed indie game.VERDICT:If you're a fan of rogue-like games, you should try it. It's good and fresh.If you're in mood to play smaller game, try it. One game won't take you too much time.But if you're a fan of good graphics and animations, keep looking.Like this review? Consider to joinGood Games Giveaways & Reviewsgroup and maybe press big sexy ""Follow this curator"" button on ourcuration pageto read more reviews and win free games."
76561198070464900,Recommended,212680,23244289,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,xxMLG-GolfDadxx,first win after 284 games and 90 hours of good times 10/10 would 4 flak cannons again
76561198004360403,Recommended,212680,30415946,Posted: 9 March,all,puffy_jr_kfan,"I have 108 hours of FTL logged. That alone should tell you it's worth a punt at $2.49. It's challenging, but will always keep you coming back for another run. Strong recommendation."
76561198042003546,Recommended,212680,22631828,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Robbie922004,"I got this game a few years ago and played a solid 25 hours making no headway because I was doing everything wrong. Over the past two weeks I picked it up again with the goal of finally winning. Took about 20 additional hours for my first (and thus far only) victory on Normal mode. I feel a lot better about reviewing it now that I've got enough hours and a victory logged.100% recommended.You are the captain of a ship. You have to micromanage your crew and systems (weapons, shields, engines, oxygen. and piloting being the primary systems that you start with, with various systems and subsystems that differ from ship to ship or can be purchased along the way. Your goal is to explore every sector of the galaxy, progressing towards an exit beacon that propels you into the next one. You have limited time in each sector, and every jump costs one fuel. You'll often stumble across shops that let you install new weapons, hire new crew, buy new systems, buy basics like fuel and missiles, sell things you don't want anymore, and repair your ship if need be. Tons of different events that you can encounter on your travels, all having various outcomes based on your decisions. You'll make decisions or run into hostile ships after each jump with the goal being to survive long enough to upgrade your ship, get better weapons, make it to the end, and beat the final boss.That's FTL in a nutshell. Once you learn the ropes, the best ways to attack and defend, optimal ways to upgrade your ship, which events will punish you and which ones will help, you'll gradually make it further and further. On the surface the game seems completely RNG-based (and indeed, you can play perfectly and have a stretch of unlucky breaks that kill your run, or a stretch of lucky ones that win it), but the more you play, the better you get. You learn the tricks of the trade and suddenly you're relying way less on RNG and way more on your own skill.You start with one ship unlocked, and can unlock more through various quests in-game or by beating the game with other ships. There are ten ships in total, eight of which have three layouts, two of which have two. That's a grand total of 28 ships to choose from each with its own starting strengths, weaknesses, and intended playstyle. Different starting weapons and systems really shake things up. Lots of replay value.Game has three difficulties now, easy, normal, and hard. Normal is punishingly hard at times and it will take you a while to beat. You're gonna die a lot, but that's part of the fun. Even on easy mode, it's unlikely you'll be winning when you first start playing, as the game is still challenging and you stlil need to learn the ins and outs. I didn't play on easy mode even once until I had cleared normal (which happened at the 45 hour mark, but again the first 25 hours were me playing totally wrong so let's say 20), and what I learned in normal means I can win easy almost every time now, while normal is still very challenging and hard mode is completely beyond me.Captain your vessel, blow things up, die a lot, cry when your oxygen gets blown up and you suffocate from a hull breach, don't fight the giant alien spiders (they are no joke), get stranded with no fuel, go on a grand adventure, rinse and repeat until you win, cry again, and then rinse and repeat some more. That's FTL baby!"
,Recommended,212680,13709672,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Thorn,"When single player games claim to have ""replayablity"" as a tagline, I generally roll my eyes. Usually these ""infinitely replayable"" games hold my interest for one full playthrough unless they are mind-numbingly boring or unplayably buggy, but I rarely ever start second playthrough (let alone complete one). I bought FTL at deep discount ($2.49) expecting to play through it once, kill a few hours, and get my money's worth. For once, I was incredibly suprised by a supposedly ""replayable"" game. I've spent about 30 hours on FTL, beaten the flagship once, and I'm still on the edge of my seat. There is something about the combination of true roguelike RNG and built-in replay mechanics that makes FTL something special. Though I've gotten many unlucky runs where everything seemed stacked against me, each crushing defeat felt truly unique. While FTL can be frustrating, it has never felt unfair. There is always something new to learn or try out. There is a real thrill that comes out of constructing a strategy, trying to implement it, and inevitably adapting it based on the hand you are dealt. STRONGLY RECOMMEND, even at full price."
,Recommended,212680,3876510,"Posted: 7 October, 2012",all,Aussiedroid,"The game for real gamers! There is no safety net here, each random encounter tests your spaceship management skills. In this survival strategy game, when you are dead you are perma-dead always keeping pressure on what you spend your scarce resources towards and the tactics you use in battle as you keep on the run from the Fleet in hot pursuit.Simple, challenging yet fantastically balanced gameplay keeps you coming back for ... just one more game... Ludicrous speed .. Go!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,212680,18216411,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Plant?,"Would pay many, many shekels for a sequel."
,Recommended,212680,24647144,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Dj.Mike,"How did I miss writing a review for this?FTL is hands down the only rogue-like with replayability that I enjoy. You obviously don't know me so I guess that isn't saying much to you though. The game has a similar feel to XCOM:enemy unknown in its strategy system. If you rush and don't think things through, bad things will happen. And you will REALLY feel it in the long run. Unlike XCOM, playthroughs are shorter and you will learn from each mistake. The UI is beautifully done, and nearly every strategy you can come up with is viable. And it better be, because this game is HARD. I haven't personally even come close to beating the game on anything above the easiest setting. Advanced addition was an incredible update that added more to the gameplay, races, weapons, interactions, soundtrack and metagame. Everything feels even more chaotic, as you truly feel like a captain of a starship navigating in a maze of alien forces coming after your♥♥♥♥♥ One wrong move and you're dead. One wrong move and it will cost you scrap that couldve gotten you that missle to pierce those shields you just didn't have the firepower to break through. One cheap out of repairing your health and you were one shot away from killing that drone and it kills you. One... you get the point. As stressful as it sounds, the one mistake costs you mechanics of the game give it incredible depth and replayability. Did I also mention that Advanced Edition can be turned off if you want to play the legacy version of the game? And oh yeah baby, this game has mods too. If you wanted a whole new campaign and an even bigger update than ADV edition was, Captains edition has you covered. If you just feel like adding a star destroyer as a playable ship, then whatever floats your boat.In conclusion I'm not sure what else you could possibly ask for this title. The devs have gone above and beyond the standard, and though it likely won't happen, I would absolutely love another update here in 2016 or beyond. This may be an old title, but it's far from dead.Happy flying, Federation! Crush the Rebels!10/10 from me."
,Recommended,212680,25423681,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Pin0,"Roguelike/lite / choose your own space adventure. Nicely designed game about your own selected crew in your own selected spaceship of which you can unlock more by progressing in the game and acchieving certain feats. The choose-your-own-adventure part of the game is nicely done, visit different nodes in space which may or may not give you loot, a challenge or progress the story a bit depending on your crew/ship/previous choices. The combat is real time with a turnbased feel to it due to the timing/cooldowns of the abilities. Beating the game for the first time might take some time, but just once you figured it all out you get a run in which you get absolutely slaughtered from the get go.The devs even released a free DLV adding a whole new race and some other mechanics to the mix.In conclusion: for the subgenre of games it's in, it's one of the best."
76561198028726572,Recommended,212680,27839548,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Adamek,Very good permadeath game with many variations and many ways to die
76561198059972018,Recommended,212680,26058993,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,DarkAeroWarrior,"What's a good way to sum up this roguelike spaceship simulator?Well, in one moment you could get very lucky in acquiring hefty scraps rewards, new crewmen, even say augments or weapons that give you a better chance at surviving to the end of the game. In another moment, you could be suffering the loss of a crewman through an event or be taking on the wrong kind of ship in the wrong type of environment... where you either win with heavy ship damages/casualties or lose in a very horrific fashion.See, this is FTL: Faster Than Light in a nutshell... a game where you play as a Federation Crusier on a mission back to deliver something to HQ while outrunning the Rebel Army within different sectors that has a lot things that are probably going to kill you if you're not lucky/prepared. Now much of this game revolves around a few things: luck, how well you can operate within different given situations, and what your style of ship-to-ship combat pertains to. A game like this, I feel at least, will sometimes be more luck-driven than as to how well you can handle a given situation. Of course, if you have certain augments/crewmen/weapons/etc when you arrive at some certain events, it can make traveling through the various sectors that you will come across a heck of a lot easier.Something to note: As with many roguelikes, you have to constantly stay ahead of the Rebel Army, indicated by a massive wall on your ship's radar as you jump from beacon to beacon within each sector. Now I don't think I need to say this, but it is ill advised to go straight to the exit of each sector. If you want to make it all the way to endgame, you mustexplore as much of the sector as possible while staying ahead of the Rebel Army before you're forced to leave the sector at the exit beacon.Doing this, you can get the most out of each sector in terms of scraps (among other things) to help upgrade your ship as well as buy weapons, augments, ship systems, and various other things from shops that you will come across.Word of warning: Make sure you plot your course through each sector thoroughly so that you will reach the exit while getting as much out the sector as possible... otherwise you may end up at dead-end points which will severely hamper your progress... or worse make you backtrack through the Rebel Fighter ships of the Rebel Army... which, to keep in mind, they doNOTmess around. Also, keep in mind of what sectors you visit... because each one has their own events, enemy ships, and hazards to deal with. Engi Sectors, for example, have ships that are bad to go against if you're particularly fond of using drones and/or missiles, Zoltan Sectors have you, more often than not, dealing with Zoltan Ships that have Super Shields that can't easily be bypassed with teleporters (unless you're on the Advanced Edition which offers a specific bypass augment), Mantis Sectors has you against ships that will try to board and kill off your crew, and so on and so forth.If you're lucky though, you may come across specific events that will help you in unlocking newer ships (which can alternatively be done for each one by beating the game with a specific ship)... which for some is easy to do, and others are easier said than done. Each starting ship that you unlock have different perks, advantages, etc. that can offer a different and unique experience to the game.I'm rambling at this point... so do I recommend this game? Sure, why not. If you like the notorious roguelike genre of games, I'd say go for it... it's worth the money, and you'll likely be spending hours upon hours unlocking each type of ship while taking on the different challenges that the game has to offer... while likely experiencing some frustrating difficulty spikes during gameplay."
76561198157520466,Recommended,212680,30112438,Posted: 22 February,all,Timbuktuu,"Just buy it. Had my doubts, but they have been sucked into a vortex of awesomeness. 27 hours in 3 days. I rarely get this sucked into a game."
,Recommended,212680,9709706,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,if this game is faster than light how come i cant beat it
,Recommended,212680,8588257,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,TwistedLogic,"Best space rogue-like I've played for a long time. It's space... and if something can possibly go wrong, it often will. Full of secrets to unlock, missions to complete and enemies to blow your ship up. This will not be an easy ride."
,Recommended,212680,11183898,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Crazy Alchemy,I picked a Engi vessle and died on my second jump.10 out of 10
76561198013673401,Recommended,212680,12940268,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,trashman,"I don't believe I'm ever going to complete this game, but I'm sure going to have fun trying to.Be Captain Jean-Luc ♥♥♥♥ing Picard: Take control of a spaceship, navigate your way around text-based situations with multiple outcomes, unlock new ships, order your crew members named after your favourite Game Of Thrones characters around, fight in brilliant pausable combat, purchase a bunch of different upgrades from vendors, physically shout ""DIVERT POWER TO SHIELDS,"" weep all night when Ned Stark asphyxiates in your shields room after a pirate punches your 02 room out, and while you're at it, pick up the Captain's Edition mod, which adds a bunch of new stuff, including attackable space stations."
76561198036243131,Recommended,212680,25597396,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Cylindrical,"I have been playing this game for ages now and still haven't beaten or gotten tired of it. It's like building a house of cards each time. Great value. This is the first time I have deliberately tried to find other games by the same devs on steam, unfortunately no other games by Subset on steam at this time. Worth the purchase."
,Recommended,212680,28612602,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HolyHandGrenade,Quick and fun game with a lot of replayability.
,Recommended,212680,17260584,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,ihazcarrot™,A masochism simulator. In space.10/10
,Recommended,212680,26317645,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Proxidius,"The game is extremely difficult, but at the same time, the replayability and new experiance each death brings you softens the anger of the permadeath.The retention aspect of the game is top tier and the whole customization and procedural storytelling adds fantastic replayability. The game is challenging enough to make any casual player hate it though. If you hate Permadeath you will despise this game at moments.Also try playing this with a friend in Skype's Screensharing, it's actually kinda fun."
,Recommended,212680,5564863,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Rushlock,Best game on the market!
,Recommended,212680,15649413,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Oli,fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire fire firespidersded
76561198163151418,Recommended,212680,30694146,Posted: 23 March,all,✪Darkness the masochist,"After spending a few hours on this game I can already wholeheartedly recommend it. It's an indie game, so don't expect great graphics, but what you can expect is gameplay that will blow you away, a great soundtrack and an addiction to playing. You can restart the game countless times and the path will never be the same. Battles are nice and sometimes you have to think twice or even three times what is the best position for the laser, what room to hit, should I kill the crew? et cetera. There are some hidden ways of obtaining new ships or crew so even after hours of playing you will not know or have everything.The game can be hard, or even frustrating at times (even if you know how to play the game), knowing is only half the battle and in this case, thinking is the other.Bottomline, if you are looking for a great singleplayer indie game you won't be disappointed. 10/10"
76561197970005655,Recommended,212680,22640402,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Flower_Bunny,There are a couple of games that I keep installed after I have eat the game. For is one of my go to games. The replay value is huge. If nothing in my game library is calling my attention then I'll fire up front and destroy me some ships.
,Recommended,212680,25758387,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,kellzors,So I have 16.5 hrs on record. I haven't beaten the game. I'm probably never gonna beat the game. Sometimes the RNG punches you in the throat. Most of the time the RNG punches you in the throat. But that's okay because the fun part is trying.
,Recommended,212680,33127746,Posted: 2 July,all,0nir,Got killed by spooky space bugs.10/10 would play again.
76561198066658132,Recommended,212680,29594198,Posted: 30 January,all,Walking Talking Stephen Hawking,Honestly one of the best games out there.
,Recommended,212680,30429083,Posted: 10 March,all,Igzorn,"Great game for boring lectures and other activities that don't actually need your attention.Can (mostly) be played with one hand.Is very relaxing and yet can bring you into flip-the-table-mode in an instant.Great replayability and easy to play, hard to master.Worth the full price: If it's on sale, thengo for it!"
,Recommended,212680,21117972,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,tieio,"Fun and addictive. This is a fairly simple game but it offers a good amount of depth. Customization is somewhat limited but there is enough to keep you coming back to try and make a better build each time. It is quite challengeing, so if you are looking for an easy game, this is not it. Many choices have just terrible consequences that you cannot overcome. If you beat this game on your very first playthrough you are either a liar or beyond fluky."
76561197998880598,Recommended,212680,34856732,Posted: 10 September,all,Halfbreed2000,Game is extreamly additing and challenging.
,Recommended,212680,30866577,Posted: 31 March,all,htolS,Literally like the best singleplayer game ever. Buy this. Just buy it.
76561198046865724,Recommended,212680,15753679,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,B♦rislav ♰,"I'm not a fan of Star Trek or Star Wars, but I still love this game. It's very immersive and it really makes you feel like a captain of a space ship. Each new playthrough is random and full of interesting decision making and different tactics. Every time you restart the game it's a new adventure. Perfect for roleplaying."
76561197962168936,Recommended,212680,7821218,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,00th_Thundersnow,"This game is just pure fun.  It's all randomized, so you can bite it on turn 2.  The sound effects, the music and the game concept is all beautifully interwoven together and combine to make a really addicting game.And this is the first time I've ever used the word ""Interwoven"", AND the first game I've ever recommend with a review.You're Welcome."
,Recommended,212680,10335484,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Duhroo,"You get to play as a space crew of merciless Slugs who annihilate every space cruiser with beam, laser, and missile weapons."
,Recommended,212680,15182161,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Helical,"Don't judge my review from the amount of hours on Steam. I've been playing FTL on the iPad since last year.Here's what I have to say.10 reasons for a 10/101. Dying over and over again, many times is the game. Unless you win the final fight.2. You will see giant alien spiders atleast once in every playthrough.(what I mean is you reach sector 8) Always reject them unless you have a clone bay.3. Ship layout doesn't always guarantee victory(even you Mantis B and Crystal B)4. Unlocking the Crystal ship is like winning the lottery. Match all three encounters and you win the prize.5. The game's soundtrack fits the game's theme perfectly, starting as a calm track; then becoming faster as you get into a fight.6. If you're surviving, you'll die. If you're thriving, you will die. If you're lucky, you'll win.7.  Boarding with 4 mantis/2 crystal & 2 mantis/4 rockmen with fire is extremely fun! Getting boarded, isn't.8. I love how stupidly powerful/stupid/powerful the enemy ships are. I wonder if they fixed the 5 shielded auto ship.9. The euphoria, ecstacy when winning a game will outweigh all of the times you lost before then.10.  Modding is extremely fun. Especially Captain's Edition, ship mods, and graphics mods.Those are ten decent reasons to buy FTL.P.S. ion intruders, ♥♥♥♥ off"
,Recommended,212680,8747238,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Mr. Samsonite,"Good golly, this one's just the best! Aw yeah!"
,Recommended,212680,23975447,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Winter Wolf,"The good: Random, roguelike play, text based rpg aspects, no two games are alike. Unlocks, and varations on how you set up your ships (I don't mean the layouts but after you start) lead to much replayability.The bad: The game does everything it can to make you miserable and or lose. Before the expansion this was also true but not quite so vehemently. The end boss even on easy is impossible for me but apparently some people have solved it. After 64 hours I am giving up on it. Even with Advanced mode off the game is 10x harder than it was. Getting near my scores of several years ago is severely challenging in a bad way. Sometimes it feels like a run through is a complete waste of time.The ugly: What do you want for cheap? The game is too hard for people who aren't willing to dedicate their lives to solving it. I suspect being under 40 years old helps (because lets face it us old folks just aren't as 'smart' as we used to be.) And having the patience of job probably doesn't hurt either. The game has no frills graphics which I like but may be unexciting for those raised on MMOs and fancy gizmos.Overall: There is plenty of fun in it and I would recommend it for anyone who doesn't mind losing. All the time. Where you lose in the game will vary and much of the time it won't seem like you have much control over it. Even if you are great at multitasking and micromanaging the challenges are insurmountable. This is the nature of Rogue's descendents. Even those set in space. Except for the ones that are more 'like-lite' than 'like'.As they say the meaning is in the journey not in the destination so play it and revel in the many fiery deaths you get to experience.Unlocking ships is a mini game that can be fun if you get very lucky. I've managed 4 in 4 years so hey. Advanced edition offers more things to confound, amuse and mystify you. (New races, items, ships, etc)Don't be embarrassed to play on easy and don't forget to look for help because the game is designed to be ultra hard even on the easy mode. (There are people who will need to show their epine by claiming otherwise but ignore them. The truth is you learn in baby steps and die repeatedly, horribly and without mercy. You do get to do pretty mean things to others while doing so, so there is that.)Especially learn what the basics of the game are and then learn the basic 'no nos' because that will get you pretty far. Sector 8 is not hard to get to (though intact may be a different story) once you've managed to get to sector 5 which is not hard to get to once you learn how to get through sectors without being blown randomly. And then you get to learn how to die to the Rebel Flagship. If not in the first battle then in the next or the last. Only the lucky and skillful survive the final battle. I am neither so far."
,Not Recommended,212680,30867412,Posted: 31 March,all,Long Arms,"I wish I could recommend this. It's very fun, hard mode is challenging and putting 450 hours in felt fun. But luck dictates everything. I can miss multiple volleys and then get hit by a missile in an important system, costing me the game. I could get poor events and have no scrap (which already is a problem in hard mode). Balance feels way off. Some ships are just too awful to play (rock a, engi b, stealth c) and some others are just op. At the start it's very boring, but I can deal with it.If the devs made luck not dictate everything with drops, and averaged out misses over every battle (eg if you get hit by 2 missiles in a row, the third one is 2x less likely to hit or something like that) while also making scrap more consistent, I'd recommend it. But when you leave the game to procedural generation, it isn't fun.Hacking is OP, cloaking is OP, missiles are OP for enemies but useless with you, same with burst laser 3, 70% of weapons are unusable 80% of the time and there are few countermeasures to luck.Randomly missing enough shots to guarantee that your volley does not break their shields? Not balanced. If there isn't anything I can do about it, that isn't balanced."
,Recommended,212680,8001078,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,iaspis,"A great spaceship RPG / combat sim with strong strategy elements and an old school feel. The graphics are 2D and a bit basic, but the gameplay will definitely grasp you from the first minutes. Some people are annoyed by the ""permadeath"" feature, but in my opinion, this adds even more to the challenge, as it makes you crave for ""just one more game"" at 02:00 a.m. Highly recommended!"
76561197971466997,Recommended,212680,9738143,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,laserboy,"If you haven't played it, then you should. It's a beautiful little sci-fi indie masterpeice. It's relaxing and challenging, thoughtful, and quite addictive. Oh and the music is amazing to boot. Get this game!"
,Recommended,212680,13179947,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Antishyreenauchneaque,"FTL could have been the ultimate bada.s.s. Star Trek game. The game draws inspiration from this franchise but is not a rip-off at all. It has enough style and lore by itself. I'll be brief: graphics are good, music is too (love how themes change when you enter battle mode - it's the same theme only more tense), story is made up by you - a rouge-like experience where no game session is similar. BUT! One word:gameplay. It is so damn deep and addictive! I loose several hours in a row in it though I don't usually play a video game too long in one session. Battle system is especially awesome. It's of a sheer joy to participate in tactical exchange between two starships: you control systems and subsystems, fix damaged ones, choose the right time to fire different weapons, harass the enemy with combat drones... It feels like gold to break enemy's shields and then cut their hull with laser! FTL got different unique races, augmentations, unlockable ships... Advanced Edition which came out in April of 2014 added to the gameplay a lot - new features, races, updated hud. Hard to believe it was free too. Game is an absolute must-own for sci-fi fans. Everyone else, buy it too!"
76561197972821531,Recommended,212680,12484698,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Who am I?,"this game is so awesome! it looks simple, but is a hell of fun with great ambience and deeply satisfying if you beat the final flagship, even if it´s frustrating at times (if you die there and did all the way for nothing). but you know which mistake caused your failure and you will click ""start"" soon again, because the challenge makes this game such great fun!try it on easy to learn the well designed mechanics and then take your stand on normal or even hard. the replayability is great since you have 10 different ships, almost all of them coming in 3 layouts, which means many hours of cool gameplay. don´t miss out on that gem, because it´s a 10/10 masterpiece! :-)"
,Recommended,212680,6189240,"Posted: 3 October, 2012",all,Kal_wardin,This game is amazing.
76561198018406024,Recommended,212680,24134168,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Casm,"Well, I just picked this game up a few days ago during the 2016 Steam Summer sale for 3 bucks. The first time I loaded it up, by the time I stopped I had over 13 hours played. That's how quickly this game hooked me. I just couldn't put it down. It's not possible to better spend 3 dollars!I didn't beat the game until about 19 hours played (on normal difficulty). I pride myself at being well above average at most video games so when this game posed this much of a challenge for me to beat just the one time, I felt a real sense of accomplishment.For new players thinking of getting this game, you have to understand that this game is very difficult. If you don't want to experience the frustration of dying your way through learning the basics repeatedly, you may want to invest the time to read a few guides, pull up the wiki and/or watch a few Youtube videos giving you some pointers and tips. That being said, I personally refrained from reading/watching any guides myself and while things were frustrating at times, learning the game firsthand this way was an extremely rewarding experience. I just know that not all gamers are like me and I'd hate to see someone quit this amazing game prematurely due to the frustration that learning it can cause.The game is not without fault though. While it's difficulty is one of it's primary attractions, it's also one of it's most apparent weaknesses. There are times this game is so punishing that it borders on the unfair.As good as this game is, great even, it requires a fair amount of luck. IMO, this is a fault. It may be better phrased that you have to avoid being unlucky. What I mean by this is, the game hinges on quite a bit of RNG. This RNG can be the difference between you becoming a Space God or you literally being so weak the game becomes unwinnable. Here's what I mean...Now I'll stipulate that this was fairly early on for me and I was very much still learning, but I played one game where I managed to get far enough into the game without being offered anything in the way of weapon upgrades that I literally could not destroy the enemy ships I was fighting against. With the default arsenal you're provided, it was not possible for me to win. I went through three entire sectors (fairly large chunks of the game) looking for a new weapon and found none. This is what I mean by having to avoid being unlucky, because due to the procedural nature of the game, while this is exceptionally uncommon, it's quite possible for the game to simply not give you the tools to actually win, forcing you to start over. Now while I've had my fair share of unlucky runs, this was the only run where I felt there was literally no chance at all for victory.Otherwise, expect this game to be like other procedural games where you'll have really great runs where the game gives you everything and bad runs where you're struggling to stay afloat. This is not in of itself a bad thing as it becomes very fun and FTL pulls it of beautifully. So beautifully that it becomes quite addicting. Starting a brand-new game and not knowing what wonders are in store for you this time or what horrors are bound to beset you and your crew is just an intoxicating experience that will enchant you from start to finish. And while this game will be frustrating at times, starting over from scratch almost immediately washes away any lingering adverse emotions the previous run may have left as you set out again, confident that during this new run, things are going to be different!"
,Recommended,212680,34998887,Posted: 16 September,all,farlanghn,I have played for 30+ hrs and have never beaten it. But I couldn't recommend it more and I tend to dislike roguelikes. It's not really the point to win but to experience the galaxy you are flying through. You're going to lose and probably unfairly but that's the galaxy we live in. The soundtrack is amazing as well.
,Recommended,212680,9325388,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Kenuty,"Awsome isn't even enough to describe such a gameYou're on a ship trying to escape fleet tracking you, on your journey you'll encounter enemies of all sorts. Its a very popular strategy game for a reason because it is done very well, Well enough that it is unique in its own rights. The price right now is a steal get it and you won't regret it at all. Very very fun.+Indie game ( One of the best)+Addictive Strategy game if not one of the best written one+Replaybility+Catchy tunes+multiple ships and paths+Very hard+More content coming! FREE UPDATE- Not really any story- Wish there was a ton more content- Not easy!"
76561198102287965,Recommended,212680,25259843,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Falconhoof,"I have never played another game that's been quite as immersive as FTL. If you haven't played it, you might dismiss it as some overly complex 2d strategy game that you'll never get the hang of and quit in frustration. Trust me, it's more than that.You assume the role of captain on your very own starship, which you're able to build on and customize as you go. Sounds easy enough, right? Nope. After travelling through beautiful and randomly generated galaxies with your loyal crew, the soundtrack will permeate your soul and appeal to your adventureous side just a tad too much. You'll make a command blunder and lose part or all of your crew who, by this point, feel like family. You'll be lucky to escape with anyone at all. You'll lie awake at night, kicking yourself for your moment of indescretion. You'll run through all the options that you could have taken but failed to do so. Eventually, you'll come to terms with your grief and return to the game to start over. Maybe things will go better for you this time. In time, you'll become a battle-hardened leader with a strategy and a passion for victory.Being a fan of Star Trek, nothing else has better helped me to feel the pressures and uncertainties faced by Kirk and Picard. This game practically generates Star Trek plots for you to tell your friends (and perhaps embellish the truth to make you look like you knew what you were doing facing those Mantis instead of fleeing). This is my favorite game and it's a true masterpiece. I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,212680,13900231,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Idiotslayer,"One of the best Rogue-likes I've ever played.The game is short enough that it doesn't feel overwhelming to get through, there are plenty of unlockables to keep it interesting (10 ships with I believe 28 different layouts between them), and it's challenging enough that every victory is very satisfying.The amazing soundtrack and atmosphere of the game is of course also a plus.I think it's worth a lot more than the $10 it's listed at, so if you can catch it on sale it's an absolute must-buy."
,Recommended,212680,14686716,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Fry The Brain,"Started a new ship using the Red-Tail Questrel Variant.Named the ship Coast to Coast.Named the black human pilot ""Space.""Named the white human engine tech ""Ghost.""Named the Zoltan Weapons Handler ""Moltar.""Named the Mantis Shield Operator ""Zorak.""Began an adventure with the idea that I would be annihilated within the next few systems.Recruited a Rock man named Vincent.Recruited an Engi (I forgot his name.)Upgraded the ships systems starting out with the engines to increase evasion.Upgraded the ships weapons, now using the two mark 1 lasers, on top of 1 Flak Cannon, and 1 Swarm Missile Launcher.Upgraded the Shields to level 3.Bought a backup battery.Have a ship shield recharger on board, as well as a repair arm, and auto weapons loader.Three more systems to go before the big boss battle, and every jump I feel might be our last.10/10 Would deep dive space again into oblivion."
,Recommended,212680,8350715,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Darkshifter98,"A game that honestly looks pretty confusing, but is actually really easy and fun to pick up. Although the tutorial will have you stumble along as you blindly try to remember what each and every little system and sub-system does, once you get started the game becomes really easy to learn.That is, until you really start getting into it.Although at first you may be finding yourself dominating any ship that comes in your path, because of your beautiful, marvelous, non-AI brain, you'll be quickly fighting ships that, if exercise is not cautioned, will ♥♥♥♥ you up. Easy mode is probably what I'd start on first, since normal might as well be called ""No-forgiveness mode"".Despite the difficulty itself, the events and scenarios that the game will throw at you are varied and hard to avoid. Sometimes you'll have to fly through Nebulas where you're sensors will be effected, thus not allowing you to monitor your whole ship (or the enemies), you may think ""How is it a big deal if I can't see inside some parts of my ship?"" Well, smart guy/girl, if the opposing ship hits your ship, and causes a fire, you won't know where it is unless if you have a crew member in the room where the fire started, -OR- the opposing ship could beam its crew onto your ship, and they can go march about within your ship, tearing it apart from the inside and out, all while you fight an enemy spaceship.Speaking of crew, you start out with three crew members, and can get more at any point in the game. They can man various systems to improve their performance, put out fires, fix broken/destroyed systems, and, with a teleporter, can be beamed on the enemy ship to wreck havoc.I could go on about how great this game is, but in short: Go and buy it."
,Recommended,212680,8182483,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cailleach Osraige,"It's hard, but you love it regardless. If Dark Souls decided to ♥♥♥♥ this gay Lordran and take to the stars, you'd get FTL: Faster Than Light.Ever wanted to pilot a Spaceship like the USS Enterprise or Millenium Falcon? Boom, FTL.Want a riveting, engaging, challenging Sci-fi Game? Boom, FTL.Went into an asteroid field without your hull fully intact? Boom, ship gone.But you love it. You can't put it down. You want to try again, and again. You want to be the finest Captain you can be. And damnit you will be."
,Recommended,212680,10784399,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Cor™,"I would highly recommend this to anybody who enjoys a good strategy game. After you learn the basics and all, It can become very, VERY, addicting. The day i bought it i spent 7 hours on it. Overall, Great game IMO. 9/0 would buy again.EDIT: After about another 3 hours, I feel I should add on to the review. The game is difficult and I almost guarantee you will not beat it in your first playthroughs. The goal of the game is to explore different areas of the map as the rebel fleet is chasing you. There are 3 types of the map. Nebulas, Civilian, and Hostile. Nebulas are areas of the map that block out your sensors, disabling you to see in areas of the ship that your crew isn't in. Nebulas will slow down the rebel fleet, but are difficult to traverse. Civilian areas are areas of the map that are mostly poulated by civilians. There are pirates here, so don't be stupid. I find plenty of merchants in this area so it is a good area to restock and repair. Hostile areas are areas mostly controled by hostiles, obviously. You can expect to battle nearly every checkpoint you travel to. Watch your hull, and make sure you repair it whenever you can. I hope this helps. If you have a question either comment on my profile or comment on the review."
,Recommended,212680,9354771,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Den Denovski,"Хороший рогалик, за которым можно провести кучу времени!Вы капитан корабля федерации и вам предстоит добраться до базы федерации(кремля), по пути обвешивая свой крейсер оружием и оснасткой(на подобии 2 Лазер-Вулканов стреляющих раз в секунду или ракетой на 4 урона)...А в конце ваз ждет финальный босс, не буду портить сюрприз)))Вообщем игра хороша, продумана, хардкорна...10/10 IGNUPD--------------Прошло 4 года с ее старта, она однопользовательская, и в нее играют ежедневно от 1000 до 2000 человек, в коловдюти меньше играют! 27 тысяч положительных отзывов. Я думаю это показатель"
,Recommended,212680,31205139,Posted: 17 April,all,insightofland,i will open all airlocks if u don't get off my ship
,Recommended,212680,21284091,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,= SirRabies =,"Oh look. AnotherIndiegame that receivedvery positivereviews, and became superfamous,and received multipleawards,and was credited for anamazing soundtrack,and was covered by overtwenty YouTubers,and grew a massivecult following...Totally not like:Little InfernoUndertaleSuper Meat BoyDarkest DungeonFirewatchRustNaval ActionThe WitnessTerrariaSubnauticaThe EscapistsKerbal Space ProgramKTaNEThe Long DarkDivinity: Original SinDust: An Elysian TailOri and the Blind ForestOxenfreeNeed I go on?Okay, but no joke; this game is awesome. It's basically like 'Oregon Trail in space' mixed with Undertale, mixed with everything you'd want in a game. The battles are so intense too. Love it.You will not regret your purchase."
,Recommended,212680,30923322,Posted: 3 April,all,Bass][e,"★★★★★One of the best games I've played in the last 10 years. Though I don't like Star Trek, I can see how fans of those series can totally dig this. I don't play ithe game as often as it encourages you to, but I do still listen to de amazing soundtrack almost daily.It's a great mix of action, micromanaging, exploration and (ad-hoc) planning. It's deep, engaging, interesting, rewarding but also punishing. This game made a footprint in the gaming industry as you can see the rogue-like aspects (and the managing) everywhere nowadays.It's worth every cent it's asking, no matter if it is the mobile version or the Steam version."
,Recommended,212680,13744382,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rragnaar,"I have yet to find a game as finely balanced as FTL.  370 hours in and I'm still learning new strategies, and still struggling to do well on the game's normal difficulty.  It is rare to find a game that can still surprise me as often as this one does.  Yesterday I had the best ship and crew that I've ever put together, to a point where I was sure I'd breeze through to the end and curbstomp the final ship.  I died hard and fast to a lightweight ship that got the better of me because I decided to turn off my Vulcan canon and teleport over to their ship to finish them off.  I watched my beautiful perfect run fall apart, and saw my ship disintegrate.  My failure was complete.  I started a new game immediately.  I am addicted in the most wonderful way."
,Recommended,212680,9726723,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Rah,"I'm bad at this game, but it's still very fun."
,Recommended,212680,23181279,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,CheapHeat,"It's one of the greatest games of any era, and it has an amazing soundtrack.Timeless"
76561198093187145,Recommended,212680,12956247,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,LegiblePanic,Its a good game and it manages to suck you in despite there not actually being that much content. I wish their was a little more to the game but it is still enjoyable and feels rewarding when you get through the stages.
,Recommended,212680,10244523,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Pikadanchou,so space. very ship. much fun. wow
,Recommended,212680,25596031,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Rigel,After 24 hours I beat the game (on easy).♥♥♥♥ yeah!
76561198040161319,Recommended,212680,32884068,Posted: 27 June,all,Mas,Great game for low price. Great price/hours-of-fun ratio.
76561198025758732,Recommended,212680,3664054,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Saximus,"Before you try this game, here are a couple facts regarding FTL:FTL does not like you. FTL does not want to be your friend. FTL would love nothing more than to push you down the stairs and ruin your perfectly good day and kick you when you're trying to get back up, because that's just what FTL does for fun.The game is basically Oregon Trail in space. Except you also have to defend yourself against enemy spaceships shooting at you, and outrun a gigantic rebel army, and decide what to use your limited scrap pieces for, and deal with your sensors being down in this nebula and oh god the fire is spreading to other rooms in my ship but I can't open the air locks because my oxygen system is damaged and the enemy jammed my weapons where did these intruders come from crap did my pilot just die son of a ♥♥♥♥♥ and I was almost at the exit beacon too"
,Recommended,212680,733671,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,DEZ,"A sort of a spiritual successor to Strange Adventures in Infinite Space,  but more in-depth and compelling.  A very solid game."
76561197960337918,Recommended,212680,21109396,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Farre,"Human mind can barely understand how something so simple as FTL can still be so ingredibly complex and fun. If you are a fan of science fiction series like Star trek: TNG, Babylon 5, Stargate, etc. You will be addicted right away. You really feel like being a captain of your ship and you have to make decisions with the knowledge you have at a time. Things can really turn upside down just after the next FTL-jump.You can't describe the intense you got while playing this game.Tough sacrifices and narrow escapes of certain death are always part of your journey as you carry on the mission. Worthy experience to anyone who is able to learn from mistakes and won't give up easily.edit: nominated for steam awards 2016.10 - Perfect game9 - Excelent game, best of the genre8 - Good game, worth your time7 - Average game, nothing really special6 - Bad game, avoid5 - Painful to play, completely waste of time4 - Failed game, unpayable"
76561197972319866,Recommended,212680,28874185,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Duff,"Great game to play on your laptop during class! No, really don't do that. What I mean to say is I play this game on my laptop everywhere I can take it and not my PC. It has so much fun and variety to it that you can play through 10 times completely different ways. The game was very hard for me at first, but as I got better more options opened up to me. I highly recommend getting this game if you want a fun, addicting game that takes almost no space on your computer."
,Recommended,212680,34874452,Posted: 10 September,all,chink eyes,great indie title with an active modding community. lots of replayability as well
76561197985766627,Recommended,212680,23248589,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Skinny Pete,"This game is simply phenomenal.  Of the roguelike-like space combat simulators, and space combat simulators in general, it stands head and shoulders above the best.  If you like harsh game mechanics that punish the slightest error, and sometimes even proper play, you will love this."
,Recommended,212680,8233247,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Brosky,"I got this game for $0.99 during the Steam Summer Sale and regret nothing.  For being a fairly small indie game, it is highly addictive and challenging.  This game has a lot of gameplay options for a 2D strategy space sim.  It is basically like a 2D version of what Star Citizen is going to become.EDIT: After 3 years, I still enjoy this game."
76561198148659523,Recommended,212680,32906173,Posted: 27 June,all,fireflame159,Good ship management.  I like it...
76561198112312440,Recommended,212680,33213454,Posted: 3 July,all,DBGhasts101,"""Faster Than Light""The speed you'll hit that ""Play"" button again after getting completely destroyed for the billionth time10/10"
76561198147607351,Recommended,212680,14339242,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,BioShrek,"I played it a bit, It was ok"
76561198011734225,Recommended,212680,33757210,Posted: 23 July,all,lost_ronin_soul,"Good game.  It's diffcult even on easy. I put 117.5 hours according to steam. It was all on easy mode and I still die all the time. Challenging, fun, and rewarding. regardless how you play it. I got it on a steam sale at 75% off and was straight value."
,Recommended,212680,30504385,Posted: 14 March,all,Stein_V,"DO YOU WANNA BE SOLO, CAPTAIN MALCOM REYNOLDS OR PICARD?If the answer is no: than you should rethink your life choises.If the answer is yes: Than you should buy it right now! And fly in the verse where you belong!"
76561197973262106,Recommended,212680,24079271,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Silent Falcon,"In short, FTL: Faster Than Light is AMAZING!!! I've spent over 200 hours playing this game, and I don't regret a second of it!On a scale of 1-10 (1 being ""Wait, what!? This game had that?"" and 10 being ""This game redefines perfection."")Replayability: 10          200+ hours, and I'm still unlocking things :-)Graphics: 5                   simple, but effective.Storyline: 3                   basic story arc from start to finish, but everything in-between is randomTactics/Strategy: 10     There is no 1 way to win; your brain is a requirement if you want to go the distance ;-)"
,Recommended,212680,1468213,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,KAZMER,ITS YOUR CHANCEDO YOUR DANCEAT THE SPACE JAMALRIGHT ALRIGHT
,Recommended,212680,11097343,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,5120×2880 @ 109.59hz,"An ever-changing game experience, with random events, numerous hidden storylines, and difficult-to-get unlockables makes the replay value on this game high and mighty. One could spend months, years at a time playing through FTL, and like a snowflake, never run into a repeat. That, coupled with the game's creative and beautiful collection of stories, artwork, and music makes for one of the greatest experiences anyone could hope to witness from even the best of this century's newest games.The undeniable beauty makes the pain of losing bearable... The infinite choices gives you hope that you can avoid it... And the rare but unequaled sensation of self-fulfillment makes it all worth that one extra try.A true masterpiece."
,Recommended,212680,8168566,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,CaPaLity,"SPAAAAACE!!! No seriously, this game rocks asteroids. Adventure, micro-management, combat, strategy, everything is as polished as a Naboo Starfighter. There is a real sense of progression and achievement as you conquer increasingly difficult galaxies while building up the strength of your ship and crew. Combat is smart and relies not only on your current build but also on your ability to adapt your tactics to the current situation. FTL being a rogue-like there is also a bit of luck involved, but I didn't find that frustrating as randomness in FTL creates a sense of tension and helplessness that adds a lot to the atmosphere. All in all, FTL is a great game that's easy to understand but challenging to master and you'll enjoy every last bit of it, slugs, zoltans and all!"
76561197972292762,Recommended,212680,13175542,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,disky,Simply the best game ever made.
76561198094040053,Recommended,212680,11485693,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Ravex007,Really loved it ! Nice little game .
,Recommended,212680,8623078,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Mike,"FTL where to begin it's one of my favorite games of all time. the thing about it is people complain it's hard because of RNG and other means that can't be controlled. people say it's ""too hard"" or ""i wish there was a Legit save feature"" but IT'S A ROUGE TYPE IT'S SUPPOSED TO BE HARD THERE ARE ""RUNS"" NOT SAVES MEANING IT'S MEANT FOR A ONE TIME TRY THEN RESTART.(SIDE-NOTE I'm going to guess that if i go to say the binding of isaac area it will be the same thing about the game being hard) for anyone getting ready  to buy this game look at guides play a little before reading guides some of the guides may invalid here soon because of the update coming up but it's worth looking at the guides. (most of the update seems to be more end game content.) but overall i suggest buying FTL but if you don't like dying over and over without hard saves or luck based events than i woould stray away from this game and other rouge types"
,Recommended,212680,12327963,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,archDuke Baron,It's a good game.
,Recommended,212680,16936124,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,█ ▀█▀,Great replay value.
,Not Recommended,212680,32968377,Posted: 28 June,all,Mellow Cat,"I have mixed feelings about this game. Its creative and easy to pick up and play, with decision based events that make it feel like you really have a say in how things work out for you in the long run. Its a great game with a solid feel to it, and it's very addictive to keep trying with new ships and crew members.My real problem with it is the luck factor it seems to have. Sometimes you can be floating around and find scrap (currency), new weapons, or random new teammates to join you. But the other half of the time its less than ""fun"" events that get dealt to you for no real reason. You could decide a very cautious run and choose to not interact with any distractions that come your way, and still find yourself in a situation where your ship catches fire as a battle starts, or inside a nebula which deactivate all your shields or weapons, or just up against a random encounter enemy that can wipe your ship because its ridiculously overpowered. You could make the best decisions, have a fully upgraded ship with crazy firepower and shields, with a reliable crew, and still get tripped up in a random event that causes something to go downhill simply because the game feels like it. But that's not what really upsets me, I could deal with that stuff if it wasn't for the final boss.The final boss is extremely aggravating, literally one of the worst difficulty spikes in a game i've ever seen. It's a three stage fight against one mega ship that varies its attacks based on which form it's in. After you defeat one of its forms it fully heals itself with no real explanation or signs of getting weaker, as would be assumed of a ship or enemy that you literally blow apart with each encounter, meanwhile your ship doesn't get to be repaired at all. The final form is a super shielded version of the previous two with a ""secret weapon"" that just HAPPENS to be implemented in its last fight. This ""secret weapon"" launches a barrage of lasers which instantly wipe your shields and damage you no matter what. This barrage is used while the boss' other weapons are still in use, and it is activated quite frequently during this fight. This is not how you establish a boss fight, this is a cheap and boring way to make your game seem difficult. Even with a fully upgraded ship with four shields and over 50% evasion I was wiped out without much of a chance. Im not expecting to jump into the fight and crush the boss without any opposition. This fight should be enjoyable and challenging, rather than some ridiculously overpowered means to halt your well deserved conclusion.I think this is a well made game with some well deserved positive reviews and opinions. The music is captivating and enhances the atmosphere amazingly. The variety in gameplay is more than enough to keep you coming back to try the many ships, crew, weapons, and all kinds of combinations it offers. The game is pleasant to look at and gives you a simple layout that doesn't try to complicate things or clutters the screen with text, and isn't intimidating to pick up and try out.But the only thing that forces me to not recommend this game, despite it's genuine potential to be great, really is that final boss and luck factor. If the constant loss from running into a negative situation isn't enough to discourage players, then the final boss constantly crushing you will. I honestly can't count the number of times I made it to that last stage only to be severely punished for trying to earn the ending despite my best efforts time and time again. This game is half skill and half luck. I really wish it wasn't though."
,Recommended,212680,8187674,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,zachattack2046,There is nothing better than watching your enemies suffocate.
,Recommended,212680,24420475,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Poisony,"Probably one of the best space themed roguelikes I've played yet. The spaceship battle system is deep and fun to master, but even that it is just a small fraction of every element (random events, races, weapons, planets...) that keeps this charming exploration together. FTL keeps you hooked each time you start a new game and begin your intergalatic journey to deliver a message to the Federation."
,Recommended,212680,8131823,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,NowhereDan,"One of my favorite games of 2012. With its randomized events and surprisingly deep ship-to-ship combat, somehow it pretty much never gets old. Whether I make it to the end or not, every voyage comes with a story. FTL is one of those games that proves that it's clever and unpredictable gameplay that makes a classic, not fancy graphics."
76561198074311240,Recommended,212680,10679570,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Legitimate President,"opened wrong door, crew died 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,13718542,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,G e T _ R a G e,"FTL is a 2D action strategy set in space, The objective of the game is to build up your ship with better defenses, weapons, systems, crew etc. . .   Making your way through the increasingly difficult levels until you defeat the final boss.The game has lots of content and replayability unlocking new ships for new playthroughs. Every time you play the game it is different from the last, encounters are random and the game ""map"" changes each time.Music in this game is awsome the soundtrack is well made and fits the atmosphere of the game perfectly.Graphics are basic 2D but the art style is good so don't let it put you off.Rage's total score out of ten = 9.5"
76561198030823386,Recommended,212680,8016584,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,comnom,It's good.
,Recommended,212680,9767389,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Olive,"Faster Than Light is a pure amazing game, it challenges you of your trust, and it often leads you with half a ship on fire and your crew camping in the medbay, but in many situations the game is great and urges you to restart, over and over and over and OVER again, but the music is epic. Be wary though, you might spend many hours to get to the flagship with epic weapons and other stuff, THE FLAGSHIP HAS 3 STAGES, OF DOOM 9.99/1"
,Recommended,212680,10701353,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,zorus40k,One of those games you will desperately hate for random encounters but you will return again and again to try your luck again
,Recommended,212680,9760661,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Zeimaster,"Ftl.. is a cruel game.You keep trying and trying to win and when you think ""yeah i got the flagship this time"" you lose.But you cant stop playing it its so good you want to lose and try again mabye safe those civilians you left ford dead last playtrough. or mabye continue trying to get that new ship.You want MORE!"
,Recommended,212680,8170793,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jessictia,55hrs on record...  I think that says a lot. Especially for a game like this. This is not agame you think you would put so much time into...WRONG!!! Once you start playing you keep telling yourself... just one more sector.
76561198029380988,Recommended,212680,9504252,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Sargon,"This game will make you squeal with a plethora of feelings, from exuberance to despair. Love."
,Recommended,212680,10309614,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,[LRR]intoxicatedpineapple,Awesome
,Recommended,212680,20721492,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Cro,"This game is absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ so hard it makes me cry at night wondering what I could have done to save my favorite rockman.100% reccomended, you're missing out if you don't have this"
,Recommended,212680,24318826,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,|N| JiB...,"AHH! This game is incredible. This game was recommended to me by steam during the summer sale and I was like 'Meh, looks pretty boring..'I looked up the best games to play in offline mode (doing some travel) and this game came up over and over so I gave it a shot.wowww.. This game is addictive! Flying was a breeze with this game, my laptop died on both the flight there and back playing haha. Easy to get started, difficult to master. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,25229645,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DAGGS,"What an awesome game!When you start it for the first time it's a little confusing, you don't know what the systems do, what you tripulation is good for, what the best upgrades are and how to spend your money smartly.Your first 2 to 3 hours will be spend learning all this, and dying, you will die alright, you will die a thousand times in a thousand different ways.You´ll get so close to finishing the game, and you´ll scream every time the final boss will destroy you for a very small miscaculation.Finally after putting more than 20 hours I can finish the game most times I try, and every time is different and challenging, everytime I unlock new ships and things to do.I recommend starting with the regular edition and getting to the special edition features after the first time you can finish the game.In short, the game is super well designed, dying in space has never been so fun!"
76561198085021473,Recommended,212680,28199587,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,razmat01,"Prepare for your childhood fantasies of being a sci-fi character zooming through space, yelling at your first mate to get your engines back on buy this game.If you want intense but controllable gameplay, where you always feel in charge, with the fear of perma death but knowing if you do die it was all your fault, with the satisfaction when you do achieve your victory, buy this game.If you want beautiful and fitting graphics along with one of the best sound tracks from any video game youve ever played, buy this game!An amazing game with amazing developers who obviously have put a lot of time and care into this game."
76561198007607100,Recommended,212680,2455851,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Rhonda,"This highly addictive spaceship- and crewmanagement simulation puts you in a spaceship captain's seat. Your goal is to deliver vital information to Federation's HQ passing eight more or less hostile sectors. You will micromanage your crew, adjust powersupply to your various systems, fend off boarding parties, put out fires,... while desperately waiting for your FTL-Drive to charge. Always one jump ahead of the rebel fleet pursuing you and permadeath (no save and load beside a save and quit) waiting in the next sector."
,Recommended,212680,19706561,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Dage Cot,"Great soundtrack, simple and fun yet still requires some thought. Moddable and may cause a lot of fustration."
,Recommended,212680,8988472,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Strict Popcorn,"Let me just start this review by saying that you can't go wrong with an indie game like this one.GraphicsEvery single one of these elements will not be altered by mods, I'll leave that for my mods segemnt towards the end of this review. The graphics of FTL are simple yet extravagent, the game itself is simple, the UI is easy to understand and learn, and the different backgrounds/planets and stars all have their unique characteristics and look absolutely lovely. This game is simplistic, so I can't really take points off of it for having simple textures, it's meant to be that way.GameplayOkay so first off this is a difficult lil game to learn in it's own respects, you have to master the art of pressing the spacebar (pause) before and after every show you take, and every shot your opponent takes. If you don't, well you'll end up losing crew members (which some crew members could take the entire length of the adventure to level up, and a loss like that is devestating to your progress). The best tip I can give you is to prepare to press the number keys (for your weapon systems) and the spacebar (for pausing the game) quite often as that will help you plan your strategy of attack a lot easier than not doing so in the first place. Obviously, I didn't pay attention to the tips or numbers above every panel in the game so it took me a while to realize I could use hotkeys, which made the game a lot more difficult than it should've been for me when first starting to play.StoryThis game doesn't have much of a story, you're the captain of your own warship that gets sent on a mission to find a stronghold. Along the way you encounter ships and planets/asteroid fields and even colonies that try to brutally murder you and your crew within mere seconds of jumping into orbit. Your objective is to get to the end, with a powerful crew, upgraded subsystems and the weaponry to destroy the final boss (which is really, really difficult if you're unprepared). Overall it's an adventurious lil game and very, very addicting. You'll be racing to speedrun and beat highscores for hours if you get lucky enough to find good weapons along your journey.Mod SupportFinally right? This is one of the most amazing parts of FTL as literally every part of this game can be altered through modifications that the developers even asked the community to make. From the story, where you can make finite decisions, endless journies and even completely different campaigns and stories such as Infinite Space. To the graphic overhauls where you get new backgrounds and visual elements from mods like Better Backgrounds and Planets to a mod like Crew Diversity that allows you to have multiple crew members with different visual looks and personalities. Here's the list of all working mods at this very moment, I recommend starting off with Captain's Edition and seeing how you like it from there, as the base game was stupendous but the mods make it into a gem of an adventure.SummarySo in total, I've spent countless hours on this game and on experiencing the diffrent ways of playing through it, although the Infinite Space mod has no real ending other than you either becoming so overpowered that you literally cannot die, or you dying within your first two sectors, it's still lovely. I'd recommend that you buy this game because it's an adventure, it's a simple pleasure and it's enjoyable yet addictive. For a cheap pricetag, I managed to snag it for $2 through a steam sale a few years back. Obviously worth it, since I put so many hours into it and so much time into this review. Go buy it, it's worth it. Overall, a solid 9/10 from my perspective, if you were able to learn the UI elements more simply (before the tutorial was introduced, because that's when I started playing. Yes, all the way back in 2013, I believe) and able to learn how to maneuver through combat, then I'd give it a perfect 10/10."
76561198032227036,Recommended,212680,25582334,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,LegendMD,"This is what makes up a good game. The strategy involved and the amount of times you will be defeated will give you a sense of satisfied frusteration. You will be proud of yourself for making the right moves, one after another. Then let the frusteration set in when you make that one mistake, die, and have to begin all over again."
76561198061493090,Recommended,212680,9649829,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Jungleclover,"Really good game, If you like pretending you are the leader of a star trek space ship travelling throughout the galaxy!Update coming soon, with loads of new free content!!!Would play again 9.5/10"
,Recommended,212680,9654788,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Ra66it,"I love this game, very difficult at times but always fun"
,Recommended,212680,15130074,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,A Freaking_Box?,one of the best games ive played.
,Recommended,212680,18388754,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Wrath,"This is one of the most unexpectedly wonderful games that I’ve encountered recently. It’s a rogue-like starship with a basic objective: destroy the rebel flagship and pick up as many supplies and resources on your way there as you can to help you do it.The most wonderful part of this game is that you can control all of the nifty little features that a typical space ship game should have that never does. Example: There is a fire in your weapons room. You can order your crew out of the weapons room and into another one and then use the individual door controls to vent atmosphere out of the weapons room to snuff out the fire, close the doors, repressurize and then it’s business as normal. (same tactic also works for boarding parties). That’s just a tiny little feature, but it’s stuff like that which make it feel like it’s actually your ship and you have a range of options on how to deal with situations you run into. If you want extra power on your shields or engines or weapons or sensors or door controls, you can actually assign your crew there to enhance the system in a pinch or build their skills for significant aids for the big battle.Missile, beams, burst lasers, hacking, boarding parties, mind control, drones and automated boarding bots, med bays, clone bays, mines, etc. etc. The game has a host of systems and every play is unique, not only based on what your starting ship is, but the things you will encounter and what things you will pick up and the crew you will find. There’s disorienting nebulae, ion pulse suns, solar flares, asteroid fields and more. You can choose where you want to go in order to scavenge supplies and try to delay the rebel fleet. Some strategies may be to your advantage, others may not. It’s up to you and RNGesus.Probably the biggest thing to note about this game is that it’s short – like really short. It’s not meant to be a 125 hour campaign (hello Crusader Kings II), it’s meant to be an old fashioned evening board game. Consequently, it typically takes only 2-3 hours to do a playthrough, regardless of whether you win or lose. Personally, I think this works to the game’s advantage. Because you do get to remember your crew and what their skills are, the weapons you pick up, and a general attachment to your ship, but not overly so that you cannot stand losing it and won’t ever pick the game up again. You should feel good about how far you came and that you did well even if you lose and look forward to trying a different strategy next time or just rolling the dice again and seeing what you encounter next time. You will most likely get to see the rebel flagship on most playthroughs on most ships, and whether you win or lose at that point is up to your achievements. It’s far more fun just to get there."
76561198035342800,Recommended,212680,10098937,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Nish,10/10 recommended
76561198062830341,Recommended,212680,33405920,Posted: 9 July,all,He who not like banana,AMAZING
76561198155779410,Recommended,212680,22668681,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Zarross,its a very unique game and its so addicting i like it alot
76561198085559157,Recommended,212680,22387527,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,MutatedPixel,"I get bored with games very easily. However, I have not gotten bored with this one yet. There are so many ships to unlock, achievements to be gotten, and best of all, the game changes each time you play. Many people say this game relies on luck, and it does, but I like that. It means that there is no strategy that is guaranteed to work each time, which makes it harder, but a lot more fun. This is not a game you play twice and win. You can play hundreds of times and might still not win, but it's not the winning that's fun. It's finding that perfect weapon for your build, that teleporter just when you need it, unlocking a new ship. I could go on and on. This is a very hard game, and it's very unforgiving, but winning isn't what makes this game fun. Its the journey."
76561198018603011,Recommended,212680,29324613,Posted: 17 January,all,Xistance,After a couple of days I could easily beat the vanilla release of this game. They then added the new content and everything changed.
,Recommended,212680,8660099,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,TGBear,Fantastic game. Great soundtrack and is challenging enough to keep you coming back for more. I hope they add extra content in the near future
76561198077585955,Recommended,212680,11160868,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Spectra Star,"now. Some poeple might not know that there is a Mod out there Called Captain's edition. Best mod ever. when FTL was Updated to Advanced Edition it added new stuff for everything. i mean, Comon. it is crazy good. I mean 33 New Enemies to Fight. Tons of new weapons and drones. Battle stations which don't move. New colors for Crew. all ships start with new weapons reather than the old ones. New Augments. Even a Trade System YES! i plan to make another one soon to just help poeple with everything about FTL. and I Love the Rebel Ships. Orange and Cyan are great. that is all. the mod has to be Downloaded but in all of FTL, i have my own oppinons on the ships. I mean the Slug Cruiser Type B, The Stormwalker has the Flaw with the Medbay not being on the ship. and well my fellow viewers who ever you Might be, be sure to check me out on the Profile and friend me. Oh and PS. My Group needs some help in poeple because we just lost 2 members. that is all and GO Rebels!"
76561198028031053,Recommended,212680,15708770,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Zedek,"Laconic Review:FTL: Faster Than Light is a perfect recipe for an addictive game. Its deceptive simplicity is betrayed by the room for strategy and tactics. This coupled with its rapid difficulty climb makes it absolutely engrossing. Its replayability is unquestionably high thanks to the game’s heavy use of RNG and its Oregon Trail-esque scenarios which can make a particular run easy or end it then and there. The game creates a retro vibe with its charming pixel art style and a very fitting soundtrack that definitely deserves to be sold on its own.9/10P.S.NEVER SEND IN CREW TO HELP WITH GIANT ALIEN SPIDERS ITNEVERWORKS OUTFull Review:FTL: Faster Than Light is another edition to the ever growing rogue-lite genre. Affectionately reffered to as “Oregon Trail in Space,” FTL is about making your way across a galaxy to deliver vital information about enemy rebels to The Federation. Along this trip you must equip yourself with weapons, fight enemy ships, and make Oregon Trail esque decision that can either lead to great rewards or have your best crew member be eaten by a giant alien spiders.The combat in FTL can be described as “semi-turn based.” Weapons require time to charge up before firing, however different weapons take different amounts of time to charge making it so weapons go off at set intervals but not strictly in turns. You can also target specific systems of the enemy ship to fire on in order to minimize damage taken and maximize damage dealt. For example, a common tactic is to use missiles, which ignore shields, to take out the shield system so that you may use your rapid fire laser weapons to take out their weapon system.There are 4 different weapon types: Laser, Beam, Missile, and Ion, each which have their own merits and disadvantages allowing a wide array of strategy to be used. However arming yourself and manfighting any ship that comes your way isn’t your only option. Along your trip in FTL you will come across stores which can sell you new crew members, weapons, ship augments, and ship systems for scrap you collect by defeating ships or as rewards for random scenarios. One possible system you can arm yourself with is a Drone Control system, which allows you to let drone AI do all the fighting for you while you can just focus on defense. Another system you can get is the Crew Teleport system which you use to send your most combat effective crewmembers onto the enemy ship. This allows you to defeat the enemy without destroying the ship which yields more scrap and has a chance to get you a new weapon, drone schematic, or ship augment.As this is a rogue-lite game, FTL makes extensive use of RNG. For example, you must make your way through 8 “sectors,” each sector has a procedurally generated star map with around 20 beacons each. The content and pattern of the beacons vary wildly with the only real guarantee being that you can make it from the starting point to the exit beacon that takes you to the next sector. Moreover, sectors are randomly made into one of three types, hostile, civilian, and nebula, each with their own race specific subtype. The sector type determines what is sold in stores, the likelihood of certain outcomes for scenarios, the types of enemies you face, and sector exclusive scenarios. While you can only go through 8 sectors in the game, the map will you give you multiple paths to choose from so you are not at the total mercy of RNG.FTL further elaborates its rogue-lite elements with its replayability. In fact the only overall progress possible in this game is unlocking new ships to start with. You unlock these ships by getting achievements, completing specific quests, and beating the game repeatedly. However the achievements required to unlock ships are seldom easy. The quests needed to unlock ships usually require you to make a few specific decisions across multiple scenarios while praying that RNG is with you. Not only that, beating the game is very difficult, as you advance across sectors enemy ships become better equipped to the point that making it to Sector 8 is a feat on its own. Then there’s what awaits at Sector 8, the Rebel Flagship, an enemy so strong it makes all other before it seem like shieldless auto-scouts.FTL has an almost retro feel thanks to its pixel art graphics. While not necessarily impressive, it works. It’s the closest thing FTL has as a weak point but in a way that only serves as a deterrent for those who wouldn’t be able to enjoy the gameplay to begin with. The graphics are complimented with the atmospheric chiptune soundrack. A soundtrack which definitely deserves to be sold on its own.Personally, I have a strong affinity towards roguelike and rogue-lite games and FTL is no exception. The way that doing the same thing in certain scenarios doesn’t always yield the same result across playthroughs can be both exciting and incredibly frustrating. Likewise the placement of stores and the frequency of difficult enemies can make me want to destroy my computer. But that’s just part of the challenge and what makes this game addictive. But remember, never try to send in crew to help with giant alien spiders"
,Recommended,212680,9114118,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Skyguy420,Very fun but extreamly hard! Perfect combo to make you go insane!
76561198040145283,Recommended,212680,21262476,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Doctor Salt,Taught me not to fight giant alien spidersThey are no joke10/10
,Recommended,212680,9324078,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,cyborgmarxism,Best Kickstarter-funded game ever made.
,Recommended,212680,9327779,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,NZtankman,This is an incredible little game.  Worth every cent you pay for it.  There's nothing on the market like it and I love running my ship.  This game even runs on my netbook that sports a 1.6ghz Atom processor and runs on Ubuntu Linux.  I've yet to beat the game but have spent countless times trying different ship configurations and you unlock more ships as you go.
76561198058135852,Recommended,212680,26417756,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,rc,Simple but with a lot of depth. Even after many hours I still have room for improvement which is uncommon for such a small game. Eventually I might even win on Normal difficulty. If you want to blow up space ships and get eaten by giant spiders this is 10/10 the game for you.
,Recommended,212680,22455318,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Mr. Sir Shpee,"Addictive, difficult roguelike that is simple to understand, but very hard to master. Lots of ships with different abilities are available to unlock, giving you options to be a tank, a glass cannon, etc. Would highly recommend from what I've played of it.p.s. there is no shame in playing on Easy for a while"
76561198065769855,Recommended,212680,22611735,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,gone with the cold winds,SO ♥♥♥♥ING GOOD
,Recommended,212680,30413412,Posted: 9 March,all,doctor_net,"First time i opened this game, i deleted it in 5 minutes. My friend pursuaded me to give it another try. Can't stop loving it since then.p.s. Don't get tricked by its simple graphics and plot. it's an amazing little thing with deep gameplay."
,Recommended,212680,11760405,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Lt. Slayer,Easy mode = HardNormal mode = Extremely HardNew Hard Mode = You'll Die on the first sector.
76561198000833566,Recommended,212680,8549706,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Soviet Jesus,"Random generation of the maps allow for nearly infite replayability. To me this is what games should be, solid game mechanics on top of flexible levels allowing you to play what makes the game fun over and over. At times you can feel invincible tearing through easy encouters, only to make a bad warp and have your game crumble in front of you. Other times you'll feel like you're barely outrunning the rebel menace and finding salvation through a lucky jump to some great ship parts. This game is not for people who like to know what is always coming, but I personally love how it always leaves me questioning if I am making the right decision.Buy this game if you like strategic thinking in an uncertain world."
,Recommended,212680,9346875,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,westbrook,"This cruel rougelike will test you to your very limits. A small mistake will cost you big here, although there are many things you cannot control. A lot of this game has RNG aspects, causing some very frustrating situations (I'm looking at you, giant alien spiders!). This game is insanely difficult, and there is no doubt that all players have raged at some point. There are many difficult situations to be made at times. An example of this is what to spend your precious scrap on. A single mistake can cost you big time, and can often result in the death of a crewmember or a loss entirely.In spite of this, this game is a blast to play, and it is very satisfying to hear the sound of a hull breach in an enemy ship or to destroy a ship. There are many different alien races that all have different advantages and disadvantages to them. For example, Rockmen have increased health but move much more slowly. There are many different ships that can be unlocked, with entirely different play styles.I have passed 20 hours of playtime at the time of writing, yet I've barely scratched the surface of this outstanding game. Unless you get angry REALLY easily, it would be idiotic not to pick up this game NOW."
76561198040713588,Recommended,212680,4681698,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,TheHean,"I highly recommend FTL. It's a game that you can save and quite within a few minutes notice, but when you come back you are immidiatly immersed in the game play. I could barely believe I had already played over 7 hrs of it. as a bus rider, I like a game that is highly entertaing and deep, but can be saved at a moments notice so I can jum off the bus. Aditionally the permanance of death in this game makes the stakes super high. It is upsetting to loose crew members you have been working with for a long period of time, which is a testiment to how it emotionally bring you into the world of FTL."
76561198045110627,Recommended,212680,8641789,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mr. Shinjun | New Laptop + Mouse,It's like Skyrim but with Aliens.
,Recommended,212680,30659437,Posted: 21 March,all,[IFN] Kade [SMOD],Very good game...should make it multiplayer somehow!!
76561198083397120,Recommended,212680,29059312,Posted: 6 January,all,BigFishPappy,"If this game were a meme, it would be a dank meme"
,Recommended,212680,12170037,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Flipocrite,"FTLis one of the finest roguelikes in gaming history, complete with a unique art style and captivating soundtrack. You start out with the most basic equipment, but you'll bulk up your ship from a massive selection of weapons, augments, drones, upgrades, systems/subsystems, and crew. It requires a bit of micromanagement and planning, but the element of roguelike luck keeps you on your toes so you never become too attached to one particular strategy.""Missiles seem to be working well for me, but what if I run out?""""Do I spend scrap on upgrading my blast doors, or risk being boarded by the Mantis or Rock?""And above all,""How much do I like burning things?""With bombs, missiles, laser shots, laser beams, and flak weapons (which may cause hull, system, crew, breach, stun, ion, or fire damage while faring differently against shields, improved engines, cloaking, and defense drones), no full playthrough will ever be remotely the same, and you'll never want it to be."
,Recommended,212680,11385367,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Z_Man_115,An exclent statagy game with extremely high replayability its extremely hard untill you have at least 20+ hr in the game. Then you start unlocking cool ships and geting better runs through the star system. Practice and time is required to be invested in the game to really be good. Overall a nice paced game and well made with one of the best sound tracks I have ever heard. 9.5/10
,Recommended,212680,9753215,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Tsuken,It hurts so good.
,Recommended,212680,9326291,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Howar31,簡單卻很有趣的策略遊戲，管理船艦設施並克服在宇宙中碰到的各種狀況與問題Simple but interesting strategy game.  Manage your ship facilities and conquer various situations encounter in the space.
,Recommended,212680,20025320,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Manberry Sauce,I punched my keyboard and got mad after losing to /arbitrary reasons/ after a couple hours. Then I smoked a cigarette and came back for a second helping.
76561197970649200,Recommended,212680,442656,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,danpaladin,"Tough and challenging, death is permanent.  But, fun once you get a few unlocks going."
,Recommended,212680,15408207,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,NameNoMatter,"Nonserious review: OH GOD EVERYTHING IS BURNING PLEASE HELP ME OH GOD THE OXYGEN IS GONE WAIT DON'T BLOW US UP PLE- *explosions form a 9/10*Serious review = the rest of thisFTL is a space ship game in which you are the captain of a space ship trying to save the galaxy (universe?) from the Rebels, as you are playing the Federation. It is an extremely brutal game, which is good, because while excessive brutality is bad, I'd rather have that then have excessive hand-holding. As a review would do, pros and cons and neutrals will come next.PROS:Extreme difficulty, but not unfair difficulty. This game is very, very, VERY hard to actually win, in fact, in 26 hours, I have only won ONE TIME. Most of the times you lose, it is because you forgot to do something essential, such as repair the doors, put out the fire in the oxygen room before letting out all of the oxygen to put out the other fires, putting out fires, upgrading, etceteraA plethora (wow, who uses that word anymore?) of weapons. You got good weapons, bad weapons, pew pew weapons, BWEEE weapons, PCHEW weapons, VWABABA weapons, and more (in order, good weapons, bad weapons, laser weapons, beam weapons, explosive weapons, teleporting weapons)All the replayability ever. I can 100% guarantee that you will NEVER play the same run twice. Sometimes you'll get the GLAIVE BEAM OF DEATH, sometimes you will get the basic laser of OH GOD WE CAN'T PENETRATE THEIR SHIELDS, and sometimes you'll get both of them and then you can actually do somethingSo many unlockables. There are I believe 10 or 11 ships, maybe only 8, I really don't remember. Every ship has 3 types of that ship you can unlock except for 1 or 2 of them, plus they all have 2 ways of unlocking them, except for 3 of them, and one of them is one you start withMusic. The music is absolutely amazing. That is allNEUTRALSThere are noneNEGATIVESUuuuuuuuuuuuh... I can't think of any. And that is a good thing!All in all, this game is amazing and addictive, and I give it a 9/10. Why not a 10/10 even though I couldn't think of any negatives? BECAUSE THE GAME REFUSES TO GIVE ME THE GLAIVE BEAM! OH GOD GAME NO I'M SORRY FOR YELLING PLEASE NO DON'T SET THE OXYGEN SUPPLY ON FIRE OH GOD IS THAT A MANTIS BOMBER I'M SORR-"
,Recommended,212680,7474904,"Posted: 25 October, 2013",all,Dorgarr,"As any Faster-Than-Light Travel will be appear as travelling backwards through time, could I reach the end of the game before starting it?I'll just have to play it some more... For science."
76561198030788488,Recommended,212680,14508807,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Cracktus Jack,"FTL: Faster Than Light – Avanced Editionis a space tactical adventure game. Travel across a series of star systems, surviving friendly or deadly encounters along your way, upgrading your equipment and accomplishing various quests. But time runs short as you are pursued by the rebel fleet, and only by making it to the last system quickly enough do you stand any chance of saving the Federation.Pros: This game has plenty of replayability. You have series of systems to fly through, and in each case a selection of branching paths, making each playthrough different. There is a bunch of accomplishments that unlock alternative ship designs. You can select your crew, depending on your starting ship species, from people you save, make deal for slaves of hire people on space stations, and your crew will get experienced in whatever they are tasked at doing. You have a limited amount of upgrades you can add to your ship, making where you apply these upgrades a critical decision on the type and quantity of equipment you can have and use.Cons: I've said it before, but retro graphics just aren't my thing, and I'll leave it at that. The game doesn't allow you enough time to explore as much as you'd like to, as time is always a factor and you just have so many warp points you can travel to before you're caught up by the enemy fleet. Rooms are all pre-assigned, so you can't chose where to install your systems when you upgrade your ship: there's a pre-determined room in which it goes no matter what your defense strategy in case of boarding may be.Verdict: ★★★☆☆ - It's up to youIf you don't mind the graphics (or even enjoy them) and enjoy a simplified rogue-like challenge, this game may be for you. It's exactly what it's advertising to be, so if the game seems interesting to you, it probably will be.—————————————————————————This was just my opinion.If you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up, and feel free to check out more of my (purely opinionated)reviews."
,Recommended,212680,30425290,Posted: 10 March,all,POWERFUL CAPTAIN,Interesting.
,Recommended,212680,10063618,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Randomorph,"FTL is an amazing game. The strategy involved is wonderful, and as you never know what you will get on any given run, (like any roguelike) you have to adapt on the fly.This game will kill you. A lot. It is not for the faint of heart, or light of patience. But that first time you beat the game with a ship feels like absolute Nirvana.The systems are wonderful, from cloaking to shields, you have to carefully plan what you will upgrade or purchase, but they give so much diversity in what you can do to win. Hack an enemy's Oxygen and watch their crew slowly suffocate. Blast them to pieces after a jump with rockets and lasers using a preigniter. Destroy their med bay, and teleport on board with giant space insects to butcher their crew. Activate cloaking to avoid a barrage of missiles and lasers. Light their ship on fire with fire bombs and cackle maniacally as they burn.All things aside, this is a great game to burn a few (hundred) hours on. Buy it. Do it now."
,Recommended,212680,7919237,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Rooskey,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a beauty. With an aura of adventure and strategy so other games cannot have, this is one of my favorite games. The game's balancing is excellent. The unlockable ships are not more powerful than the starter ship; it all depends on skill and play strategies. This game can weed out the unfit by having them rage quit because of the game's difficulty, but those who are in that crowd-myself included- can enter the Easy Mode which is less of a challenge. The permadeath experience causes you to mourn a crewmember's loss in two ways more than most games; Not only do you care about them, like in most games, but you also rebuke yourself for your foolishness if it is your fault and begin freaking out a bit when your ship starts failing. And the fealing of panic is spot-on. If there's a hull breach, then another, then six fires, you start panicking. This leads me to the excellent feature of the pause button. You can plan your attacks, repairs, and defenses. For those players who want more of a hardcore experience, you can test your skills without a pause button. The risks of death in random events are high, making you want to take part in less; this is a good feature as well. The overall experience of the game makes this incredible. The satisfaction of unlocking a new ship is incredible. The difficulty of a fire or a hull breach in your ship makes the experience even better. The difficulty and yet rewards in boarding parties is amazing as well. Everything in this game can be decided by a single variable in anything. If you have enemy boarders on your Engi ship, you're a bit screwed, but if the enemy has Human crew and you attack them with the Mantis, there is a lot less struggle. This game... Is incredible."
76561197990516946,Recommended,212680,7759234,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Badjoe,"FTL is a game about managing the crew of your spaceship as you explore and fight your way through to the rebel flagship. Managing your available crew and resources such as fuel and scrap is an important gameplay element. Plan ahead so that you can make it to the next repair-station and re-stock on fuel, but at the same time taking the gamble to buy a powerful weapon or upgrading your ship might be more beneficial in the end, if you get that far that is.The game is very difficult, and at first it will feel as if the games randomness screws you over repeatedly, but learn from your mistakes, and defating the final boss is a very rewarding experience.There are multiple ways to bypass your enemies, some are strictly combat oriented while others are event based and you get a choice whether to attack or not. Combat is also fairly diverse with many different types of weapons systems such as lasers, drones or why not just straight up board the enemy ship, which earns you more resources and possibly crewmembers as well.Multiple ships and crewmembers that all come with special abilities gives this game alot of replayability, though most of the ships have to be earned by finishing certain encounters that rely on alot of things happening in a certain order.The soundtrack is diverse and it is nice how the music seamlessly switches from a calmer exploration to the more agressive combat music as you engage enemy ships.The graphics style is also really nice, with a spirite based style of graphics that is very pleasing to look at.All in all FTL is a nice experience, though you will probably be frustrated with it a few times as you get no repair stations and slowly die with that awesome weapon you found early."
,Recommended,212680,10861398,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Galac,You get a space ship. You build up its specs. You get lucky and after 10hrs you beat the game on easy.
,Recommended,212680,10093456,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,KillerManDan,Reallly good game if you like strategy and relaxing games that you can play while doing other things.
76561198040139605,Recommended,212680,8598239,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Millermacs™,"FTL is a great strategy game that constantly makes me rage quit, but I always seem to come back to play it some more.  It shows how easily you can lose everything, but I suppose thats the fun of it."
,Recommended,212680,9738744,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Tweezix,"Fun, but challenging.  Don't play if you want to relax.  Play if you want to feel awesome."
,Recommended,212680,8266161,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ObviouslySam,"It's like a cool cat, but it is not a cat"
76561198032052135,Recommended,212680,24589139,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,SpiroAgnewTR,"This is my first roguelike, and I love it. With a game this unforgiving, my decisions feel like they have real weight and I find myself agonizing over the fates of my crew. Try as I might, I can't bring myself to be the calculating tyrant, I just want my guys to get through this thing in one piece! To me, that's a big success for a game. It also helps that no matter how many times I play it, I can't beat it.10/10 would get♥♥♥♥♥kicked again"
,Recommended,212680,2746429,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Duffie#9164 [Discord],Play the god damn game.  It is loads of fun.
,Recommended,212680,9150899,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dextro,"FTL is a great indie strategy game with awesome and well thought out game mechanics. This game can be pretty challenging at times, but it is very rewarding. Plus, it’s always new and unpredictable due to the randomly generated levels. This game could use a little extra content to spice things up because after about five hours of gameplay, you've probably experienced almost everything there is to see. Overall, I give FTL an 8/10."
,Recommended,212680,7614689,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,vynle,Yo spaceships are tight.
,Recommended,212680,1290598,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Chade,This is the best indie game I've tried on Steam so far. Good stuff!
,Recommended,212680,5834011,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Draco Blaze,Really makes you rethink helping strangers in deep space.
76561198105025333,Recommended,212680,7803402,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MurderSquid,"I downloaded this game at 7:30 pm on the Wednesday, started playing, when I looked at the clock again it was 2:50am Thursday morning. Turning this game on is like going to the casino: When you win it's the best feeling ever but when you lose... you walk away defeated and lie about how bad your loses were to your wife."
76561197970999495,Recommended,212680,8567129,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Mr coma,"Play this way to much, alot of fun but can get hard at times. But I love to grading has you go along, and yet at times you can have a ton of credits but not find a store or the item you really need. Am over 200hrs of game play and still keep coming back. I did unlock all the ship but for some reason, may because I have reinstalled windows a fews times, I need to unlock again. Yet another reason to go back to playing it : )."
76561197987893710,Recommended,212680,8258090,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[ONE]Gruuler,"An amazingly simple game that provides a depth of options, FTL is a game I highly recommend.  If your like me, an aspiring ship commander, you'll end up sinking dozens of hours into this game without even realizing it!  Not only that, but next year an expansion will be released for the game for free, adding lots of new ships and a new race.  Get it now while it's on sale, it is definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,212680,11481543,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Harambe'sDankDickerino,"This is an incredible game that melds strategy, quick thinking, and pure awesomeness. On top of the wonderful gameplay and interesting inovations, the music is just downright incredible."
76561197971258487,Recommended,212680,7767149,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Pfymbourg,"FTL: Faster Than Light is the charming indie game you’ve never heard about. Or if you have heard about it, count your lucky stars. FTL has the feel of an instant classic and brings back everything you love about old games: humble yet lovely graphics, whimsical music, satisfying gameplay, and a dash of storytelling.In FTL, you play a sole ship escaping to the safety of the Federation. Since the game is a space strategy game (see roguelike), you will be using your wits to survive lest you be blasted into animated space debris. If you like strategy games, or even open-ended RPGs, you cannot go wrong with FTL. As long as you can appreciate the retro graphics, the game will reward you with surprising depth and atmosphere. Space. It’s awesome.Gameplay is where FTL delivers and micromanaging your ship is just as fluid as piloting a Nesasio Stealth Cruiser. You can open and close doors to prevent intruders or fire, send your crew to repair vital systems (or face certain death), toggle the power to your shields, and so on. A variety of ship upgrades and crew selection create choices that actually matter to the player. Outfitting your ship is complex and can be the difference between making it to the next solar system or not. Ship battles are extremely satisfying. At first, I would fire my weapons as soon as they became available. It wasn’t until my fourth run that I learned to time my lasers to break through defenses. That’s how FTL is — learning the layers of gameplay. It might seem a bit daunting at first, but the charming atmosphere will lure you in and you will be pleasantly surprised as you learn more and more.I doubt I’m the only one to have Malcolm Reynolds pilot my ship and Tali’Zorah as my trusty engineer. It’s easy to become attached to your crew, made up of certain species with their own advantages and disadvantages. Which makes it that much harder when you accidentally send them into room with the airlock open (sorry!). The playable races range from quick-repairing Engi, vicious Mantis, to well-rounded, of course, Humans. While the actual story of the game is light, the lack never detracts from the feel of the adventure. Since the solar map is randomly generated, your crew will face different dangers each play through. Still, the scenarios will eventually be familiar and may even become monotonous. But by then, you’ve already had too much fun to care.As for the music, it is nothing short of a retro masterpiece. The soundtrack is even sold on Steam. Bleeps and bloops bring out the charming space atmosphere and will play in your head even when you’re not playing the game. Rarely has a soundtrack fitted a game as perfectly as in FTL.Unlockables provide substantial replay value. New ships are the main rewards and each ship has a different playstyle. The Slug Cruiser relies on taking out the enemy crew and the Zoltan Cruiser has the protection of a unique shield. A slight drawback to the game is a lack of DLC, which is weird to say since many games suffer from too much DLC.You will die. You will die a lot. The “Normal” mode should really be called Death. Yet even when losing FTL is satisfying and not many games can pull that off. You have a sense of “maybe if I did this next time, things will go smoother” and space runs are quick enough that you won’t regret starting over. Do you have a hipster friend who tells you games are too easy these days? Yeah, right. FTL, enough said.So like most strategy games, the most satisfying part is using a mix of brains and luck to overcome a particularly difficult situation. FTL is a master of creating those scenarios. Your ship will be on its last leg, limping just ahead of the Rebels with your crew fighting Rockmen while slowly suffocating from lack of oxygen. Oh, and your ship is on fire. What will you do? Whatever you have to do to survive.Tip: Never fight alien spiders. Never!"
,Recommended,212680,8439773,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,stiriaque,"This game is lots of fun. Hard yes, but lots of fun. Lovers of space games like Kerbal Space Program, Star Trek, and Star Wars will love this game!"
,Recommended,212680,10620769,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MovingToCharlie,จำลองขับยานอวกาศ รายละเอียดในเกมมากมาย แต่ไม่เหมาะกับคนที่เกลียดการrandom เพราะเกมนี้ทุกอย่างrandomใส่เรา มีแค่ตอนบังคับยานเท่านั้นที่จะวางแผน
76561198072672174,Recommended,212680,14070582,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,ob124,Best ever don't help people simulator.10/10 would play again
,Recommended,212680,10842128,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Paddy,"Day 3 : I can't stop playing, this game has taken possesion of my freewill. I need help, anyone, please. I must destroy the flagship.Graphics : 7/10 perfect little sprites :DAudio : 10/10 easily the most refined part of the game.Gameplay : 10/10, this is just too addictive.Replayability : 11/10, never mind replayability, I still haven't killed that damned flagship. 17 hours in.After 24 hours, I defeated the Flagship. On easy. Damn I'm bad at this."
76561198064357600,Recommended,212680,15548565,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,70's Detective Bear,"-crew killed by pirates-crew killed by fire-crew killed by asphyxiation-crew killed by asphyxiation again-crew killed by asphyxiation yet again-crew killed by asphyxiati... HOLY S%&!... this is hard (that's what she said)all in all fun, the visuals of the game actually remind me of a little game called Bik A Space Adventure; however that is where the similarities stop. This game is incredibly difficult and is one of the few games you should not be ashamed to play on easy. The concept is that you basically run a space ship that is carrying important information for The Federation/Universal gov thingy ,,, besides the point, the idea is that you cross various sectors of galaxies with your crew fighting space pirates, various aliens, rebels, etc... On your journey you will die a lot, and if you think ""oh I'll only die a few times"" or ""couldn't be that bad"" YOU ARE WRONG! You will die repeatedly in bizzare ways and other ways that make you believe that there is some malevolent god laughing at your feable attempts. However this should not diture casuals such as myself away from this game; it may be difficult, yet is still a blast for those less ""rouge like"" inclined because dying is half the fun and most of the battle. Any who I reccomend to pick this bad boy up on sale and join me in the serial  killer like process of almost systematically sufficating your crew.Best asphxyation sim out there 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,8413731,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,brit700,"FTL is an addictive, challenging game with fun RPG elements and surprisingly deep strategy.The difficulty level has an amazing balance to it that most ""roguelike"" games fail at - VERY tough at first while you learn the mechanics then quickly settles down to a sweet spot of constant tension and challenge but never frustration. Each playthrough becomes a narrative of highs and lows as crewmembers die, new ones join, your ship takes a beating, you get it repaired, you run from a nasty fight, you gain a new weapon, etc etc until your ultimate success or demise.Replayability of the game is high with various ships to unlock, lots of weapons to find, different strategies to try out and of course the random generation of a new galaxy each run.The game is 90+/100 for me, missing only steam achievements and leaderboards to take it higher. Highly recommend to any fan of strategy or RPG games."
,Recommended,212680,7741865,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ianuarius,"FTL: Faster Than Light is an indie game where you control a space ship crew running from a rebel fleet, trying to upgrade your ship and make your way your home before it’s too late. I liked the role reversal of a typical sci-fi plot here. This time it’s the rebels who really have the upper hand. It is an interesting game, and after you get the gist of it, also really fun and engaging for a while. It’s not a very long game but it relays heavily on the replay value. I must have started this game closer to 20 times before finally beating it. I unlocked some new ship types and can see how some people might really enjoy those but for me the game had already given everything I cared about. The atmosphere is really good and there are a lot of cool things you can do in space. The game also really makes you think some strategies and how you want to spend your money etc. I would almost call this a more interesting version of Solitaire. Sometimes you get good cards and can play the game through. Sometimes you just crash and burn after a while. It’s good fun and a solid indie title."
,Recommended,212680,8134285,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[Mz] Canyew,"I have wasted so much time on this game.... Playing this game makes you realise how abusive, cruel, nasty and random space can be. And to be rather honest, it's a blast to play. Every death you face, may it be one crew member or your entire ship makes you a better captain, and each time you die, the more you want to play and beat the game. This game will treat you like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you will come back asking for more after every SINGLE DEATH.I couldn't recommend this game more. It's also my top game I give out to people as gifts for the holidays"
76561198077020469,Recommended,212680,13990765,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,eshugrue34,a good 250 hours or so beat  bose on med difficalty
76561198044872252,Recommended,212680,8495696,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Casidia (Sauce),"Very fun times for the whole faimly. FTL more like Funner Than Lips,"
76561198053877292,Recommended,212680,5672503,"Posted: 4 November, 2012",all,BanditCorp,"need it, want it, gotta have it."
,Recommended,212680,9112879,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,ShadowR_,"My god... this game has ruined my life. I hate this game so much, and I love this game so much. If you don't like challenges, don't buy this game. If you don't like to lose, don't buy this game. You. Will. Lose. So. Much. I LOVE a good challenge and I don't mind losing, so it's not a problem for me. Some people may look at this game and think ""Feh, looks easy."" You were saying? Yeah, there's an easy mode, BUT IT'S NOT EASY. I played 2 days of non-stop FTL of just trying to get to the final boss. When I finally got there, he munched me right up and spat me back out in about 3 seconds. Nontheless, I eventually beat him twice, but still. This game's a real challenge. Buy it now, captain your starship, save the Federation. Oh, and lose about 60 bajillion times.My ratings:Plot: 10/10 (It's random event results based, every time you jump to a new area a text based event comes up and the outcome changes every time, so you may gain a crew member one time and lose a crew member to the exact same scenario another time)Controls/HUD: 8/10 (Very easy to figure out where everything is and what is what, hotkeys don't make much sense without reconfiguration)Graphics: 10/10 (pixel-y graphics = win)Challenge: ∞/10 (Self-explanatory?)Total: ∞ + 28/40BUY THE GAME!"
,Recommended,212680,10078340,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Vinnie,"This next-gen game should be the first thing on your christmas list. In this revolutionary take on sci-fi racing games, you speed alongside fellow spacemen in an attempt to break the universal speed record. In FTL, you play as a member of the Federaceion racers, and duke it out with the evil ""Red-Bulls""TM on your way to defeat the tremendous ""Red-Bull Fastship""TM. With an immense number of levels and a wonderfully designed AI opposition, you could say this game made my heart beat faster than light."
,Recommended,212680,707965,"Posted: 11 October, 2012",all,Jon Rando,"This game is sort of a roguelike set in space.  You start with a ship, some crew members and a mission, get to sector 8 and defeat the Rebels.  While it's graphics and mechanics are deceptively simple, there is a lot of subtle depth to the game.You will die alot (like any good roguelike).  Luck certainly plays a role in your play through and you can't always count on a specific strategy.   Sometimes you'll just have to work with what is dealt to you.  There will be moments of complete rage and elation.All in all, I have probably logged more hours into this game than most.  I've beat it on normal numerous times now.  But I still feel the urge to fire it up and roll the dice one more time.EDIT:The free Advanced Edition expansion just made the game even more awesome with even more strategies and toys available now."
,Recommended,212680,30288972,Posted: 2 March,all,LA_quan,"I've seen this game being played on Twitch for some time. I never really knew too much about it. I just passed it off as another indie game. But, after only 2 hours (the first 30 minutes really) I can say I am throughly impressed. It's quite addicting. I sat down to play a quick game. I looked up and two hours went by just like that. I can honestly say that I quite like this game."
,Recommended,212680,32240409,Posted: 7 June,all,Whistling Arrow,"An enemy ship jumped away with half my crew onboard. Gotta say, 10/10. Love this game."
,Recommended,212680,20882144,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Jarnbjorn,"Personally I feel this game should be in every single persons library. It is honestly my favourite game on Steam. FTL is a top down 2D 'Better haul butt because the nasty Rebel scum are chasing me across the galaxy' game. I'll try get straight to the point about why you should acquire this masterpiece of a game.Pros:-Toaster friendly. Literally I have yet to find anyone who has said they cannot run it.-PLENTY of ships to try unlock in the Vanilla version. Even when you have unlocked them you can still replay them and you could have a completely different experience.-The ability to rename your crew members is vital for determining who you secretly want to die so you can replace them.-Multiple species even in Vanilla.Mantis are basically intergalactic raptors from Jurassic Park who'll mess up you/your enemies day.Rockmen are your trusty tank.Engi's are the kid you'd sit next to in school to get the answers from.Zoltans always brighten up your day (Play it to get the pun)Humans die quick...good.Slugmen. Imagine Professor X from the X Men but in a 5/6 foot tall Slug body. Known to end sentences with 'ssssss'.Lanius..my favourite. Metal-lusting monsters who take your breath away..literally.-In game achievements.-The game is actually funny, the dialogue can be intriguing, stressful or just so crudely fun all at the same time. I've been playing this game for over a year and i'm still finding new jokes and texts that I hadn't seen before.-My Rockman is bigger than yours.-Micromanagement. Weapons, Crew positions, Hacking, Teleporting, Mind Control, Drone Control, Cloaking and diverting power..all (in theory) can be done in a fraction of a second meaning you can stomp your enemies with tactics and basically the ability to adapt to any situation.Bonus Pro:-Mods. Sick of getting caught by the Rebels? There's a completely free mod that will disable them from chasing you so you can explore every jump in a solar system. There are also extra campaign mods, overhauls, new ships..the list is endless.Just to be fair, here are what I'd consider its only flaws.Cons:-No saves. Doesn't personally bother me but be warned, if you die. You die. Then it's all the way back to the start.-Some will find it boring, clearly those are Rebels in disguise.-No steam achievements. Again, doesn't bother me but for those who are achievement hunting this isn't the game for you.-Singleplayer only. I get why it is, the micro-management would only work for one person but a part of me does long for a multiplayer.-Don't trust the Slugs.-STAY. AWAY. FROM. SPACE. SPIDERS.Not to be one of those people, but this game is a 10/10 and no, it has nothing to do with the giant Mantis that's standing behind me...send help."
76561197993771670,Recommended,212680,1493848,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,108 minutes in-orbit,"Become a captain of one from nine available spaceships. Each time unique adventure with different events, enemies and quests. To infinite and beyond!"
,Recommended,212680,25908082,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Dr Robby C ESKWAYA . JPG,"This game is fantastic and has a massive amount of replay value. It more or less has created a genre that many other games try to mimic. If you enjoy space games, building and upgrading ships, a range of weapon and ship types/styles, challenging 2d strategic battles, you will love this game. A masterpiece!"
,Recommended,212680,26045869,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,NaU.Uberjannie,"I blew up repeatedly.Love this game, but I do feel that it is too random and not much skill. Sure you have to be somewhat skilled to finish the game, but you have to find the traders selling essential gear in order to finish the last boss. If you don't find these traders or find them when you are broke, you have almost certainly already failed the run."
76561198082069507,Recommended,212680,14576802,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,starwarclon,the game is hard but funps can they make it fast as light (FAL) it a little to fastover it a good game8/10  litte to fast
76561198116225120,Recommended,212680,14952039,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,SirWheatley,"Excellent game with lots of replayability. AMAZING SOUNDTRACK. Good graphics, and, overall It's a good challenge every time. Definitely worth your money even at full price."
,Recommended,212680,10218788,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Quatih,Awesome game!
76561198091529169,Recommended,212680,27931731,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BANANA Space DR,"My absolute favorite game. Great mechanics and interactions with the characters as well as how different equipment can affect the other. Fantastic soundtrack. Name your crew, trust me you'll get attached to them. My friends and I would take turns being the captain and controlling the ship while we flew through space making our own rules and decisions. Sometimes even throwing each other in the brig. 10/10 would play forever."
,Recommended,212680,7302643,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,Senppuu,"Very entertaining and luck based game, you control a ship and it's crew and your mission is to... make a badass ship and kill everyone who messes with you. I recommend that you start on easy so you can unlock all the cool vessels and understand the game better. Overall, a great game to have a few hours of fun and the fact that you can pause while engaging enemy ships so you can find the best course of action makes it even more relaxing ."
76561198018598876,Recommended,212680,7876819,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Nikkor Lass,Mad Sick
,Recommended,212680,10272959,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,JC,"I hate this game so much for it's difficulty, but I love it so much at the same time. I keep on coming back for more no matter what happens."
,Recommended,212680,5371249,"Posted: 23 January, 2013",all,Ruz,"If you've ever wanted a game where you can end up frantically scrambling to rally your crewmen to fight off invaders while dealing with the fact that the sun you're too near keeps throwing off solar flares while dealing with the fact that you really really need to shoot down that ship that's sending all those drones at you, this is that game.And if you didn't want that before, your only possible excuse is that you never thought of it, so you should want it now."
,Recommended,212680,26795912,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Squiddie,"FTL: Faster than Light took a while for me to actually purchase, I've always heard stories about it and seen several videos. But once I finally got my hands on it, I couldn't let FTL go.It's one of these games I have difficulties with even on easy, and I always come back to this game.FTL is definately on my top 10, I greatly recommend it to anyone interested in sci-fi."
,Recommended,212680,7665522,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Gabeux,"Faster Than Light is a must-have for tactical genre fans, and also those who likes the terms ""crew management"" and ""spaceship management"".In FTL, you are a runaway Galactic Federation ship carrying critical information that must escape the evil Rebels and reach the allied Federation fleet some sectors away.It features a top-down view, and battles are fought in real-time but can be paused using spacebar, to issue orders analyze the situation.You can upgrade the ship's modules using scrap acquired from destroying or capturing enemy ships, as well rewards from random events that happens once you arrive at a new point in space.There's shops in which you can buy equipment, crew, fuel and ammunition.The crew management is simple: there are ship consoles for each ship system module, and a console manned by one of your crew provides bonus to it's module - 25% in shields regeneration, for instance.Different races have different traits. For example: while the Humans are generic (blah, HUmans), the Mantis have a nice bonus on Close Quarters Combat - the ultimate boarders.During the battles, you can choose which room of the enemy ship your weapons should hit. Weapons vary from lasers to different kinds of missiles, bombs, cannons and also drones with different uses (repair, defense, attack, etc).Late in the game you can also equip yourself with Teleport and Cloaking modules, enabling you to invade and eliminate the enemy ship's crew using the teleport, and render yourself invisible for a few seconds using the cloak, being invulnerable to enemy targeting.And don't forget about the subsystems: Sensors, Medbay and your Doors!Leaving them broken will let your enemy run around freely inside your ship, enabling them do destroy your Oxygen system to suffocate your crew into Permadeath (yes - crew Permadeath and savegame Permadeath)!9/10, the only thing FTL doesn't provide is a continous-play mode (aka sandbox), but that doesn't affect the amazing piece of gaming art the developers delivered at all."
,Recommended,212680,10840497,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CS-,Punishingly addictive. Challenging in game achievements and randomised outcomes. Start playing it on easy until you finish it a couple of times before jumping up to normal. 7/10
,Recommended,212680,33525441,Posted: 13 July,all,LeFtNuToFfUrY',"Incredible game, I recommend it to anyone.  It is insanely difficult to complete, but the learning experience is very fun and rewarding."
,Recommended,212680,9105740,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Tactical Spork,The most fun you can have while cleansing the galaxy of Rebel Scum.
76561198083914249,Recommended,212680,33466172,Posted: 11 July,all,bananakin,Perfect game doesnt exis... oh wait 10/10
,Recommended,212680,8967881,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Sesekriri,ITS AMAZING... spent all winter break playing it.
,Recommended,212680,26975046,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Scorch,The best rogue like.
76561198106218604,Recommended,212680,21272216,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,the_real_johnbob,"Lt Bowie's log: 3265 (Status: Bowie's in Space)It's been five years and 6 complete sectors now, surely we must be close to our goal. The Federation outpost's signal's weak on my radar screen, it must still be pretty far out man (note to self: get crew to boost the HMS Starman's nipple antennae).From finding life on mars back in Sector 1 and seeing all the stars in between, where are we now?An advanced slaver ship orbiting a blackstar has hailed us demanding one of our own be offered up to them as cargo. Bit ironic for it being Valentine's Day. The captain's arrogant enough to claim he's ""the man who sold the world"" habitating on sector 5. First Engineer Alan Rickman tells me our engines are strong enough to pull away immediately without any confrontation. In my mind that means they're also strong enough to dodge, and between my piloting skills and Alan's skill on the engines only a few shots should hit us. Alan's golden years have only made him stronger.Weapons Officer Lemmy has gotten so skilled with his metal that they'll be facing a constant barrage of lasers, ions and missiles - it'll be rock & roll suicide on their part. The mantis called Charlie we picked up back in Sector 2 can keep the shields recharging faster than I've ever seen, and for a mantis he's pretty great with a spanner if the system's hit as well. And plenty more than one boarder's faced his claws before. Our other guy, Brian from Sector 3 is still doing ok, but still a bit of an absolute beginner. We've been through plenty of changes, and we're all the stronger for it. Let's hope their ship goes ashes to ashes before we take a hit.Our hull's in critical condition, but despite our opponent's advanced ship this shouldn't last long...Let's Dance.David's Space Oddity continues... (or does it?)"
76561198069591158,Recommended,212680,33959675,Posted: 1 August,all,Blue,"Despite grueling defeat after grueling defeat, this game manages to bring me back to it. The intensity of each fight, the stress of trying to keep your ship and crew alive while destroying the opposing one, its all so thrilling. For $9.99, its a steal."
,Recommended,212680,30023717,Posted: 18 February,all,Baphomet,"A lone federation ship must pass through a gauntlet of hostile alien space systems in the brutally difficult roguelike sci-fi adventure FTL. Just like its namesake, you must navigate each system by making faster-than-light jumps between locations and discovering new worlds and challenges all while fleeing a rapidly advancing rebel fleet while carrying the secret of how to defeat its most fearsome weapon: the rebel flagship.Gameplay in FTL is simple and straightforward. You can move crew from room to room in your ship, leaving them at stations like pilot, engine, and shields to boost the efficiency of those systems. Attacks are all performed by clicking weapons and then clicking on the enemy ship on the right side of the screen. Power management is also a big part of the game with reactor energy being scarce at times and requiring you to juggle allocation to specific systems when needed. Occasionally enemies will also teleport into your ship (something you can also do) and you will have to move crew around to fight or flee.This game is both really forgiving and also really unforgiving as far as roguelikes go. For example, if the rebel fleet does actually catch up to you, you have a chance to escape and it’s not an immediate game over. Having specific species of crew or ship systems will often give you blue dialogue options which are guaranteed to be successful. On the other hand, the RNG can be downright brutal and some runs will be doomed to failure if you cannot accrue the necessary weapons and systems to face the final boss. Certain ship configurations, such as the stealth ship, are especially vulnerable to bad RNG and will require many a restart before you finally get the right mix.Despite its crazy high difficulty, FTL is really fun and you’ll likely find yourself spending hours and hours trying to win without even realizing it until you check your clock and notice you’ve spent half a day flying around in space."
,Recommended,212680,9811000,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,the duke of cool,ftl gives me uber toats hard on
76561198070877914,Recommended,212680,27286387,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,CoolSwedish,"After 80 hours i unlocked all ships, now im going for all achievements in all difficulties. always replayable."
,Recommended,212680,26811820,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Naranja,Giant alien spiders are no joke.
,Recommended,212680,35855,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,He Who Wears Pants,"It keeps bringing you back for more, if only out of a combination of spite, frustration and a burning desire for revenge."
,Recommended,212680,8998406,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,BossGalaga,"A Roguelike!  In Space!  With Lasers!  And catchy music that doesn't ingratiate!ProTip:  If a pirate gives you the option to choose your death, don't pick oxygen.  Unless, you've got some hardcore weaponry you'll probably die before you can destroy him.  Take your chances and pick something else instead.  You'll probably still die though."
,Recommended,212680,20281835,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Pariah Zero,"Surprising amount of fun; this game proves you don't need he most amazing graphics, or even main plot to have a game I keep playing. If I had a dime for every time I've killed my crew in this game, I could buy several other game that I wouldn't enjoy nearly as much."
,Recommended,212680,675271,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,jmomo,"This game is glorious, but can be difficult and punishing. On your first play, your ship is probably going to be destroyed, your entire crew is going to die, and you just don't know how you are supposed to survive the harsh realities of intergalactic space travel.Be sure to do easy mode the first few play-throughs while you figure how it works. Normal difficulty is really hard and you will probably starve for resources somewhere around sector five or six.I initially thought this game did not have much replayability, but I was wrong. Playing with the different ships and configurations can be a real challenge and encourages different play styles."
,Recommended,212680,9876152,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Fray Bentos,"By far one of my most favourite games on here. This game combines tactics, luck and the Final Boss to challenge you and replay. Its replayability comes into play when youve lost and you realise you can just start again, no frustration required. This game takes you on a journey through 8 sectors where your quest is to gather materials and upgrade your ship in preparation of fighting the Rebel Flagship, and along the way you are plunged into problem solving situations for greater or less/unexpected rewards, achievements and new ship layouts.The Advanced Edition Expansion has made the game even more greater than it already was (if that exists). The features included are things like new systems and subsystems , new weapons , new race, Type C ship layouts and even a ""hard"" difficulty and other miscellaneous additions. This has added a new twist to the gameplay and a new reason for ""fed up"" players (somehow) to begin playing it again. But regular old FTL still remains with just the click of button.£6.99 GBP / $9.99 USD / €9.99 / 249 rublesHaving played nearly/already 100 hours , for me its a must buy."
76561197982591044,Recommended,212680,9153413,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Bacon Train,"This is a game about little space dudes trying to save their space empire from the evil space rebels, only to find that they run out of missiles on some dumb automated scout who's shields are too tough for their burst laser II to get through. So then they're sitting there waiting for their FTL drive to charge so they can jump away, hoping that their own shields hold, when the automated scout gets a missile through and hits their cockpit. So now their FTL is delayed, and the cockpit is on fire, and the mantis that was piloting the ship is trying his darnedest to put out the fire that's slowly killing him (but you know that giant space mantis has a hard time holding a fire extinguisher, so he'll die before the fire goes out). So the guy at weapons control heads to the cockpit to help, but since he's a rock dude he takes 15 years to get there. And while he's on his way, the mantis has had to leave before being cooked, heading to the med bay.So now the fire is spreading, entirely engulfing the cockpit and the hallway outside of it. The mantis, upon reaching the med bay, is surprised to find that it's not working because power has been routed from it to supply the weapons systems. So they reroute power to the med bay, taking it from the O2 supply. But don't worry, they'll bring that back up before everyone suffocates, hopefully.The rock dude has finally made it to the cockpit and is stomping out the fire, when another missile hits the shield generator and the shields go offline. Right as the shields go down, a halberd beam rips across the ship, hitting mostly empty rooms, but causing the automated warning sirens to alert the crew that hull integrity is down to 50%. Immediately, the remaining crew abandon their posts and rush to the shield room to get them back online. All of a sudden, the internal view screens go dark as the sensors are knocked offline by another missile.The crew is panicking now. The rock dude, having finally put out the fire, is starting repairs on the navigational systems (though the crew still wonders how a large humanoid rock man can fix a computer terminal by simply hitting it, but hey, whatever works). Repairs to the shields are around 50%, so they come partially online, stopping the halberd beam. The automated drone, knowing no sympathy (or any emotion for that fact), continues it's relentless assault. Missiles continue to hit the ship, some tearing holes in the hull, others starting more fires. The rock dude makes his final repairs and brings navigation back online. It's only got another minute or so before it resolves the jump trajectory, but the crew isn't sure if they have that long.Another explosion and siren sounds, this time signaling hull integrity at 25%. The shields are now fully online, and the mantis is back at the helm. There seems to be a shred of hope after all. The rock dude heads off to the sensor room to figure that mess out. Explosions continue to rock the ship; another missile strike to the shields (bringing them back down), and another halberd beam across the weapons systems. No shields, no weapons, and the only human on the crew is pretty sure that if she sneezes the whole ship will break apart.This is when the crew realizes that they never brought the O2 back online. They try to route power to it, but the O2 control was hit by a missile and is offline. And the room is on fire, along with a good portion of the rest of the ship. The crew will never know this though, because the sensors are still offline (the rock dude is sill on his way). No oxygen, an unrelenting missile barrage, and the heat from the out of control fire sap the rest of the hope from the crew. Will they make it?Probably not. But one thing is certain; they'll try again. And again. And again. Each journey a new adventure, a new story to be told. And maybe they'll get through to the end, to warn their friends in the space empire about the impending doom they all face.Or maybe they'll have all their doors open when the door control is hit by a missile and all the oxygen rushed into space. That'll happen at least once too."
,Recommended,212680,9794706,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,LODS-OF-EMONE,Amazing. No other words can describe it.
76561198016688643,Recommended,212680,14800051,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MOB,"Hard af...but worth the pain and the headaches, FTL is one of the best games i have in my library, i love it...Gorgeous little game...9999/10"
,Recommended,212680,8132419,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,paraguay,Buy this if you want to be a spaceman. Everyone wants to be a spaceman.pewpewpew
,Recommended,212680,15932802,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Skaidrojumi,"Uuuugh! That's the best word to describe this game!You know those games you get addicted to even though they frustrate you soooo much?!?! Well that's my review of it, cuz despite being so addicting it is sooo frustrating! And seriously, that final boss is impossible!"
76561197998355213,Recommended,212680,7993270,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,anarchist cat owner,"133 hours and i still havent finished it! I will keep trying though! To begin ship selection is restricted to a single vessel but once they're all unlocked through in-game events there is a great selection, each catering to different playstyles.Combat is fast and unforgiving especially if your enemy has an advantage over your craft at that time. Having a level 3 teleporter and 4 mantis boarding crew with stars means nothing if the enemy is a probe with no atmosphere on board. Good micro-management during combat is vital and incredibly satisfying when you pull it off. Fires break out, systems go down and hull breaches appear all of which require crew to manage. There are also environmental factors to consider, like solar flares igniting fires or asteroid fields wrecking your shields.Upgrading your ship is easy and there is so many different upgrades you will be experimenting for a while. Different ships start out with different systems and new systems can be installed in shops throughout the game using the in-game currency: scrap.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212680,8641177,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,jjjakey,EVERYONE'S DEAD.Get used to saying it.
76561198006727628,Recommended,212680,13858631,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Yarf,"In this game you have the ability to name your crew members. I always name my starting three crewmembers Joey, Nick, and Jake after me and my two brothers. Jake always dies by sector 4. ALWAYS. First it's him getting left behind on a space station full of cannibals, then him getting sniped by an anti-bio beam on his way to the med-bay, and even him just dying because I left him in a part of the ship with no oxygen for too long. RIP Jake."
76561198059187966,Recommended,212680,22206586,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Kroq-Gar,"Captains Log: Day 32.Location: Sector 5.I witnessed the finest men and women the Federation has ever enlisted be gunned down in mere minutes by these THINGS.The only reason I'm still alive is because Staff Sergeant Seabiscuit stayed behind to keep the oxygen levels on just long enough for me to reach the bridge and seal it.I can hear them screaming outside, those bugbrained freaks laughing and hissing as my crew are torn to pieces.Corporal Cornsitter, damnit, he just turned 19 and was excercising his bragging rights just an hour ago since the brass decided he was fit for ""Specialized Engine Duty"". Poor kid.And Maggie.. Sweet Maggie.Why did you stay in the engine room in the middle of a god damned ion storm..We'd have given you a proper send off but there was nothing left of her to send anywhere.I don't have much time, they're cutting through the welds!If anyone finds this, please, don't ~-Captain Khorvak, of the Federation Blockade Runner; BoatyMcBoatface[10/10]"
,Recommended,212680,849565,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,tcookc,roguelike space travel simulation-rpg. I could play this game every day...and I may. We'll see.+ satisfyingly frantic multitasking+ great design and sound+ writing is of an unnecessarily high quality+/- strangely addictivescore = 5/5
76561198070654412,Recommended,212680,9837719,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Wasabi,"This is a awesome game with the DLC added to it free, pick it up, well worth getting!"
,Recommended,212680,9894194,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,[LoR]StarRaid,"(spoilers may be in this review) This game is worth every penny. if you like Rogue-like Si-Fi Strategy games, this is for you. it's cheap price is just the beggining of this awesome game, with 9 unlockable ships and a randomly generated universe every new game. You are carying vital info to defeat a rebelion in which you need to keep up against otherwise they will thrash you. you have to get to sector 8 and defeat the boss to unlock another ship or complete quests that sometimes unlock other ships, but then you do it again, and again, and again, untill you have all the ships..... but not class B or C, so then you have to complete achievments! semingly endless gameplay, so overall, definately reccomended. if you have the money, GET THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,212680,9328447,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Swan2745,HIGHLY recommend
76561198052383399,Recommended,212680,21863846,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,The Spanish Inquisition,Masochism simulator 2012
76561198070075906,Recommended,212680,22636652,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Scalpotron5000,awsome game!
76561198091324040,Recommended,212680,8620321,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,JamesG,"A highly addicting game! After 28 hours play I've finally ""won"" on easy, but still have 5 ships to unlock as well as alternative layouts on 2 I have got. A lot more play time waiting for me then.The graphics are simple, but the game is deep and immersive, with plenty of options and strategic depth. There's a lot to learn from playing (and dying) and lots to explore."
,Recommended,212680,11498356,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Legendary Neurotoxin,"If you don't own this game, you are missing out. FTL is a true gem of a game, something playable by people of all skill levels, with enough challenge and replayability to provide hundreds of hours of gameplay.My ONLY complains is the lack of consistency. I get a surrender offer for 6 fuel, 4 missiles, and 15 scrap..... I kill the crew leaving the ship intact, and there's 1 fuel 1 drone part, and 30 scrap. And various other events where RNG rewards create weird situations. THE only complaint. Everything else about the game is pure gold, and this one factor is very minimal but noticible. If you are offered a good surrender, take it, the kill or freely scavenging rewards may not be as good.Other than that, best of luck and have fun! The FTLgame reddit is pretty active too, so visit there if you want to learn more or have awesome stories to share!"
76561197972357771,Recommended,212680,10944797,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Z Question,"Games such as FTL: Faster Than Light have been few and far between.  A proper rougelike, you never know what will happen during a run, and short of a proper ship layout, some luck, and a high level of skill, you probably won't get far often.However, like any good roguelike, FTL isn't about winning everytime.  Too many games nowadays have no consequence for death.  This is all well and good in some ways, but we need more games like this one to make us genuinely try.As for the gameplay itself, I couldn't be more satisfied.  A mix of real-time and something like turn-based gameplay (you can pause the action at any time and set up what will happen next) give you the time to react to a situation as you see fit, but how you react and how it is timed is essential.  Will your weapon charge and fire, knocking out theirs before they can fire back; or should you aim instead at their shield room to make certain that your future volleys get through?  Will draining the oxygen from the engine room put out the fire before they are destroyed; or should you risk your men in the blazing room to put it out and keep that engine running?  Is that heavily guarded ship worth it, or should you sneak past?Enjoy your runs in FTL.  My advice?  Avoid giant spiders."
,Recommended,212680,11884123,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Macho,"There came a time when I finally beat the flagship and with 20% of my hull keeping my me alive. But then , just then , that flagship ran away like a little girl and so because all of the repair stations were invaded by rebels, i chased that ship and that was the dumbest decision I have ever made in my life. 10/10 filled with lasers and ships that can give you the nostalgic feel of being a spaceship captain"
,Recommended,212680,175330,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,c00lizz,"FTL Faster Than Light is a rogue-like with the added twist of being set in space and based around ship management. The gameplay involves you mainly micromanaging your spaceship and crew as you travel through a number of random encounters trying to reach the other side of the map so you can deliver a warning to your rebel headquarters and defeat the final boss.FTL is a game that relies heavily on it's difficulty, being much shorter than your average rouge-like. You manage a number of fairly limited resources as you slowly improve your ship and crew. You gather fuel, missiles and money and hope for new and better weapons and drones as your crew members gain experience in whatever field they are working.It is a well made game and one I'm happily recommending but it's also a game that has some rather annoying limitations.Your ship has very little customization options which makes repeat playthroughs somewhat dull, an unusual trait for a rouge-like. Choosing a different ship often yields much the same gameplay as even though your starting position changes a little, the only real change longterm is the configuration of the various rooms on your ship.Another problem is the relatively short campaign you will begin to take note of once you've learned the basics and only the unforgiving higher difficulty gives it any sort of longevity.All in all FTL: Faster Than Light is a nice little game, but it is also a game that needs something more before I'll agree with the underdog hype that seems to be going around everywhere these days. Perhaps strong developer support and a growing modding community will one day make this into the game it could be but as it sits now it is nothing special."
,Recommended,212680,32883953,Posted: 27 June,all,Tobias,10/10
,Recommended,212680,17731476,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,zeek,this game makes me happy when the whole world is against me
76561198037383365,Not Recommended,212680,27784139,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Communism,"I've put a bout 60 hours into the game, but I think it has a fatal flaw. Randomness is the single greatest factor in if you can actually win a run.I get that its a roguelike, and as such it has some amount of RNG to it, but it feels like RNG is the biggest thing that determines if you live or die.Sometimes the game shops won't spawn weapons/upgrades strong enough to defeat the final boss. Other times the enemy ships evade all your attacks and you can't dodge a single shot. Sometimes events give you scrap(money that you can buy ship upgrades with), and other times they kill a crew member, damage your ship, or have some other detrimental effect.The number of runs in this game that I've had where it feels like I was sunk from the beginning, where the tools to beat the game just didn't exist, is too high.RNG needs to be toned down in the game."
,Recommended,212680,16475685,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ᕙÚ†hårᕗ,Engines are down!*Sends crew to repair engines*Shields are down!*Sends crew to repair shields*Weapons down!*Sends crew to repair weapons*Pilot dies!*Crew dies on its way to save pilot*Cant get enough of this game10/10 would space again.
76561198041662448,Recommended,212680,8256735,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TryVertical,"Wow, much fast.  Such light."
,Recommended,212680,8520368,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Vulpin,"Oxygen is leaking through fist sized holes in a hull. Crew is fighting fire, blocked doors and enemy six legged soldiers. Fortunately assault drones are still cannoning enemy spaceship and you are gaining upper hand in one of the many battles in the FTL.You are a captain of the spaceship and micro management is all you constantly do in struggle to survive all the random encounters and events the game throws at you. Your journey is difficult, unforgiving and you never know what lies behind the corner (the space is full of corners).The space is also filled with old school visuals (great!) and simple, not disturbing music (ok). Your crew levels up and your spaceship gets upgrades. And there are other spaceships to unlock which adds to already huge replayability. But there is no (real) plot, no characters, no real immersion and unfortunately no big excitement. This game lacks soul.So soulless, but still well deserved recommendation."
,Recommended,212680,7887991,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Jared,"Are you tired of winning games? Do you love watching hours of thought and hard work get destroyed in an instant? Great! than FTL is the game for you! Become the pilot of a precariously fragile ship full of incompetent crew members on a journey through space chased by evil rebels and being attacked by pretty much everything. Enjoy an incredibly realistic, gritty sci-fi world full of death, poverty and slave labour all with the fitting backround of a lovable retro soundtrack. And if you complete the Herculean task of getting to the last level, prepare to have your hopes, dreams and two hours hard work shattered by a ridiculously powerful boss. This is a fantastic game with incredible soundtrack, tense gameplay and a lovable atmosphere, highly recommended.WARNING: This game is the most stressful thing on earth. If you are prone to heart trouble, suffer from a spastic colon or explosive diarrhea, or have ever felt stressed, then this game is not for you. Possible side effects include feelings of worthlessness, scurvy and crabs."
,Recommended,212680,8813282,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Golly,"After seeing some of my favorite YouTubers' slightly older videos, I come across a game like this.Doesn't really look like it's my type of game, ""too complicated"".And then when I actually get Steam, I find this little thing on sale and say ""shur, watever"".You simply can't say you've found a game at ALL like this.FTL: Faster Than Light is so simple, yet amazingly addictive.tenouttaten (would play again)"
76561198025202869,Recommended,212680,9760446,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,TheShadowKing,its a lot of fun. i find the game quick to learn and easy to play and that the story is mostly different every time you play it so you get differnet experices each time you loadup
76561197975629840,Recommended,212680,9763161,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,{Shazam!}Horste,"In my honest opinion, FTL is amazing.When it was the standard edition I thought it was pretty good, and I still put quite a few hours into it, but to me it felt like it was just a little lacking.  After playing through a few times, I had decided upon my normal strategy, and varied little through different play throughs.  That may not be a problem for some more adventurous gamers, but after finding something that worked I just wanted to stick with it.  For me, the advanced edition solved that problem.  I thoroughly enjoy the new race, the Lanius, although my favorite part is probably the expansion of the available weapons.  Missiles, lasers, ions and beams was a good start, but often I just wished there was a little more variety in those classes themselves.  I found myself always trying to find as many 'burst laser IIs' as I could, maybe with an occasional beam weapon.  Now, I really enjoy trying to decide between the chain lasers, normal lasers, scrap throwers and ion stunners, all of which I think add a great deal of new tactics and depth to the gameplay.  Overall, I think this game is very well done, totally worth the money, and the day they come out with an FTL 2, or let you battle your ships with other players I'm sure I'll be lost in deep space for a very long time."
76561197970477750,Recommended,212680,9599341,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Bensonian,Amazingly fun with tons of repeatability. Each play through comes at you differently than the last. I really enjoy the variety of ships once you figure out how to unlock them :)
76561198042255019,Recommended,212680,8889864,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,jom14,"Been slightly addicted to this since buying it, not found any bugs and I love the difficulty that it presents one with. My one gripe; almost unlocked the secret sector, but the Rock Homeworlds system layout was perfectly liniar, making it unable to be explored before the rebels caught up :( . However this is the only sector I have ever seen like this. My favorite game by far."
,Recommended,212680,9328448,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Carl Gruel,"Wonderful, especially for someone who loves sci-fi or startrek. This game has rich space/tactical gameplay designed around replayability."
,Recommended,212680,8276805,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[FF]Shadowclaimer,"FTL is the beginning of a genre I hope, one of strategic spaceship games where you're ordering crew and trying your best to stay alive against all odds as fires spring up, enemies board, and everything goes to hell quickly. If you love those scenes in Star Trek or even in the more modern movies with battleships as the crew rushes to keep the thing afloat, you'll love the on-the-edge gameplay of FTL. With a good mix of skill, organization, and sheer luck you can pull off some amazing feats that leave you feeling accomplished.It also has one of the best soundtracks for any game I've ever played."
76561198013463003,Recommended,212680,8442092,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rick,"FTL is an insanely addictive roguelike indie game which requires the player to micromanage systems on a spaceship.  Surprisingly in-depth, FTL is akin to a real time strategy/simulation; although it is possible to pause and issue commands  when it becomes frantic in later levels. Being a roguelike game, FTL is very difficult. It will require a few hours and many attempts to formulate a strategy. FTL claims that ""death is a part of the fun"" and it will keep you saying ""just one more game"". The variety of unlockable ships, weapon combinations and random level generation further add depth and replayability.The only potential negatives are that some may find the inevitability of death and the randomness nature of the game frustrating. If you purchase FTL knowing that it is a true roguelike, you will have hours of fun."
,Recommended,212680,8371274,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Chef Battl3rpwn,Awesome psuedo-turnbased game! Definately Recommended!
,Recommended,212680,2317637,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,The Cheat,"Awesome, roguelike, space adventure. You command a ship and its crew and are responsible for managing its systems and weapons as you traverse space, fight enemy ships and complete side quests. If you've ever wanted to vent oxygen from your ship in order to kill an enemy boarding party, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,212680,180249,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,Fatrick,This is a really clever and interesting game.  Lots of little decisions to make with longer term impacts.  Short 1-2 hour games with lots of replayability and unlockables.Fantastic little gem.
,Recommended,212680,19463865,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Cowardly Lion,The game for those who want to be commander of [space]ship.Very smart minimalistic game.
,Recommended,212680,9742445,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Leinu~~,"This game best showcases the Rouge-Like logic of ""Death is part of the fun"". It's hard but a lot of fun.I suggest putting an audiobook or a podcast on when playing9/10"
,Recommended,212680,7778367,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Sharkbait,"To put it simply, buy this game. As a trekkie myself, I found the idea of captaining my own starship enormously appealing and bought the game immediately without much thought. FTL had much more depth than I originally thought, however, and I found myself immersed in the world. I love the permadeath. You can feel tension in the air as you move crewmember around repairing systems, try to suck a boarding crew out the airlock, and lock on to the enemies weapon system. The game envelopes you in its strategy and creates a believable atmosphere. A must buy, especially with a free update coming"
,Recommended,212680,13770064,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hitman Neutralman,Should've made it about Bad Rats and called it BTR: Badder Than Rats
,Recommended,212680,9718426,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,SiegeEngineer,Space is full of butts
76561197979924503,Recommended,212680,10928579,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,David McCall,"star trek simulator 2014, A+, would recommend"
76561197995647163,Recommended,212680,10978727,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blackout190,"Very good game!Cant stop playing it since I first saw it on a stream and immediatly bought it. Fitting graphic style, nice game mechanics and I love the high difficulty level, makes you waste hundreds of hours on this game :)"
76561198065849288,Recommended,212680,8607036,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Braxx,absoloute time vampire but well worth having a play simple but very good game!
,Recommended,212680,8631065,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,sier,"Very hard game, even on easy. Took me 25 hours to beat the flagship. There is so much you can do with this game after the boss as well."
,Recommended,212680,10946356,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,sfn,It's good.
,Recommended,212680,10325067,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Luke,Amazing.
,Recommended,212680,9897730,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Faux Pup,"Fantastic and addictive little game. Very simple, very difficult, but very fun."
76561198131904681,Recommended,212680,10776145,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,jronguitar,"Frustrating and addictive, you can kick @*$ all the way to the boss, and then you might as well just restart! It's a lot of fun, so, I dunno...8/10."
76561198063964927,Recommended,212680,10763642,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Snack Pack,"Never will you have more fun ripping your hair out in pure frustration, knowing that your ship is going down, you have one remaining crewmember, and all the oxygen in your ship is pouring out at an alarming pace. This is a game that requires true skill and mastery, and you'll have plenty of fun along the way!"
76561198061710488,Recommended,212680,8239496,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Belicose9,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a masterfully crafted strategy game that is a love letter to any who find space adventure even the least bit compelling.  The game's core mechanics are gripping and harmonize perfectly with it's space opera theme.  Tension is built over the course of the game by limiting the player's resources and forcing difficult decisions.  Ultimately, the game crescendos to an amazing finale that will having you cheering out loud when you finally overcome it.  I recommend FTL to anyone who has even a mild interest in this type of game. And remember, dieing is part of the fun ;)"
,Recommended,212680,10929546,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Nefi,"I sent two of my crew to board an enemy ship, which promptly got destroyed by an asteroid. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,4606262,"Posted: 19 May, 2013",all,№₷℮₭ 👃,"For here am I sitting in a tin can, far above the world.Planet Earth is blue, and there's nothing I can do ... to stop loving to lose it."
,Recommended,212680,11483599,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dr. Pump [Trip Master],I lost my first time because I didn't turn the Oxygen on. 10/10
,Recommended,212680,9737065,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,|Ck| LLC merlinicorpus,Hands down the best money I've ever spent on a game.
,Recommended,212680,8151761,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Goon,"This game is great fun, and manages to be challenging enough to keep you interested without driving you to the point of frustration. Perfectly directing your crew to demolish an enemy ship is a great feeling, and the randomly generated encounters keep each runthrough fresh instead of making you go through the same systems over and over. Buy this game."
,Recommended,212680,7917532,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jam Defiant Comspan,This game would make a very good live streaming game because of all the choses you get.  Plus it Pretty Fun.
76561198258993613,Recommended,212680,28227296,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Fr0stKing,"8/10This game puts you at the mercy of the all powerful random number generator. Every restart results in a varried experience: sometimes you'll be showered with loot and other times you'll get destroyed before you really get anywhere at all or run out of fuel and missiles.It's a nice change to be a part of the empire rather than the rebellion in a game, but given the difficulty of the final ""boss battle"", one wonders why the empire bothered resisting the coup to begin with.A fun game all in all, deffinitely worth playing. Always keep in mind, few problems cannot be solved with open doors."
,Recommended,212680,858492,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,buntamis,Fun tactical spaceship to spaceship combat game. Also has random events to spice things up!
76561198089926717,Recommended,212680,21723831,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,Napalm Dragon,"My experience in FTL:Sector 1: There's a huge fleet behind me? I'm not a big fan of timing stuff like that but whatever.Sector 2: Oh? there's different sectors! Alright I'm fine with that fleet system then. Guess I'll just move along. (I learned here that, indeed, giant alien spiders are no joke.)Sector 3: I've got some good weaponry but I have basically no fuel and ship fights are getting tougher, otherwise I guess I'm doing well!Sector 4: Oh? I have to jump back to a beacon that the rebels are about to take over? I bet it will be fine. *warps* How bad can i- ALL MY CREW ARE DIEING WE HAVE NO OXYGEN THERE ARE FIRES EVERYWHERE. I NEED TO WARP!All sectors up to the flagship: Things are pretty rough.Battling the flagship: Alright! I just need to defeat you for the sake of everyone, apparently you're a huge behemoth but I bet you aren't so tough. Get ready, flagship, for I will defeat*warps to flagship*you... *Ship guns sadly droop downwards* are really tough looking. Well maybe if I *flagship* LASERSMISSLESBIGGERLASERSDRONESDRONESDRONESBOARDERSHACKINGCLOAKING *me* EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE PEOPLE HAVE KILLED SOME OF MY CREW THE HULL IS AT 25% BREACHES ARE EVERYWHERE AN- *ship explodes*10/10 Would fight incredibly strong ship underprepared again."
,Recommended,212680,10584993,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bad Wolf <Spirit of Soup>,"Frustrating as hell sometimes, but well worth the purchase.It is very sastifisying to best your opponent with an infinte amount of time to think.Best feature the... the pause button, oh and advanced edition added alot of awesome content too!"
,Recommended,212680,4658323,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,B.,"This is a game that when you think you are doing well, it will kick you in the groin and while you are on the ground curled up, it will steal your wallet and your dog. great music and great control."
,Recommended,212680,9964691,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Kib,"This game is perfect for anyone who likes rougelike games. Traveling the different sectors, gaining new weapons and crew, and fighting off enemy ships are just some things that you can do in FTL. The design of the game suits it well, along with the intense music as you defend your own ship from foes. The varied decisions you make are what create this game. With every decision you make, it could lead to death, getting various weapons, and major setbacks in trying to save the remaining people of the Federation fleet. FTL is personally one of my favorite games to play when I have nothing else to do, as it gives hours upon hours of fun gameplay."
76561197985286350,Recommended,212680,28219984,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Commander Ted,"Power down the medbay, prep the weapons, and get that goddamn mantis out of the engine room.﻿"
,Recommended,212680,1279285,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,tycho5,"Don't let this game fool you, its not easy. Don't even try and win it at first (i've never beaten the game, even on Easy). Just try and stay alive. Then see how many sectors you can traverse. Then see how many ships you can unlock. Then see if you can beat it.Every round of this game is different and right now its my favorite pickup game on Steam. And for $5, you can't go wrong."
,Recommended,212680,703100,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,hitman02in,"another indie gem. managing a space ship was never so fun.awesome battles , excellent music and nice depth as well."
76561198054020785,Recommended,212680,10037847,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Startinwired,Great strategic starship simulator with rogue-like elements. I have enjoyed this game ever since I got it and I will continue to play it in the future. Huge amount of replayability and definitly worth the price for the number of hours of enjoyment you can get out of it.
76561198033499623,Recommended,212680,4187761,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Sithas,2D in all it's glory!  If you have ever seen it and hesitated to buy it - go for it! Well worth the money.
,Recommended,212680,10027949,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Kodiak-Rush,"Have you ever wanted to captain your own star ship and fly through the strange and dangerous depths of space? Well now is your chance but it is not for the faint of heart.In short get this, it is an awesome rogue-like space simulator and you will not regret it. Also buy the soundtrack too, it’s very catchy.This game is great fun. The ascetics are very retro and remind me of games from yesteryear. The gameplay itself is fun, challenging and highly addictive, you will want to play it through time and again. Even when the odds are against you, and they often are, you will want to fight on and try to be the hero despite your impending doom.The in game universe is already vast and highly diverse, you never know whether the next warp will be to a friendly planet, devastated space station or rebel ambush. The whole game is more or less procedurally generated so you never have the same experience twice, which keeps it fresh each time you retry.As the captain you manage what systems you have installed in your ship, what weapons you have equipped, even which crew members fly with you. There is even a basic rpg system for each crew member, so if they do die you feel a sense of lost. I remember getting very attached to the little guys.This game will kick your butt and laugh at you whilst doing it yet that is a price that is very easily paid considering how enjoyment you’ll get. This is a 100% recommend even at full price, on sale you would be crazy not to get this. And due to a recent update it’s even better. There are also mods that can be applied for an even better experience, I recommend the Captain’s editionHave fun ^_^"
,Recommended,212680,12814594,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Ratatosk,"Hands down, one of my favorite strategy games ever. Typically, I play roguelikes, but as a RTS game, as much as I like them, I suck at them. Unlike FTL, its much more simpler than stuff like AoE, or WC3, therefore I love the management and gameplay. The soundtrack by Ben Prunty is definitely one of the best soundtracks in gaming, IMO. Graphics are simple, pixelly, nothing too flashy.Of course, as a roguelike, it's not for the weak, or the short fused so pray to the RNG Gods. But if there is no risk, there is no reward, right?Some of my friends don't see the appeal, but if you like RTS, or normal strategy games that are not real time then go ahead and buy this (or ask me to buy it for you)."
,Recommended,212680,10944426,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,cmoore95,"best game ive played in a while, glad to show support and get it while the sale is still on!!"
,Recommended,212680,19764638,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Daunt,Great game. There are some positives and negatives to it. I wrote an in-depth review here:http://bandofothersgaming.com/pc-gaming/ftl-review/2015/12Let me know what you think of my review.
,Recommended,212680,8918069,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,__,"It's my favourite game. It's difficult, but rather than rage quitting you feel more like trying again. Recomended to all.I mean, who dosen't like space pirates?!?"
76561198065696995,Recommended,212680,21443181,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Ternershberl,"Highly addictive, very re-playable."
,Recommended,212680,22041960,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,👻 of Christmas Edge,"I've really enjoyed playing this game, it's very fun and interesting. It's got an amazing soundtrack, and even with a pause function the gameplay is unforgiving and intense. It's got so many little stories and details, and it's sooooooooooooo satisfying when you actually win! Would definitely recommend, and definitely worth £7 -  especially on sale, and especially with free DLC's!"
76561198134309477,Recommended,212680,13995070,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,Ruibinha,"Probably one of my favourite game at this moment.Tactical game with some luck envolved.Each round can be fast but if you really want to win you have to spare some time to explore, get scrap (money) and upgrade your own ship.Several achievements in game, sadly not on steam.I adore this game... Bought it on sale, but would be happy to pay full price for it. 10/10"
76561198092026462,Recommended,212680,11976658,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Lothric Knight Stone,The best roguelike I have EVER played. My play time speaks for itself.10/10 in opinion.8/10 if I had to be critical.
76561198172469138,Recommended,212680,14579097,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Hangarback Flier,"Great semi-turn-based strategy game, each game is unique. You must pay attention to everything in the game at the same time. Difficult, but extremely enjoyable even if you lose."
76561198008229961,Recommended,212680,13812031,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,nasserm83,probably my favorite game in years. have to keep this short or i'll end up writing a whole article on how FTL is the friggin best.
76561198100488433,Recommended,212680,14477390,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Roasty My Toasty,OK im just gona play for like an hour.. *3 hours later dies from fire* one more game wouldnt hurt...  11/10 would become addicted again
,Recommended,212680,10493812,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,MrNeon,"What an emotional game. More so than ""The Walking Dead""Remember Mr. Thomas Bloch, your faithful Engi shieldmaster?Remember Valeriya, your Mantis assassin?Remember Declan, the Engi pilot, who evaded 173 times?Remember Maloney, who powered the Medbay with Zoltan energy?Remember Philips, who you found playing with six-legged horses?Remember the flagship that killed them all by hacking the oxygen chamber?Stupid game. Dammit. 10/10I'm back.I deleted the game.I then immediately reinstalled it on three computers.Buy the game."
,Recommended,212680,955514,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,PoppinJay,"Subset Games has managed to produce a completely unique experience that fulfills that longing that some of us have to become starship captains. Don't let the graphics fool you, FTL offers an immersive and surprisingly authentic feel to this otherwise mundane looking game. Other than the heartrending moments of RNGG that plague some play throughs this game is effective at providing a level of challenge that makes those moments of success all the more sweet... and causes the game to become that much more addictive. Grab this game on sale if you can, it is well worth the meager price tag."
,Recommended,212680,16672668,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,PlantBasedNinja,"A grown up oregon trail, where just like the original, everyone dies."
,Recommended,212680,2712059,"Posted: 13 October, 2012",all,VitalWinter,More entertaining than it looks.
76561198061228518,Recommended,212680,17324476,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Fl00rMaster,"After 14 hours and dozens of tries, I beat the game...on easy....FTL doesn't mess around. This game is damn difficult and will really punish you if you make the wrong choice or upgrade something for your ship that you shouldn't have. You really just have to pray that you'll find enough scrap metal and hope your entire crew doesn't suffocate from one ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ coming aboard and going straight for the ♥♥♥♥ing oxygen supply...Anyways, you'll rage a lot, but the game is very entertaining and very rewarding."
,Recommended,212680,17403182,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,BishopSammyKnifeFight,"FTL IS THE BEST! I have 89 hours logged on this game and I still replay it over and over.  At the core this game runs smooth keeps you on the mission and has crazy side missions you can attempt to tackle. It is so much more than just a spaceship sim. On a side note, the pause feature is not only amazing for planing out your attack but it is also nice if you are working on other projects or you need to take a break. You can come right back and FTL is there waiting for you."
,Recommended,212680,14782372,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,an person,"If you like Star Wars or geek over spaceships,this is the game for you. I don't, but I still caught myself rambling on about the difference between Ion and Laser weapons, how many alien races are in the game, ship types, etc. So this game sets up a science fiction world that you quickly become immersed in, and once you boot this game up, it's hard to stop playing.As you may have seen from gameplay (or firsthand experienc), this is an RPG. Even if you don't really like RPGs, the game's space combat is easy to pick up but hard to master.In FTL, it also helps to be lucky. Depending on that, you can get more valuable scrap material to buy weapons from stores or upgrade your ship. You can also randomly get quests to unlock more spaceships, so there is variety in that aspect to. Just don't expect to beat the game on your first try."
76561198011970746,Recommended,212680,10272354,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Kate,"Each time you play this game, you play a different story, sometimes you gain a new crewmember because you chose to attack a slaver ship, and sometimes you lose one because you chose to help with a fire on a space station by sending your men there. you never know where your next space jump will get you and how you will react to the situation is only up to you. even if the game doesnt have multiplayer, the replayability of this game is huge, creats addiction."
,Recommended,212680,8226653,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Trap Allen,"This game is the bee's knees. I saw some gameplay of it and thought it looked fun. I bought it and I was not disappointed.It is very entertaining, the adventure is new everytime, and even if you lose, you don't want to quit and never play it again. I give it 9/10. Because there is always room for improvement."
,Recommended,212680,9764168,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,WarNerd16,"The ability to be smashing through enemy ships, only to have your own boarded by a random event and having your crew killed all within 30 seconds is what makes this game unpredictable. You don't play it so much as you try and control your own death at the hands of drones, fire beams, combat robots, and explosive decompression.11/10 All Day Every Day"
76561198077648877,Recommended,212680,9245410,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,darkavatar1183,great game! very addictive... but needs a better save game feature.
76561198002190155,Recommended,212680,8856972,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sgt_Lambert,An amazing game - can't wait for the free expansion to be released :D
,Recommended,212680,10502109,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,󠀡󠀡BOOhemotty󠀡,"Die every time, even on simplest setting. Have never completed. Still want to play it."
76561197978348832,Recommended,212680,9715244,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,.:TEAM:.  Alpha Chonx,A superb game just got better! I can't see how there is any excuse for not owning this amazing space strategy rogue-like now the free expansion has been released. As long as you don't mind the game kicking your♥♥♥♥♥over and over again (in a fun way) then I'd highly recommend picking this up as soon as you can.
,Recommended,212680,8011071,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Oaken,"Absolutely delightful game. Every time you play it you'll most likely get a new experience as it's always randomly generated.FTL is a quite unforgiving, spaceship managing game. In 2014 there will come a new DLC which includes the tablet support, which is going to be absolutely brilliant! Buy whenever it's on sale, which is like always."
,Recommended,212680,3179736,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,TheGreatBee,Best Spaceship suicide simulator.
,Recommended,212680,15677139,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Kixx,"A challenging game. By challenging I mean difficult. Do not feel shame for going easy mode, cuz the game still kicks your butt either way."
,Recommended,212680,14118147,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Floridaman,"Yuo play as Ukranian army against russia rebel and rebel chase you and is scary, at the end you fight robo-putin and he stronk. Glory to Ukrastozka!"
,Recommended,212680,9328934,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,big siccle ☭,"I didn't think I would enjoy this game but I do. I'm hooked.I thought that the fast-paced strategy would be chaotic and difficult to master. I was pleased to find out that you can pause the action at any moment and give orders, and that the mechanics are very simple and easy to understand. That doesn't mean that FTL is an easy game: plenty of choices and their consequences, as well as the random-generation make it quite the opposite. The game is never unfair to the player, giving many opportunities for upgrades and pacing the zones quite well.Critical thought and planning ahead are as important as combat in FTL; saving some ""scrap"" (the games spending and upgrading currency) could mean the difference between bribing a hostile pirate or having to engage in combat. Spending your ""scrap"" on ship upgrades could mean that you run out of fuel later in the game, or it could be the bump that saves your crew's lives.The most aesthetically pleasing thing about FTL is the way it can be played with only a mouse. Pausing the action is bound to the middle mouse button, leaving your other hand free to grab a snack, pick your nose, or stratch that itch. More often you'll find yourself chewing on the nails of your free hand, as the action in FTL can get extremely tense in the latter stages.Overall, I would recommend FTL to anybody who enjoys difficult strategy games. Being a roguelite is also a huge plus for me. The art is great, the music is great, and there is a fairly high replay value with unlocks and achievements.A+"
76561197993327206,Recommended,212680,8134640,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Plan_J,"Tactical real-time strategy, in space! Don’t like real time? Hit the pause button and plan out your next move! LAZERS! Don’t want to fight the evil praying mantis people hand to hand because bugs are gross? Blow up their life support system and watch them suffocate! FUN! Buy this game and satisfy your inner child holding a magnifying glass! It’s so good it’s got me on my knees begging for a sequel!YTLights seal of approval."
76561197972520247,Recommended,212680,14704955,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,JuggGonzo,There is nothing better then FTL.
,Recommended,212680,8125001,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Pownage,"Starship simulator thats amazing you can set your crew to different sections of the ship e.g. weapons, shields, engines so you can make them improve in different ways while also being able to upgrade everything in your ship through use of ""Scrap"" (In-game currency) You also have to escape an approaching enemy fleet and if it catches up with you, you will end up stuck in a battle vs constant enemy ships (Can be good for farming items if you're sure you WILL win although your hull doesn't last forever.Don't expect to win the first time either :DYes, Its 50% off at the moment, I would buy this as its worth more than that."
76561198058134944,Recommended,212680,27828866,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Gronners,A fantastic little indie game. Perma death and RNG based campaign mean it never gets old.
,Recommended,212680,10402334,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Awoo of the Senate,"People who think games like Dark Souls is hard have probably never played FTL before. This strategy game where you control a space-ship that is running away from the Rebel fleet in an attempt to save the galaxy is honestly one of the most difficult rouge-like's that I've ever played. There were so many times when I'd reach the final boss of the game with max health and soon find my ship completely destroyed in mere moments simply because they'd breach my defenses before I could even graze their ship. This unforgiving game only lets you have one life throughout the whole game, and finding that the game runs on the weirdest random number generator doesn't exactly make things a lot easier on the player. The different weapons and ships make this game a hell of a lot more interesting, as you constantly have to make changes to your every move throughout the entire game. One moment, you may be dominating a supply ship to the point where they try to flee; but they can't because you shot down their engines. The next, the exact same thing is happening to you. With the new Advanced Edition, the entire game pretty much was changed and rebalanced (Flak is the most OP weapon. Get as much as you can). This game deserves a 9/10, for it's only problem being that unlocking new ships is too vague for most people to get, and with it's weird random number generator it makes it nearly impossible to determine if ""this gameplay will get me a new ship to use""."
,Recommended,212680,10425552,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Manofmilk,"Seemingly simple but surprisingly deep resouce managment, permenant death comes easily in this rogue-a-like, don't get too attached to ships or crew! A genuine 'just one more try' game."
,Recommended,212680,9238599,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,throbbing cock,Extremely fun and enjoyable. I've had alot of fun with this game and recomend it to anyone who likes spacey ship games.....maybe....
,Recommended,212680,8545314,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,I'm the Donkey,Fantastic game. A roguelike space game where you kind of take the place of a commander back on earth. You dont fly the ship or aim the weapons yourself but you tell the crewmembers where to go waht to shoot etc. Delightfully difficult but awfully rewarding.
76561197972770157,Recommended,212680,8736836,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Vladicus,"I can't stress enough how fun and frustrating this game is at the same time.  Every time I think I am finally going to win, something comes along to shut me down.  Great game, as long as you can handle a game kicking your♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,212680,10681117,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Teesa,"I watched other people play FTL for a little while before I decided to buy the game myself. It seemed like a fun game to play, but I was skeptical about buying it myself because I usually don't play these kinds of games. Eventually, I finally decided to take the plunge and purchase the game myself.I have no idea why I waited as long as I did. The first few times I played the game, I got completely destroyed maybe 5-10 times within the first one or two sectors. I would get into a situation I wasn't entirely sure how to handle and would get demolished completely. The game's permanent death mechanic means that any time you die, you're starting the game all over. No two experiences will ever be alike. No matter how prepared you may think you are, the slightest bit of bad luck can cause you to run into a nearly unwinnable situation, but with a bit of luck and quick thinking, you can make it out alive.The game is satisfying to play, and since no two plays will ever be the same, the replayability is very high. Even if you typically don't play these kinds of games, I would highly suggest playing FTL. If you keep a good attitude and are able to accept that you won't always win on the first try, you'll enjoy FTL."
,Recommended,212680,10798723,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Spanktoast,"This game though.You don't really pilot your ship, you omnisciently control it - and it's tough. If you don't die in the first system your first time, then you are inhuman. The game is incredibly unforgiving, and EVERY choice you make has an impact. Stranded civilian ship want to trade 5 missiles for two of your fuel? You run out of fuel before you can resupply at the next store, and die. Refuse a pirate trader and wind up fighting? The extra hull damage to your ship causes you to explode in the asteriod field down the way. As unforgiving as the game can be, it challenges you to make smart choices, and manage your ship cautiously and conservatively.The combat is suprisingly fun, and the sound track is quite immersive - though I don't think I would buy the standalone sound track. Everything about the game keeps you coming back for more, and it's beautiful."
,Recommended,212680,22900,"Posted: 21 September, 2012",all,Rerez,It's a game you will go back to again and again. It also has many flaws that make it hard to recommend.
76561198064005815,Recommended,212680,13000175,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Rank : Wood (farmskins.com),"It's the middle of the night here but I just had to post this after another great run.Is this game hard to learn? Yes.Will you die a lot? Yes.Has it multiple difficulty modes? YesSo Easy mode is easy? HELL NO!BUT you WILL get the hang of it and find tactics for each ship.After 30h gameplay i just had to give it a good review and support this amazing game.You need to buy this, it is so satisfying to finally beat that Flagship or unlock a new ship!And every ship and crew has a new feel and challenge.The free expansion also adds wonderfull extra possibilities and challenges.I seriously can't name a single bad thing about this game!"
,Recommended,212680,13288766,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,replacethelamp,One time i decided to become the universes ultimite evil and destroyed everything.But when i got to the rebel flagship my cheeks got wrecked so hard that candy came out.11/10like skrim with guns- IGN
76561198045869464,Recommended,212680,8325507,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Murderotica,This is one of the best things that has ever happened to me.
,Recommended,212680,9376473,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,steelc00kie,"Absolutely great game! A must-buy if you enjoy traveling across the unforgiving galaxy with nothing but your crew, your ship, and an urgent delivery that affects nearly all life in the known existence. FTL provides a very challenging adventure that is different every time you start a new game, many unlockables that you can strive to achieve, and ultimately, a very replayable game that you will enjoy.I need not say more about this game because a good part of FTL is having your own experience with it. Buy it, especially if its on a sale, and you will not regret it at all!"
76561198051132553,Recommended,212680,5515874,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Samtheman146,One of my favorite time killers. Great for playing while on a roadtrip or waiting in a airport. Because it doesnt take internet to play you can just open up your laptop or something and play an amazing game that will make you cry and rage all at the same time as you fall more in love with it.
76561198007409278,Recommended,212680,10719788,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NightRider,This is one of the best games ever created.
,Recommended,212680,4572037,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Shoebill,"A brilliant game which didn t get enough fame considering how good it is, moreover it s cheap so i recommand buying it right now !"
,Recommended,212680,9736455,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,conninator2000,"excellent, this is one of the best games i have ever played, if who ever wants this i reccomend watching nerd3 or someone else on youtube to get the feel for it before you buy it, 9.7/10 (would be 10/10 if it wasnt sooo hard, even on easy or had a good tutorial)"
,Recommended,212680,13977267,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,moomat,"Totally cool and satisfying procedural-style space gameplay; kind of like a mini 4X strategy game, in which you encounter random events strung together in sort of a procedural storyline. Really fun, quick, friendly gameplay, and excellent execution. It's also cool that it's built in the SDL framework!"
,Recommended,212680,1714734,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,Raiseo Hitsu,"It's a hard game to describe as it is simple and deep at the same time. One thing I'm sure of is that this game is beautiful, engaging and very fun. Random encounters, random shops, random events and even random galaxies make every single playthrough unique. The gameplay revolves around your tactical choices of managing a ship and their crew members, you can even hire aliens or acquire them by different means and the ship is highly customizable. Most of the events always give you a choice, and you even get bonus choices if you have a specific alien, weapon, resources or other things, that's a VERY appreciated RPG touch. The battle is simple, yet harder to master, you need to choose where the weapons should be shooting, is it wiser to take down their weapons, their shields, or their drones? Your call, and keep some crew to repair the damage. Overall, I'm really happy about this title, the trailer was great, but the game inside is so much more, truly an indie master piece."
76561198047681675,Recommended,212680,10233744,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Tt. hero_jake,one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,212680,15408261,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,roder,"One of the most fun games I've ever played, really opened my eyes to a new genre. I will keep it short and sweet: Every gamer must try this one out!"
76561198067615550,Recommended,212680,9868249,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Invictus,"When I first played this game I must admit that it was not the file obtained from Steam that I was using.  However, after playing FTL for a while it has become one of my favourite games and the effort that has been put into creating this game is immense, so evident in fact that I bought the game because the developers simply deserve it.  Through an intoxicating mix of luck, strategy, and permadeath, this game presents players with countless scenarios and tools that can be used to progress throughout the galaxy.  The gameplay is incredible and very rogue-esque allowing for a modern incarnation of a game viewed as a classic by many.  The atmosphere generated by the universe of the game encourages great immersion and the soundtrack within FTL is one of the best I have ever heard.  Oh, and kudos to Subset Games for their uncommon chivalry in making a huge expansion pack for the game free to all players.  This sort of thing is not seen much anymore and it is a testament to just how much the developers care about the players who have invested in this amazing experience.  I am looking forward to any new adventure that Subset develops and I will without a doubt be playing it.  FTL is an incredible game that achieves everything it sets out to achieve and more, the game deserves nothing less than full marks and I recommend it to everyone."
76561198093074150,Recommended,212680,11504555,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mojo,Harder than Dark Souls. 15/10
,Recommended,212680,14605899,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Calaverito13,"FTL is a hilarious game where you control a spaceship and fight against rebels. This game just blows your mind with awesome moments. I'm not the type of player that likes singleplayers, but when I saw a stream of this game it seemed good. After buying it and getting more than 25 hours of gameplay I couldn't beat the game in easy. Even though its a really hard game you enjoy every moment you play. Everyone that had played this game remembers the giant alien spiders or having fire in all your ship. This are just some of the amazing memories this game gives you. Know it is time for the soundtrack, the soundtrack can't be described with words. Is just an amazing piece of work that improves the quality of your gameplay exponentially, the music makes you relax and enjoy each scene. It gets you pumped up when you need it and makes you think about buying the soundtrack of the game. If you don't want to spend a lot of money in games or you don't have a powerful PC I recommend you this game with all my heart. It's worth every penny, and you can easily get more than 150 hours if you enjoy the game. It haves a lot of scenarios, races, ships and 2 types of edition. If you get bored of the normal edition you can try the advanced edition. The game can be repetitive, but even after some time you get to enjoy everything about Faster Than Light."
,Recommended,212680,7995155,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Jonno.red bottom sky,"FTL is one of the most addicting and challenging games you'll ever get the chance to play. Hugely fun with solid roguelike mechanics, and well, you get to captain a badass spaceship with lasers and robots and stuff."
76561197969248201,Recommended,212680,11798883,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Fergie,It is great
76561198041931075,Recommended,212680,9776053,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,stardust0123,"FTL is a game that covers every beautiful aspect of the gaming industry. The game is not too hard, but at the same time, not too easy. The random events gives different experiences on every journey, some good, and some bad. The game frustrates you at times, but at others it rewards you. The main mechanic that drives the game is the Permadeath feature. No saving the game and reloading it. There is no room for error in FTL, if you are destroyed becuase you didn't purchase better weapons, tough luck. It gives a feeling of individuality. When you are on the final sector of the game, you know this is it. One way or another, you'll never see your ship again, and it makes us feel sad for the poor crew. You have to manuever and plan out as the story progresses, or else you will be destroyed. Would I recommend it? Yes. I think it is one of the best Indie titles out there. With the new expansion, the game feels even more immersive then before. One of the best improvements was added customization, the fact that every journey would be even more different then before. I give this game a 9/10, one point deducted for the head-bashing boss, which I have only beaten once on easy."
,Recommended,212680,5243035,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Nooter,Without doubt you WILL be addicted to this game.
,Recommended,212680,8008134,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Breadless Sandwich,"The game is called FTL: Faster Than Light, FTL stands for Faster Than Light, so is the game called Faster Than Light: Faster Than Light? Whatever it is, this game is pretty fast."
,Recommended,212680,8009193,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Potato Jesus,"It was a really great replay value, you could play this for hours and still enjoy all the aspects of the game"
76561198085473861,Recommended,212680,7997756,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Magnitude,"Absolutly amazing stratagy/space sim. Great concept, I was immediatly engrossed in this game. Had the option to pirate it (shh), but buying it was deffinatly the way to go. Much love and support to Subset Games. Still can't get over naming my crew after my friends and putting them into the empty airlock."
,Recommended,212680,4678416,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Cinnamoroll,"""♥♥♥♥ING OH MY GODDID THAT SERIOUSLY JUST OH MY GODEVERYTHING'S ON ♥♥♥♥ING FIRE""this is a really good game"
,Recommended,212680,4910826,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,jfcc,"a very good time passer, good  gameplay, and great little story. now if only I could get some earl grey, Hot."
,Recommended,212680,4866412,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,Robly18,"A must buy. It involves strategy and a sense of pressure without even needing fast reactions. One must think on what he does, as even a single crewmember being killed can doom you. And the game being permadeath, it really puts your skills to the test. Some may call permadeath annoying and frustrating.I call it a fresh start.Especially considering the game world is randomly generated everytime you play it."
,Recommended,212680,7408488,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,Sebastian Sokolova,In FTL you take command of a starship traversing the galaxy to bring valuable information to the federation fleet. The game is very difficult and requires you to mnage rescources heavily. This difficulty keeps you on your toes at all times while not being rage inducing.
,Recommended,212680,7773955,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zestary,"This game makes you feel like the captain of the Enterprise. If you've ever wanted to command your own spaceship, I can guarantee that you'll love this."
76561198032034844,Recommended,212680,9784294,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Oxey,"games a lot of fun, and now it has free DLC it's the best. Not at all a waist of $10, and a definite pick up on sale"
,Recommended,212680,9758906,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,(RP) Rev Paul D,Great low tec game
,Recommended,212680,9748549,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Lost_Soul_BiH,All the best only miss steam achivments :(
,Recommended,212680,9717418,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Daevic,"This game is great for that time when you just want to kill a bit of time, its fun, its got random events that make it interesting, and it has perma-death to add suspense. The game doesnt go easy on you and you can easily find yourself low on fuel and missles, then suddenly attacked by 3-4 enemies in a row. All in all I highly recommend the game.37 hrs of play and the Crew of The Kestel are finally celebrating their first victory over the rebels. The final battle was a tense moment of Power surges VS cloaking. Lasers VS shields. Missles VS anti missle drone. and what it came down to was a slug fest, My crew huddle in one room most of my ship on fire or breached and my laser firing at his shields and weapons. in the end I won and he was space debrie.so. After 37 hours do I still recommend the game. Hell yes, as frustrating it is to watch your finely tuned plans go up in smoke by some pirate with a drone, it all helps you to learn what you need to know for that final battle and after its all said and done beating that last boss for the first time is an awesome feeling."
,Recommended,212680,9735653,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Sharing,best game gg no swag
,Recommended,212680,9930288,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Chunk,A truely amazing game with lots of love and care put into it.
,Recommended,212680,9827001,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Donald trumpet,"Amazing value, high replayability ... Because of this ... I no longer play Far Cry 3 .ABSOLUTLY RECOMMENDED!!!!9/10."
,Recommended,212680,9733215,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Domina,"An excellent game, worth the £6.99."
,Recommended,212680,9856165,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,blargles,"much more fast paced than the prequel, STL"
76561198079859570,Recommended,212680,8201167,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Monty_,The game is like walking up a flight of stairs and then getting set on fire when you reach the top. Only to tumble all the way back down.
,Recommended,212680,8084279,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Zyadon7,"I love this game.  It's simple enough, and lightweight, yet there is plenty of depth and unlimited variation.  It's a different game every time you playthrough.  The difficulty just adds to the satisfaction in my opinion.  I recomend this game very highly."
,Recommended,212680,8075875,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,H3inrIch,Most relaxing game in a long time! It's also fun :3
76561197982109946,Recommended,212680,10939072,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sean South,"Excellent game, simplisitic easy to learn interface but a challenging, strategic and often frustrating (in a good way) game, would recommend to anyone, be carefull though hours will pass before you realise it!"
,Recommended,212680,1487499,"Posted: 22 September, 2012",all,Jokine,"Imagine that you fell in love with a woman, had a nice engagment period and on your wedding day she beat the hell out of you. That's FTL."
,Recommended,212680,8666649,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,FuryOfTheGods,"100/1 would buy againIt can get frustrating at times (CURSE YOU RNG GODS!!!) but it's a game that can be enjoyed. There are many ships to unlock, each one with a second layout to unlock. You start out with the Kestrel, which is a fine ship with a human crew. Each species has advantages/drawbacks. Humans, however, have neither. The story is amazing and there are a few things that you might not pick up on, so check out the wiki/fan theories.If you're going to play this game, play it on easy. Normal is very difficult."
,Recommended,212680,8847804,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,No h8 plz,"Very good and addictive space game, can be played in short sessions or keep you glued for hours. I would really like to see a sandbox version of this."
76561197997214731,Recommended,212680,8257421,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,[YOLO]uvm420kushmaster420xx69,this game is so good physicists havent even been able to understand it
,Recommended,212680,9109645,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Jeff Goldblum,"If you don't buy this game you're a weak ♥♥♥♥♥, like tyson"
76561198045241564,Recommended,212680,9773921,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Dr.Oktoberfest,"How should I put this....Epic.End of story.Hours of play to be had, a bit challenging in the beginning but you learn the mechanics very quickly and since Advanced Edition came out, even more fun to be had blasting burning and board your way through the universe!"
76561198003480376,Recommended,212680,2174471,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,Quazimortal,"Very fun game. If you enjoy sims, sci fi, space, or micromanagement, or any of the above you will enjoy this game. My favorite part is managing all the power to my systems at crucial moments."
,Recommended,212680,3374974,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Static Butcher,"This game is awesome and does what a lot of games I've seen attempted but can't exactly pull off. Don't let the graphics throw you (though if that's your hang up, clearly the game isn't for you) and check it out. Be prepared to die a lot though. It is not an easy game. But the challenge is what adds to the fun. You control a star ship, the mission is simple (get from point A to point B) but the encounters in between are what will test both your wits and reaction. Give it a shot, you won't be disappointed (unless you hate space games, in which case I hate your face)."
76561198072786995,Recommended,212680,27817012,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,AgE666,hard but fun and rewarding
76561198113193971,Recommended,212680,27500806,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Undeadhunter75,"FTL:Faster Than Light is rouge like space-simulator made by indie developer Subset Games where you play a Federation Fleet Commander of a small courier ship holding vital information on the Rebellions new ship that could face destroy the Federation grip on the galaxy.  Along the way, you will make friends and unite together to stop the rebels. Or more accurately you will bumble through several sectors with half the crew you started out with, absolutely zero scrap and a ship held together with the chewed up bubblegum, spit and the sheer willpower of fi-And you're space debris.Lovely.FTL as the introduction suggests, has you exploring various randomly generated sectors where you gather scrap, unlock new and better ships with benefits (and minuses of course) till you reach the final boss fight. Which you won't. Unless you are extremely lucky and even then. You may as well pat yourself on the back for making it that far. Because the rebel flagship will send you straight to the start faster than two shakes of a lamb's tail. You may think I'm complaining. But believe me, that is exactly what I love about FTL. It's hard. Therefore you must think of a plan and organise your crew. Who you will grow affectionate towards until you have to send one of them into the fire of oxygenator  to repair it while you and your surviving crew members cower in the med-bay. The game will keep you going for hours and hours, dying and replaying, dying and replaying and then dying some more. You can unlock various ships by completing a series of complex quests that you will /never/ find out how to complete without looking up a guide how to do it or at least  what I had to do. The random encounters are a nice touch but I found myself getting the same ones over and over again. With the odd variation. For example, I will pick up a Mantis crewman stranded on a planet and he will join my crew on one run. But on the next, he will stab my shield operator in the gullet and teleport onto a level three shielded ship. The randomness is both a thing I love and hate in equal measure and while I like the unforgivingness of this game many others will not. But you came to read my opinion, not others.Right now FTL is on sale at £2.09, which is an absolute steal and may as well be throwing it on mass through people's windows. I recommend getting it and while you're at it. Nominate it for an award. God knows it deserves it.It might make you racist against Mantis, though."
,Recommended,212680,27740782,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Mr. Whave,"roguelike-like or roguelite or whatever you call it, this is top shelf stuff. amazing soundtrack, interesting background story that only unfolds to a certain level to give you a feel of the universe, polished mechanics, and CRAZY DIFFICULTY. keep coming back, one of my most played games of my library."
,Recommended,212680,20074616,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Zayta,Do you hate your life?Do you want to see all your hard work explode in a fiery mess?Then this game is for you!
,Recommended,212680,20624349,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Jacky,This game is harder than a priest in a playground
,Recommended,212680,20828089,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Banana Duck,I CAN'T EVEN WIN ON EASY!
76561198009454168,Recommended,212680,22093361,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,cis272,"Really fun little game, lots of replay value and also very good value for money."
76561198023774662,Recommended,212680,22265534,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Randy,"1. Loaded the game up, playing as default Hu-Nams (Star Control 2 reference; showing my age).2. First jump is a battle, sensors get blown out.3. Didn't make the mental connection that the crackling sound I hear is the fire raging across half the ship, because sensors are down.4. Try in vain to fight the fire; my piddly starting crew of 3 is breaking even with the fire, which regenerates itself while I recuperate in the medbay.5. Cuss the game out. Unsurprisingly, it's not very effective.6. Notice my Hu-Nam ship has an airlock system.7. Funnel my 3 Hu-Nams to the life-support system of The Kestrel.8. Decompress half the damned ship in a fit of desperate madness; it puts the fire out.9. A big grin forms across my face as I realize this game and I are going to get along JUST fine.9999/10. Would buy repeatedly."
76561198287767317,Recommended,212680,24225484,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Hon_Butthead,"Hard and unforgiving but beating it is very rewarding. Worth picking up, expecially if it is on sale. If you like rougelikes, you can sink a lot of time into this game. If you dont, you may want to look for an easier game"
76561198059976768,Recommended,212680,23311053,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,calibir555,9/10I was briefly entertained
,Recommended,212680,19401259,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,SlapNuts,this game frustrates me but i love it to deathyou will die/10
76561198084069021,Recommended,212680,13445918,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,KBragg,Incredible game that I would recommend to anyone.
76561197987141057,Recommended,212680,8901892,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[FeC] BobLaubLaw,"This game is Fun!! On the surface it seems simple, but there are layers of complexity and decision making that make it a thoroughly enjoyable experience. It takes about an hour to get to the boss fight at the end, but you will immediately want to start again to do things a little differently based on what you've learned. Many hours of replay-ability!  I highly recommend it!!"
,Recommended,212680,10074038,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Sebberoni,Put out a fire by suffocating my crew11/10
76561197998813335,Recommended,212680,1849044,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,ImpactHound,"Really addictive, in a Dwarf Fortress sort of way. It's quicker to jump into, easy to play, but tough to survive. The fires and boarding parties take almost as much micro as an RTS, but there's plenty of chances to pause.Be prepared to start over. A LOT."
,Recommended,212680,28000476,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Egg le'Ston,A fun rogue-like with near-endless replayability. Incredible game soundtrack and aesthetics.
76561198027558743,Recommended,212680,3801672,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Nautilus,"Ваша цель добраться до точки эвакуации и победить в конце босса.+  - игра трудная, уничтожат ваш корабль и прийдется все занова играть, но мне не понятно либо это плюс к игре придаеттяжесть и реалистичность либо минус что обидно когда почти прошел игру и тебя убили и  прийдется все занова играть.+ 9 разных кораблей со  своими характеристиками, оссобенностями и разными инопланетными юнитами.+ Прокачка экипажа есть+Вы можете проиграть из за смерти всего экипажа, уничтожение корабля, от пожара, и воздух корабле может кончиться.Берите если вы любите трудные космические рпг."
76561198144441571,Recommended,212680,20906294,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Sheeps,"I have seen several youtubers play, FTL. And ever since I have wanted to own FTL myself. However when I bought it and hoped into the game, it was very difficult at first and I had to re-try after countless times of dying to the same Mantis Pirate ship. Eventually I got through that. I guess what i am trying to say is that, FTL requires alot of trial and error, as there many different ways that you can interact in any given situation. So I recommend the game to everyone as long as they are okay dying on that first few attempts."
,Recommended,212680,9774988,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Lethal Onomatopoeia,This game is challenging. It's an adventure. It has great writing. It has great music. Its cheap. It just got a big free update.Do I recommend this game?Hell. Yes.
,Recommended,212680,17463760,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Kilo,Everything was fine and then the oxygen shut off
76561198020034805,Recommended,212680,19953739,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lee Roy,I love this game. Great fun and extremely addictive.
,Recommended,212680,1195598,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,tn5421,Playing is amusing.  Dying is even more amusing.
,Recommended,212680,1461554,"Posted: 19 October, 2012",all,Junodavidw,"An excellent game. Every playthrough is different, just in a rogue-like. The dev's really hit the nail on the head in the combat. The learning curve isn't too difficult to your modern day gamer, and is a delight to old classic gamers. If you haven't picked this one up yet, I highly suggest you do. A lot of unlockables that don't even get achieved on your first playthrough, and even then lots of different ways to play. The game has a customized way to play, and a lot of replayability."
76561198046938523,Recommended,212680,9088073,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,deadass,"Do you like space? Do you like procedurally generated games? Do you like watching a bad move doom your spaceship crew to suffocate, forcing you to create a new game?Good!FTL is actually one of my favorite games ever.EVER.And the best part is, while every mistake counts, there is really no way to tell if a situation will end poorly.You just need to hope.And if you are lucky, every time you play you'll lear something new, or ghet a new ship.AND IT WILL NEVER HELP YOU TAKE ON THE FINAL BOSS"
,Recommended,212680,9410908,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Sparkler,"A FANTASTIC game. It really gives you a sence of control, and the art style is awsome."
,Recommended,212680,13774461,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,MOGGO,BEAM ME UP SCOTTYyes lads im backthis games pretty cool if you like spaceshipsits a random concepty kinda gamesoyebuy it if you want
,Recommended,212680,13146508,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,KRBY [ Sand Dunes Are Life ],Would panic and cry over my dying crew again 10/10
,Recommended,212680,7777677,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Inimicable,Fun game with short (sometimes painfully short) gameplay.  Random setup sometimes leads to punishing scenarios.
,Recommended,212680,15554692,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,ShadowHunterUnlimited,"I just love this game, i mean... there is so many different way to do certian things... like for instance, you could destroy an enemy ship by burning your enemies, making the ship have no oxygen and even mind controlling someone on the other ship to destroy its crew and to destroy his ship by himself!!Of course their are such ways to doing things, like putting a fire out you could just open one of the airlock doors and direct the lack of oxygen to the fire... everyone knows that fire needs oxygen to burn right?? Just an amazing example of what the physics are like in this game.I personally have not defeated the boss at the end... but i have come very close, and i love that in a game where every time you get to the final sector... you either have 4 weapons and three drones with only 2 members of crew, or 2 weapons and about 8 crew... there is so much possibilities to this game... lots of cool acheivments, unlockable ships... crew customisation and even different ship layouts!!This game had a lot of potential and they used that to make a brilliant game. I recommend this game to players who like planning, strategy games and maybe even micro-management... I just want to congratulate all the people who made this game and how well a job they did. Thanks for the awesome game... Im out, Peace <3"
,Recommended,212680,7840886,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Heavy Mettle,"When strategy meets action, there's a slim chance for success. FTL doesn't know what a no-win situation is, and smashes through the gaming barrier of the two genres with pinpoint accuracy. This game belongs in your library. Here's why:Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of you in a tiny little vessel struggling to stay ahead of a fleet that is gunning for you with big, nasty battle-cruisers capable of vaporizing your ship and your crew with it....but not if you're clever.FTL puts you in the seat of the captain, granting you the freedom to wage war, (or not) at your discretion. You place people at the con, promote others to chief engineer, or grant them control over the weapon systems. It's up to you, and their lives are riding on your ability to think on your feet. If you've ever seen an episode of Star Trek, you know that things don't ever go the way you plan them to. The same applies here.Should you grant sanctuary to a rogue mantis? Will you risk the lives of your crew to stop a fire spreading on a colony? Dare you grant mercy to the crew of the warships trying to kill you?The choices are real, and the consequences can come back to haunt you on your next jump. So many times have I been stuck staring at the screen, with the grim understanding that I've just backed myself into a corner. However improbable though, your split-second decisions can turn the tide of war in your favor, yielding great riches or rare devices for your ship.The soundtrack is stimulating. With a score by Ben Prunty that not only keeps you pumped, but grants that delightful sense of immersion through ambience, you'll be wanting the OST by the end of your first playthrough. Invest in the soundtrack bundle.The dialogue is believable, and well-crafted. You'll never meet a situation that you're bored by, as you meet not only malicious bounty hunters, but obscure traders who sell black-market goods in the dark corners of the galaxy. With the ability to name and customize your crew, the chance to lose yourself in the cast of your very own sci-fi thriller is quite likely.You'll get attached to ships. You'll invest great time and effort into crafting the perfect frigate or cruiser, stealth bomber or invasion drop-ship as you find new and creative ways to travel the universe. You'll regret losing crew-mates, and you'll feel genuine rage at the overwhelmingly intelligent AI as they access the weaknesses of your vessel and turn your ship into a bucket of holes.Most of all though; you'll never look back and question that this game was money well-spent. FTL is a must-have for any person who wants to get infinite-replay value on the bridge of a starship. Don't take my word for it though...*points ahead*Thrusters on full."
,Recommended,212680,28199221,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,Space Troll,I like the rouge-like futuristic turn based real time hybrid space dungeon system they have going on here. It took me many hours to get a hang of the tactics needed to get to the end and win... eventually. Totally worth the $$. This game paid for itself within a week with all the time I spent playing it and the enjoyment that it gave me. 4 out of 5 stars.
,Recommended,212680,9715203,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Spedge On Toast,"One of my favourite games of all time. This game is absolutely fantastic. It has so much replayability, a bunch of different ship types which ensure you switch up your play style accordingly, the randomly generated story is great, the art assets are pretty good (especially the backgrounds,  but the screw sprites are lackluster), and the soundtrack is a MASTERPIECE. If you are a human being, you should play this game."
,Recommended,212680,15698432,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,"NO, THAT'S WRONG","Yes, the game is really difficult, but that's what keeps it from being boring. And plus, who doesn't like a little challenge now and then?Is it mind-bogglinly hard? Yes.Does it have those dreaded moments where you're pumped-up, ready to go, got good equip, and then an enemy ship finds your weak point and kills you? Yes.Was it worth the $2.99 I paid for(75% off sale)? Hell yes."
,Recommended,212680,31756409,Posted: 14 May,all,Baguett0 boi,"Although 16 hours for a game shouldn't really be enough to review it, I can easily say that this has to be one of my favorite games. The difficulty is extremely hard yet enjoyable (I haven't even beaten the final stand yet), the weapon array is vast and can make many different strategies. The designs in this game are simple yet thoroughly executed, and quite pretty I might add. When you're in danger, the game let's you know that you are INDEED in danger, with flashing lights, showing that systems are on fire or broken, beeping health bars when your hull is almost broke, it really gives you a sense of fear and panic as you try to frantically recover. The soundtrack for this game is absolutely beautiful, and the way it is able to transition from safety to battle theme is probably the best part about it. It makes you feel like you're in space with the crew. The level system can be a little bit frustrating at times however, given that scrap isn't always the easiest to get. This however, makes it somewhat thoughtful about what you're going to spend scrap on next, which is pretty good. Material can be somewhat finite and difficult to get. I've gone through whole sectors not finding any missles, and sometimes the stores don't have enough to supply you with. This again though, is a matter of thoughtfulness on how much you use during battles. Over all, this is a very good game, which tests your strategic skills and has a colorful world with it.TL;DRPros--Amazing music-great art design-gives you a very good understanding of endangerment-hard yet enjoyableCons--low scrap/resourcesI'd give this game and over all 9/10"
76561198100598820,Recommended,212680,14886998,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Sandy,"Really good game to play while you're waiting for something, nice and chilled and simple to get"
76561198083575802,Recommended,212680,8836024,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,zapphique,"A highly enjoyable experience as it is, and with a free overhaul of a DLC coming right around the corner, I couldn't recommend FTL: Faster Than Light enough. This is one of those must-have(s)... if you are a fan of roguelikes and tense, tactical, interactive space combat situations that never fail to impress, than you CANNOT pass this title up. One of those games that really make a name for itself."
,Recommended,212680,6560102,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,failedcarrot,"THIS GAME IS LIKE CLIMBING A ♥♥♥♥ING LADDER AND ONCE YOU GET HALFWAY UP SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SHOOTS YOU IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥AND YOU FALL OFF, AND THEN THE ♥♥♥♥ING LADDER CATCHES ON FIRE"
76561198067959266,Recommended,212680,32348005,Posted: 11 June,all,Scuba,One of the best games on Steam.
76561198029461986,Recommended,212680,32906549,Posted: 27 June,all,bubbah_dean,"A game that I thought i'd play for 20 minutes turned out to be 3 hours of gameplay, and yes the hours are only gonna get higher. That's how fun this game is. For $2.49 it's a steal (I would even pay full price for this game).10/10"
,Recommended,212680,22152516,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Bite,"I will most likely never beat this game in my life, and I'm very happy with that."
76561198112775390,Recommended,212680,23764416,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,k.zaworotna,"Perfect game.Simple, yet very interesting."
76561198027253089,Recommended,212680,27069171,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bsberzerker,"One of the best indie Kickstarter games I've ever played. It has great Roguelike elements, a great sound track. It is worth a try."
76561198073062827,Recommended,212680,32698203,Posted: 23 June,all,Euclid,"You are a federation ship trying to deliver some key information to defend against the rebels. Your job is to travel through the galaxy, fight your way through pirates, mercenaries, and rebels to upgrade you ship and get crew members. Struggle to manage your resources during real-time fights and running from a fleet of rebels in turn based movements through each sector. The difficulty of this game is just forgiving enough to make you immediately start a new run after dying because you were *so* close to the end and you can do it this time for sure, then 10 hours later you win and realize that this was just the game on easy. Normal is a nightmare, and for some reason, it was decided that the advanced edition a hard mode would be added for the masochist in us all. Basically, FTL is an extremely well made rouge-like strategy game with a great soundtrack that really fits the atmosphere of the game."
,Recommended,212680,9711253,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,DeusVultage™,"10/10 higly recomended, just be prepared to rage"
76561198048134608,Recommended,212680,32998016,Posted: 29 June,all,Gandalf,"Fantastic. Looking forward to more from this studio. Writing during the steam sale, and for $2 this game is beyond worth that."
,Recommended,212680,10577131,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Omae Wa Mou Shindeiru,"Pressed buttons, ships exploded, ran out of fuel and died.11/10Will die again."
76561198066055714,Recommended,212680,10554493,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,AlmeroZA,This game is great.
,Recommended,212680,14846635,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,jenny,It's good.
,Recommended,212680,32916358,Posted: 27 June,all,wildan3236,This game hates me
76561198023787321,Recommended,212680,10429760,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Stevie,game is hard but fair.. do not underestimate the depth of the game or feel it owes you a victory until you know how to play
,Recommended,212680,32821825,Posted: 26 June,all,ONEORTHRR,"This is more an anti-negative review than a positive one. What i mean by this is that im not gonna say why i think game is good, which I do.long//:The point is that all of those people that are writing negative reveiws and complaining about RNG factor in the game are being rediculus.( And thats like 80%+ of the negative reviews)Yes FTL has a great deal of RNG in it, BUT not so much that it ruins your experience, in fact it does quite the opposite of that.RNG in FTL ( same as in many other games with RNG ) gives the thrill in the game, its the RNG that makes game exciting, risky and in the end .. rewardingSo please stop whining about the beautiful RNG , and if you still think that this, modest, amount of RNG in the game is ruining it THEN PLEASE   .......   go   .........      and           ...................         play        ..   chess_ 0.00 luck in chessIn short//:RNG is one of the things that makes this game good, definitely not ANY worse.p.s. I have quite a bit more hours in this game but I .. ugh have had it cracked for *some* time   :)"
76561198071649219,Recommended,212680,10696483,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Funaria,This game has consumed way too much of my time. It's great to just pick up and play when you have a few minutes to waste and don't know what you want to do.
76561198035087624,Recommended,212680,32888720,Posted: 27 June,all,Berê,"If you're still thinking about buying this game, just stop and buy. Worth every peny.It's the Dark Souls of it's kind and highly addictive."
76561198003333746,Recommended,212680,2165729,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Ninjamongo,This game is AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,212680,8846103,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,WalkieOnTheBeach,Bought slave scorpion and made him pilot the ship.10/10 would buy slave scorpion again.
,Recommended,212680,2087749,"Posted: 13 December, 2012",all,wildlands,"So many choices! So many consquences! This game is super hard, but so much fun!"
,Recommended,212680,9352437,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Rin,Cloak to evade all incoming missiles and blast the Rebel all over the space with lasers.10/10
,Recommended,212680,7885914,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,t(-_-t),"Faster Than Light is probably the best game I have ever played. With such a wide variety of ships to play as. With its massively explorable and randomly generated maps, the fact that FTL is 2D is nothing. The thing is you will never know what you will face in one of your runs as it will always be different even. the scenrios have a random chance of apearing. I would highly recommend FTL because how versatile it is."
,Recommended,212680,33407751,Posted: 9 July,all,Kill me,"Great and original game, challenging, fun, a ton of replayability, nice music/sounds/graphics, only complain I can find about it is 1) the game itself has achievements, but not steam ones. 2) some items seems imbalanced, mostly talking about offense drones that seems really expensive (talking about energy requierement) and not worth it, like, boarding drones, fire drones and the fact that defense/combat drone I is considered better than defense/combat drone II is silly imo. But ignoring those things the game is fantastic. The lack of pvp feels like wasted potential tho but not sure how that would turn out, thus I'll not call it ""3)"". Would be nice imo if you could target your boarding drone/ion intruder just like with hacking. Or if combat/fire/beam drones didn't focus empty rooms (both yours and AI's), makes the rng pretty frustrating. TL;DR some weapons/drones/augmentations feels like they need a buff. The game is still pretty decently balanced, if you get something you don't need, just sell it for money to purchase something else"
,Recommended,212680,8290062,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,10albersa,"FTL may be a bit overwhelming at first, but after a few attempts at navigating the galaxy, it becomes a game that is hard to put down.  The level of difficulty is perfectly set so that it takes more than just luck to win.  In addition, there are so many different ways to go about winning and so many different things to earn that this game does not get old."
76561198077353228,Recommended,212680,16226083,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Karui,"I went into this game blind not knowing what to expect and I was pleasntly surprised.This game is immersive, fun, and addictive. The three best words to describe a game. It was totally worth every penny I spent. If you enjoy randomized maps, strategy, and management, this game is for you."
,Recommended,212680,24963978,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,h3retic,1 word:masterpiece.
,Recommended,212680,13648500,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sergio di Napoli,"Two words: dangerously addictive.Vaguely reminds me of PSI5 Trading Company.It's my first review in Steam (I am a Steam user since June 2013). I never had the patience to write about a game, but this one is just too perfect, and deserves it.Before this, the only game who made me an addict as much as this game was Alpha Centauri."
76561198026465707,Recommended,212680,22836830,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Turtle,"I absolutely love this game and have poured hours into it. FTL has so many amazing features, my favourite being the many different paths one can take to develop your ship to destroy your enemies in various ways. You can disable/destroy their oxygen thereby suffocating them, transport your crew into their ship and kill them from the inside, set fires throughout their ship that will eventually consume them or simply destroy their hull.The games mechanics are almost flawless, but the storyline needs some work. In fact I pay no attention to it when I perform a run since it is the same everytime. IMO there should either be multiple storylines, or one that explains the multiple runs, like in Spelunky for instance.All in all this greatest flaw that I can see takes little from the game, and I highly suggest buying it."
76561198079548185,Recommended,212680,15989599,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nova Maelstrom,"Incredibly fun, but you will die....many times."
,Recommended,212680,22294260,"Posted: 7 April, 2016",all,DrowningPlanes,"This is such an incredible game.  I DO enjoy hard games, but even as this game can border on ridiculous, I still enjoy playing.  It has a very good soundtrack and visuals and is one of the few games I can sit down and play over and over again without getting bored."
,Recommended,212680,16456671,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,fruminous,"Get it. If you are even thinking about getting it, get it.If you don't want to get it, you're horribly wrong. HORRIBLY.In the words of Shia LaBeouf, "" DO IT.""Pro Tip: Avoid giant alien spiders at all cost.Pro Tip 2: You will die. It is inevitable. Anyone who thinks they can ace the game on their first, or even their tenth playthrough is going to be horribly wrong. HORRIBLY. And thats what makes it so fun.11/10 would die from oxygen loss again."
,Recommended,212680,27102520,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nik,Easiest 100% achievement attainment. 10/10(Hint: Add achievements kthx!)
,Recommended,212680,26856398,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daleks,"FTL is a game I keep coming back to.It is one of the most challenging indie games and it comes with a great soundtrack that I can listen to all day.I still struggle when playing this game and I am still learning on how to beat the harder difficulties.With a lot of unique races and hidden background lore found in various events and texts, this game made me feel very immersed in the world it has created with its beautiful design.This game features one of the most amazing moments in my entire gaming life and with the amount of great mods there is no way I will ever forget this game.The gameplay might not be for everyone. Those who like it will find this game quickly rising on top of their favourites list though.The game is really cheap. If you ever have the money, I really recommend you getting this game when you can. You will most likely not regret it."
76561198087687483,Recommended,212680,27498028,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DracoScythem,"FTL, in my opinion, is one of these games which only focus one specific, rather simple concept, but execute it without the slightest flaw and to maximum extent - if you like 2D space sims (especially ones that can be become a real challenge and/or have a not-that-small modding community) you should play this game. Period."
76561197994137432,Recommended,212680,27499413,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Confused,"This is an awesome [enter Sci Fi franchise of your choice here] emulator. You command a ship that is fleeing an enemy fleet and you have limited resources in order to cross vast swathes of the galaxy. You cannot save everyone and people are going to die. You can be good or bad and the consequences are largely random (rather then getting the usual short-term boosts for evil and long term boosts for good). Even on easy it takes a while to get out of the first stages. It has the best, most desperate, moments of BSG and DS9. Here are a few decisions I have had to make while playing:- Should I flush my engineer into space to put out a fire or should I have my crew rush to his aid while I am in the middle of a fire fight?- Should I replace my engineer with an ill-begotten slave from a slave trader?- Should I allow that slave ship I am attacking to bribe me not to attack them because I am in perilous shape and need the supplies?- How long can I afford to suffocate my crew for?It is great, cheap, and it works on Linux."
76561198041040258,Recommended,212680,4714106,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,April Ryan,"SIMPLE, but PERFECT!"
76561198087134095,Recommended,212680,8303046,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Khan07,This game is extremely fun and addicting but has the power to keep you frustrated and satisfied at the same time! Definitely recommend!
76561198087840047,Recommended,212680,21977711,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Mad_as_a_Hatter,Can someone please make a mod with pirate ships?
,Recommended,212680,312406,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Eddie Rapecase,"A fun spaceship strategy game that prances around as a rogue-like. Tons of replay value and text-based adventures included, with randomly appearing ""super hard"" paths that reward players with new in-game spaceships.Name your crew after family and friends and watch them brave the void of space."
,Recommended,212680,14318036,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,[C*G*C] Aura,Named all of my crew members after my friendsThis is a rouge-likekilling off friends/10
,Recommended,212680,9754127,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Jedi Master Distance4life,"Your task for this game is simple, survive up until the end, then blow up the enemy ship saving the day (universe? galaxy?). You are charged with taking a ship with limited capabilites and upgrading it into a killing machine. Before, there were clear cut strategies that were able to work. With the additional new bays for the ship, strategies change. Want to suffocate your enemy, go ahead. Want to sit back and let ion cannons destroy the enemy shields allowing a laser to hit their ship, sure. Want to teleport onto the enemy ship, be my guest. There are so many possiblities with strategies in this game. With all of the different races and ships and bays including the new ones, this game has amazing replay value, as two ships you use will quite be the same. Oh and you can rename the people on your ship to give them funny names."
76561198250310664,Recommended,212680,23087881,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,HIGH NOON,"I got to say, this game is fantastic. Other than my slight anoyance at it not syncing my unlocked ships with my ipad, this game is flawless. I don't know what the big deal is with dark souls; this game is much more brutal."
,Recommended,212680,9821036,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Δημήτριος Πολιορ,"So ♥♥♥♥ing good, if you haven't played since the new content was added a few weeks ago, GO, GO NOW"
,Recommended,212680,32988844,Posted: 29 June,all,Cold Glass of Water <F4T4L>,I lost Faster Than Light.  (͡° ʖ °)
,Recommended,212680,9020465,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Laughing Danny Elfman,♥♥♥♥ing excellent.
,Recommended,212680,6190953,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,tarhuman3,"Space, Space, SpaceEXPLOSIONSSpace,Space,Space"
76561198107238066,Recommended,212680,15590139,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,The Funsized Asian,"Turned me into a paranoid monster that thinks everybody who sends distress calls are pirates. Probably could have saved thousands of lives, but at least my four man crew is okay.11/10 Would be heartless again"
76561197983419516,Recommended,212680,9716528,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,=ASJA= [WCK]Aimbot,"One of my favorite games and one you can keep coming back to. Be warned; it is difficult and involves chance. You can and probably will get into unwinnable situations and can even make it all the way to the end but unable to win. Still, the variety of different crew, ships, challenges, and ways to specialize your ship make it fun. I love the fire weapons personally.Why blow the enemy ship up with lasers and missiles when you can light the whole thing on fire?My only criticism is that some of the unlocks require several steps and are based on certain events occuring, but there is no way to know which is right for the unlock.I think I got this on sale, but it's well worth the $10, especially now with more free content. The music was fun before, but I'm loving the updated soundtrack."
,Recommended,212680,10039440,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,MittenMarauder,"There are few games that after a few hours of painstakingly doing everything to succeed, only to horribly die anyway, you think to yourself you cannot wait to do it all again. FTL is one of those games.Overall, the game is not difficult. Overall, the concept of it is rather simple. Captain your ship from A to B, and do not die in the process. However, the choices you make as a new player will most likely kill your crew. Then, as you learn what is and is not a good idea, you get a little farther. Finally, once you think you have it all down, you get over confident and get your ship blown up anyhow. To add to it all, every playthrough is random (Rogue-like) so you cannot learn a pattern to ""win"".In addtion to that replay value, you can get different ships that are unlocked through various methods, which do not necessarily make the game any easier or harder, but rather fit a certain playstyle better. Now, you could upgrade any ship to do any of these specializations (or all), but each ship also gets different crewmembers (each race has their own abilities) and layouts.tl;dr Do yourself a favor and get this game!"
76561198040962589,Recommended,212680,10708285,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Culain,"This is a challenging but fun and rewarding game that will test your decision making skills on the fly and the patience to endure through hardship as the losses continue to pile up. If you can remain adamant in your will to achieve victory perhaps you'll discover one of the many winning formulas that will lead you to continued success.The general flow of the game consists of choosing a weak starship and slowly building your combat ability through weapons, crew, and supporting systems as you flee from a seemingly unstopable foe; all while trying to maintain a balance of key resources like fuel which could mean certain doom if you run out. The game features many event choices that can reward your decisions with new weapons or could cost you the life of your crew, by adding certain facilities to your ship you'll be able to choose from a more expansive list of choices that  can sway the event in your favour.The combat consists of two ships (yours and your foes) divided via a split screen, while waiting for your weapons to charge you can shuffle the power around your ship to boost different systems, have you ever wanted to yell something like ""Diverge all power from the engines into forward shields.""? Well now you can. When you weapons have finished charging you can decide 'where' on the enemy ship to fire, do you want to disablew their weapons or perhaps for the more twisted at heart you may consider targetting their o2 and watching them suffocate- with greater loot to boot.The soundtrack for ftl is very atmospheric and memorable, you'll ocassionaly find yourself humming to it. There was such a demand for the sound track that it is also available for purchase.Length, replayabiliy? An average run through the game from beginning to end with a single ship could take you anywhere from 1-5 hours, but it is often cut short when you learn that death lurks around every corner of the universe. The meat of the game lasts in it's replayability, you can spend close to a hundred hours unlocking all the different ships- each with a unique theme and style of play. There are so many different random events that no two runs are alike, just when you might think you've lost a run a lucky weapon drop could suddenly swing things back into your favour.This game is not for everyone, it is very cruel to newcomers. While it may all appear to be luck and rng based, it is rather more about controlling probability. Prepare to spend at least 20 hours of experiencing loss and learning from your mistakes because the game can be beaten with relative ease once you understand how it ticks.Great game for those willing to put somesolid effort into understanding."
,Recommended,212680,27490869,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dyrak55,"One of the best strategic rogue-like even to this day that inspired many other games such as ConvoyAlso pretty unforgivable one and heavily depends on random like most rogue-like gamesHas pretty steep difference between difficulties, i beaten the game on Easy more than 18 times and yet to finish it on NormalMusic is also one of the best parts of the game, i can listen to it for hours without getting bored out of it, sector 8 music makes my heart beat fasterAdanced Edition was the best update that fixed most of the faults and bugs of default FTLAlso added the whole new race and much more systems\weapons increase the overall fun and difficulty of your runaway from rebel fleet"
,Recommended,212680,30784182,Posted: 27 March,all,Not elyK,"This game is amazing I played it for hours at first and then stopped. Later I started playing it again and I played it for hours straight. I wish their was a coop/multiplayer version of this game but their new game Into the Breach has to be good if it's anything like this game. The graphics look bad when you first look but they look amazing playing for a long time. Enjoy destroying ships, killing crews, and DOMINATING THE FINAL BOSS!"
,Recommended,212680,3815129,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,Randomman96,"For those who like Sci-Fi games, want to command your own Star Ship, and like very frustrating games, then you will like this."
,Recommended,212680,9775317,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ranger James,"8.5/10FTL, this is a veryoriginalgame. The story is simple, you are controlling a crew of alien races through the depths of space (or 8 sectors) to fight the rebels. There are many different ways to play FTL but they are locked until you beat a certain portion of the game. The first ship, the kestral, is a very customizable ship and is very spacious, but very slow in its weapon charge time. If you get to the final boss, theRebel Flag Ship, you are most likely going to die without the right materials. Weapons... now the best way i can explain it is that there are 4 types (5 if you count drone control): Laser, Projectile, Beam, and Ion. Laser is basic point & click, Projectile (or missle) uses a missle everytime you shoot it and pierces through all sheilds, Beam you drag a line over any room you can reach and does damage to them but cannot break through shields, and Ion is self-explanetory. FTL also uses a system thatthe binding of issac useswhich is called the random number generator, so that you have a different adventure everytime. Even though I find this to be a very difficult game, i keep comming back to it. Overall, I give this game a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,212680,3428450,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,420Stoic [dullahan],"People die when they are killed, like your entire crew."
,Recommended,212680,726524,"Posted: 6 October, 2012",all,Pumpkinator,"This game is one of the best 10$ games that I have bought so far! Its an arcade like style of play as though you only have 1 life per gameplay, but thats the idea to die! lol, As every gameplay you do they will be different and random events and sometimes you do good and sometimes you dont.... You use ur own strategy everytime you play and what you run into things along your trip, but this could also affect it by what you run into.... So if you like a good strategy game and kind of like a board game movement with some awesome space combat action being 2D time base lol I would recommend this game to you!"
76561197961604249,Recommended,212680,11916203,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,2Ð,"Engines on fire and they boarded your shields? Mantis can't stop em?♥♥♥♥ em, open the air locks."
76561198131297592,Recommended,212680,25892130,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,Urogi,When i first got the game i vowed to beat it on normallittle did i realize how ♥♥♥♥ing hard that task wasstill trying
,Recommended,212680,33200988,Posted: 3 July,all,Mr.Gibbys,"Great gameplay, great soundtrack, and damn brutal."
,Recommended,212680,8923735,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Minoris,"Boy...This is a tricky one.I'm not going to NOT recommend it. It's a good game, that's for sure, and I don't regret buying it. I've only played 7 hours so far, but there's no doubt I'll sink in some more hours so... yeah, it's a good game.But it's really not as marvellous and great and perfect as some reviews suggest. For one thing, this game does not have ""awesome random events"". The game IS one gigantic random event. There's really nothing you can do that you are SURE will bring in positive or negative outcomes. This total lack of control feels refreshing at times, but it's more frustrating than anything else in my opinion. Some randomness is good, but to me, things get old pretty fast when everything works on a dice roll.Other than that, the game is pretty hard and unforgiving. Good change of pace, considering the amount of titles that get thrown at our face where actions have no consequences. So don't get too attached to your crew... you'll see them die soon enough.So... yeah. I like this game. But it's not the game of the century. It got so much praise that I guess I'm just a tad disappointed. Actually, I see it more as a time killer, kind of like Eufloria (yes, I did just compare FTL to Eufloria. Go figure).But hey, that's just my opinion. Grab it for 2 or 3 bucks on sale and make your own opinion, you probably won't regret it."
,Recommended,212680,10457453,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,PekO,"I didnt choose the Spaceship life The spaceship life chose me,But in other wordsThis game has been the game that has Surprised me the most out of all the other games ive got, it brings my Inner Demon to kill all the SpuceShups  whilest canceling their Oxygen and making them choke  to death, A very slow and painful death.Cons~Gets boring after a while~GODANM FINAL BOSS JUST PLZ DIE FUUUUUUUUPros~The Dlc that has came free with the game its just like Weow its just amazing at what these developers have given us with the New ship ( Which i have not unlocked ) And a new Alien ( 0 clue what it is ) And it just adds a more of a punch to this already great game and more of a Role Play~The gameplay itself is just a nice 2D nothing major but it seems to fit this game just right.~The Weapons and Drones:PEW PEW PEW < all for Weapons. The Drones makes life easier depending on which side they are on but the Repair systems robot omg has saved my life so many times, Boarding drone, This thing is a beast its just like Surprise motherf*cker and the ship goes BOOM BOOMDo i recommend this game:nope its♥♥♥♥♥♥please get betterThats what i would say if i was an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but this game is a great little game to play for a small session to kill time!"
76561198025838564,Not Recommended,212680,8831484,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"I have a love/hate relationship with FTL. I love it because it’s fun. I hate it because of the roguelike element. My question is why can’t this crowd with the never-ending hard on for roguelikes & permadeath simply erase their own save files when they die? Wouldn’t that solve everything? Couldn’t the devs include a regular save option for us “inferior” gamers who prefer games to be enjoyable instead of miserably frustrating?In case you don’t know what I’m talking about, there is an option to save in FTL. However, when you die, the game automatically erases your save file. If you try to get cute & alt+tab out then close the game, it will also automatically erase your save file. That means you have to start all the way over again from the beginning. When the devs go out of their way to make safeguards preventing people from enjoying their game, that earns an automatic fail from me.Also, there is a final boss fight which requires a strategy to beat that you will have to plan for from the start of the game. Not just that, but even if you know which weapons & upgrades you want to invest in, there’s no guarantee you will come across them during your journey to the final boss. Everything changes each time you start a new game to guarantee you won’t know what lies at the next jump point. I cheated by copying my save files into a separate folder after making a successful jump and I still couldn’t quite take down the last form of the final boss.The sad thing is FTL would be a purely delightful title if I could only play it the way I want to. Other indie roguelikes are poorly designed or unbearably dull, but not FTL. I like not knowing what’s going to happen when I make a jump. I like the feeling of constantly being on the run from the enemy fleet chasing me. I like exploring old ship wrecks, recruiting alien crew members, finding upgrades for my ship, and leveling up my ship’s crew as I play. But I don’t like having to start from scratch because I made one bad jump. Give me a tough challenge and let me figure out how to beat it, but don’t wipe out all of my progress with a cheap death."
76561198315444152,Recommended,212680,33365456,Posted: 7 July,all,mendezescorzaandres,FTL Just awesom!!
,Recommended,212680,24453876,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Marlock,"It's a short retro minimalist space academy strategy adventure game where you will die at least some 5 times before getting the hang of it (even on easy mode). After you understand that you can put out fires faster without killing 2 or 3 members of your crew just by stopping the ship's O2 generator and waiting for the oxigen to be consumed in the burning room, you'll understand you CAN and NEED to be clever to get stuff done efficiently while managing your ship. THAT's when the game shines and things gets very entertaining!I'd recommend this for really anyone who likes at least one of the genres it can be associated with (short retro minimalist space academy strategy adventure...).GOODThe game is very cheap.I seriously love puzzle games and this is no exception.The puzzle mechanics are rich and challenging in the right measure.You can relax and take your time with the puzzles, no time challenges involved.Level design is minimalistic but quite beaultiful.BADNothing... maybe not having all the time in the world to explore every planetary system because of the rebel army coming after you... but it also makes the game more balanced and challenging, forces you to make sacrifices and plan your movements through the galaxy better... maybe it could have an alternate mode without this, call it ""galaxy explorer"".UGLYNothing, seriously! The retro style is really cute retro, not a ""lazy-developer-ugly"" style like some stuff going around."
,Recommended,212680,33597809,Posted: 16 July,all,mosheisley,"deceptively complex, maybe the only game everyone on steam should own without exception."
,Recommended,212680,21039424,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,SanaLambo,"This is a fantastic combination of a rogue-like fame with space, indie, beautiful music, spaceships, random and other. I spent 20 hours and still learning and still open new opportunities."
,Recommended,212680,8988313,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,AverinDreams,"The advanced edition for this game should be ""Prepare to die again and again and again edition""10/10 would prepare for no reason againSome things i think are good about this game:Difficulty even on easyRouge-likeThe pure amount of different things you can do and get killed byThe dieingThe learningThe wining ( After about 50 repeats)Things that disapoint me about this game:The only thing we've got close to a sequel is Advanced Edition :(The lack of endless modeNo Workshop supportOther than that i love this game :)"
,Recommended,212680,10732244,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rykx0r,"FTL is the perfect blend of casual ""time waster"" and in depth time devourer.  I loved trying to make my way in a hostile universe.  The only complaint I have is that the last part of the game really breaks the flow, battling the rebel flagship and such.  But it's still a fun game and I'd heartily recommend it if you ever dreamt of being a starship captain."
,Recommended,212680,9757554,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Danielh,I may have only had this for a few days.... but it's excellent.
76561197979806941,Recommended,212680,9787291,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Vagabond,The games pretty good but even on easy mode it is pretty brutal.  Expect to die quite a bit.
,Recommended,212680,11514084,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,OctanePhantom,"What is there to say about FTL other than it is an amazing game that can provide you hours of limitless fun. The wide range of weaponry allows for a variety of play styles and can keep speedrunners and explorers alike entertained.The real gem is the games combat system which allows for on the fly tactical decision making that can impact the fate of your ship and her crew, all at the slip of misplaced energy bars.The graphics of the game are charming, and allow for those with lower end computers to enjoy the same fun as people with more expensive rigs. While it may be a turn-off for some, the simplified blocky art style showcases the gritty and fearful nature of the game and what lies beyond the great expanse of spaceProcedural generation makes it so that no 2 adventures are the same, however the same cannot be said about the specific encounters or battles as they will inevitably repeat themselves. This can become annoying over multiple playthroughs, but overall will not detract from the game as a whole.In conclusion, I would reccomend this game to someone who has always wanted to be at the helm of their very own starship, or someone who just needs a casual breakaway from your everyday AAA-cookie cutter title.Rating: 9/10"
,Recommended,212680,9773224,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Fingers,"- Game is unforgiving, even on easy.- Final boss would be declared a cheater in any other situation.- Zoltan shields are an invite to get random boarding events and laughing at you.- Unlock Criteria for Crystal Ship is Ridiculous.Screw this game: 10/10"
76561197984718365,Recommended,212680,10547737,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,brendenty84,Giant Alien Spiders are no joke. Buy it.
76561197993869948,Recommended,212680,1501616,"Posted: 4 October, 2012",all,Superscope,"Cheap.. and Fun as hell, +1 recommendation from yours truely"
76561198010210004,Recommended,212680,10696591,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Vulf,"This 2-d overhead starship-crew simulator is deceptively indepth.  Each time you start up a new game, you will get a fresh ship and crew, which you must help survive through all the sectors until a final boss confrontation at the end.Whether you complete your mission or are destroyed, nothing carries over to your next playthrough, but you are able to unlock  several new ship types and alternate starting loadouts for the ships.  There is some slight customization, you can rename your ship and each starting crewmember, and adjust crewmen colors.When presented with options, you'll have to weigh the safety of your crew with the chance to acquire extra scrap.  Remember, noone is safe in a galaxy of terror, so try not to get attached to your crew.  You'll have the chance to recruit new members through hiring at space stations or rescuing them from slavers, and it is an enjoyable experience trying to preserve their lives while at the same time trying to protect your ship from enemy attacks.You'll often have to make decisions that will have serious consequences.  Do you hang around in one sector longer in order to aquire extra resources, at the risk of the rebel fleet catching up to you and forcing a fight with an elite enemy in order to jump to the next sector?  Do you choose to travel into a nebula where your sensors are useless and your engine's power is halved, but giving you more time to improve your ship while the rebel fleet moves more slowly through the nebula as well?The simple graphics are charming in their own way, the sound effects adequate.  The tension from fights are relieved by the ability to pause at any time to queue up actions, but you'll still find yourself tensing up whenever the enemy ship fires rockets, to see if they harmlessly fly by or hit a key system.As for combat, their are multiple ways you can set your ship up.  You can focus on rapid fire enery weapons that knock down shields fast and allow you to use heavy beams to sweep across several rooms of the enemy ship.  You can focus on building up drone units, that launch and circle the enemy ship doing constant damage, or defensive drones that knock down missles before they can hit, or drones that travel throughout your ship, repairing the hull and fighting intruders.  You can install a teleportation chamber and send your hardiest crew members directly over to fight the enemy crew.The total package makes for an engaging experience that first party companies try to achieve with huge budgets and complex systems.  It is a game you can play as a small diversion when you have 20 minutes, coming back to your save when you can, or you can spend hours at a time cruising the galaxy.  If you can appreciate the gameplay despite the dated presentation of the graphics, I would definitely recommend FTL."
76561198242349722,Recommended,212680,33006474,Posted: 29 June,all,drawde_,"Great game, super addictive."
,Recommended,212680,20493476,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Paid_Didnt_Win,The RNG simulator to beat all RNG simulators.  Suprisingly deep and strategic but still subject to complete♥♥♥♥♥f#ckery when RNGesus decides it's time to bring the hammer down.  Can be simultaneously rewarding and absolutely soul-crushing.Don't buy this is if completely unfair and unwinnable scenarios in games raise your blood pressure.
76561198006577102,Recommended,212680,27499452,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Commissar Coles,"Have played this game many times, have won a few times. always willing to die again."
76561198049844578,Recommended,212680,17107872,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Jefre117,"I bought FTL when it was on sale for € 2.50 and didn't touch it for a while because the look of it kinda confused me and sort of scared me from giving it try. It probebly didn't help that other reviews were saying that the game is insanely hard (which it is on normal and hard difficulty). But i gave it a try anyway and wasn't dissapointed in the least. This game provides you with a very deep gameplay experience with text based storytelling leaving it up to your fantasy to create the universe around you.My experience with the game:In my first couple of try's on nomal difficulty i didn't get far because of lack of experience to the point it looked absolutely unfair sometimes. But for some reason i was loving the insane difficulty and sometimes complete unfairness the game presented me.Later on i tryed playing the game on easy difficulty and it still took me 3 try's to finally defeat the final confrontation afterwards i noticed i could play more ships which all play in a different way and on top of that you could unlock different layouts (builds) of those ships which made me want to unlock and try them all.Having them all unlocked now and with all the experience and knowledge i have of the game i felt prepared to take onthe game on medium difficulty and holy **** i was wrong i tryed every ship about 3 times and still can't find a way to succesfully defeat the final confrontation.But even though i could not do it it made the game feel more real and even more enjoyable then when i was winning pretty easely on easy difficulty if that makes sence. Does it?Anyway lets go over to the pros and cons:Pros:- Big variety of ships and layouts increasing the replayability by allot.- Allot of different and unique alien races with there own pros and cons (some are good at repaering, detecting lifeforms fighting or can even serve as a power source for your ship and more while haveing a negative like lower hp, worse fighting or repaering).- The game is insanely well balanced when it comes to ships, weapons, schields, drones, stealth, boarding, prices and ect.- The detail in this game is also insane for instance sometimes you get blue text options when you have a certain       equipment, alien race or ammo that you might want to get rid of that you don't use for something else. Also litle things   like being able to put up a distres signal when your run out of fuel or the fact you simply don't have the time to collect scrap when under fire of the whole fleet.- Story is simple but epic and gets told through pieces you find throughout the game and your own fantasy or perspectifs.- Difficulty is part of the fun- Lots of different scenarios that can end in defferent ways.- Allot of replayability- Allot of ways to dieAnd now for me only con:- Sometimes the game can be so unfair that it puts you in a specific sutuation that no matter what you do you will die.Overall this game is definetly worth a good look for anyone and especially for anyone who would love to be the captain of a space ship and explore the galaxy. Its only € 10 and on sale € 2.50 for 50+hours of gameplay and if you don't believe me then believe the 25000+ poeple where 97% gave this game a positive review. : )"
,Recommended,212680,26783990,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Zekk,"Moooom, just one more tuuuurn!"
,Recommended,212680,5021693,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Schwinne,"This game is awesome. If you like space battles and stuff, you should get this.EDIT: This is one of the greatest rogue-likes ever created. Buy it. Now"
,Recommended,212680,10883218,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fat Ninja,"This game is incredibly random. Give it a couple of tries, once you break thru initial stages, it will shine.BTW Music is simply brilliant, cant get enough of it."
76561198054685790,Recommended,212680,20270668,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,"Larquinn ""Lark""",A game that continues to keep my interest even after 586 hours of play.  Two things I really like about it is the short play time and how easy it is to stop in the middle of a playthrough to pick it up again later.
76561198073579859,Recommended,212680,20271746,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Tilt,This is great but be prepared to died again and again and again...
,Recommended,212680,20284495,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Elon Musk,I didn't think I'd really like this game and then I fell in love with it.
76561198119437598,Recommended,212680,20284510,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Number Two,A game where you can name your crew members after your freinds and watch them all die horribly.
,Recommended,212680,20267122,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,H.U.N.K.,"This is just one of those games that you have to play. The fun lies in the challenge and the limitless combinations of strategy involved in trying to beat it. Will you focus on shields and speed? will you try to maximize your cloaking technology? or will you simply but everything into your weapons and try to destroy the enemy before they get a shot off? This is a game that you can play 50 times and still find things on try 51 that you havent seen or done yet. As a note, do not expect to beat this game on your first try."
,Recommended,212680,9333637,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,bubinski,forgot to close airlock doors after widespread ship fire and entire crew died10/10
,Recommended,212680,4613851,"Posted: 7 October, 2012",all,wewak,"In FTL you are in the command of a ship and its crew and must travel through space facing random events and battles. This game is about management skills rather than maneuvering skills. There are 9 unique ships total, each with 2 different layouts, 7 different crew races with unique traits, and tons of weapons, including your crew that may be used to board enemy ships. But what makes FTL unique is how brutal this game is. One single tiny bad decision may turn a so far good run into a nightmare.Battles can get really hectic and will keep you on your toes. Pausing the game to think your way through a fight is the rule. The fear of death, always present. Once you're dead, either start a new game or cry. No second chance. All of this, plus the fantastic soundtrack, makes FTL a very emotionally engaging, tense game. Its random nature makes every run unique. The unlockable ships and the variety of ways with which you can specialize them gives the game a great replay value. FTL is amazing."
,Recommended,212680,11058869,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,"Huey ""Slammin'"" Emmerich","One of the best games I've ever played. This game is unique. It's a space roguelike where literally everything except your starting equipment and final boss are randomized.In FTL, you control your crew of 3 humans on the Kestrel, a discontinued Federation ship in a galaxy dominated by the Rebel fleet.You have information vital to the war effort.They want it back.In this game, the starting ship is the Kestrel, not particularly well-armed but also quite well-rounded, effective against most ships with its Burst Laser Mk.II and Artemis Missile, which are not very strong but are still brutally effective. Many systems purchasable like the Cloak, Cloning, Teleporter, Mind Control, and Hacking to evade enemy attacks, bring back dead crew members, send crew members to enemy ships to fight hand-to-hand with their crews, take control of enemy crew members, and disable or entirely reverse the effects of the enemy systems, including doors to lock enemies in rooms, oxygen to choke enemy crew members, or piloting to take away their ability to FTL jump away to escape you or evade your missiles.The many weapons available include lasers, bombs, missiles, beams, and ions, which each have special effects on enemy ships. Lasers fire varying numbers of projectiles with varying strengths, but all lasers, no matter the strength, take down one shield bubble. Missiles and bombs penetrate shields, missiles doing damage to the hull, bombs damaging crewmembers and systems. Bombs can also be fired at your own ship, which can be useful against intruders or if using healing bombs (yes, those are a thing). Beams fire a terrifying laser across the ship. They cannot miss but few have the ability to penetrate shields, and all do damage to the hull based on the base damage and number of rooms hit. Ion weapons temporarily disable enemy systems. If the enemy shields are up, the ion damage will be applied to the enemy shield, keeping one bubble of shield from applying itself for a short time. All weapons can have special powers, like a particularly high hull breach chance (breach missiles) or stunning crewmembers in the room affected (ion stun).The various kinds of crew members include humans or many different aliens. Humans are ""common and uninteresting"" and learn skills faster. The Engi repair systems faster but deal less damage in melee combat. The Zoltan power the system they are in and explode on death, damaging enemies in the room, but have 30% less health than other crew members. The Rockmen have 50% more health and are immune to fire, but move much more slowly. The Mantis move much faster and deal much more damage than other species, but will repair systems half as quickly. The Slugs will reveal the locations of enemies in adjacent rooms and are immune to mind control, which is very useful in late game advanced edition. The Lanius are useful because they do not take damage from suffocation, but they also drain oxygen from the room they're in, making them a double-edged sword. There is also a secret race, but it's a secret, so I won't tell about it. Aw, the hell with it, I will. TheCrystalareancestors of the Rockmen, theystill take damage from suffocation but take less, have the ability tolock a room and keep everyone in or out as well as make the room invincible, have25% less health, and move 20% slower.This game is a lovely piece to have on your digital shelf and you should buy it immediately. Seriously, buy it now. By reading this, you're wasting precious time you could be spending on this masterpiece. Your playstyle determines whether you win. Refine your tactics, unlock new technology, evolve.Strategy is everything.Bad things will happen, but you must pull forward. Seriously, the damn Slugs disabled my oxygen and lit fires. All except 3 of my crew died in a fire or suffocation. I had to fight the boss with four people. FOUR. I won, but only because of my [dramaticmusic] HALBERD BEAM[/dramaticmusic]. Anyway, BAD THINGS WILL HAPPEN.Will you succeed in your mission?**(I heard that leaving things open-ended is a great way to make anything much better)"
,Recommended,212680,6264754,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Beztoz,"THIS GAME IS LIKE CLIMBING A ♥♥♥♥ING LADDER AND ONCE YOU GET HALFWAY UP SOME ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ SHOOTS YOU IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥AND YOU FALL OFF,AND THEN THE ♥♥♥♥ING LADDER CATCHES ON FIREJK"
76561198012474009,Recommended,212680,15590991,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,Combines all the intensity of tactical space battles with all the BS of RNGsus.My favorite part is watching my enemy and myself throwing pathetic laser blasts at each other's infinitely regenerating shields while a solar flare roasts us alive.
,Recommended,212680,9342423,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Thorns,"I swear to the Gods that this game is the cause of my anxiety attacks.I mean, I feel I can multitask pretty well... Eat + Look at something, Walk + Talk, Scratch self + enjoy sensation.But trying to close interior ship doors + repairing cameras + healing wounded Rock man + firing lasers + watching lasers miss + moving Rockman back to Engine room + hand to hand combat in cockpit with Mantis + Opening exterior hull doors to vacuum fire + watch Rockman get sucked into space whilst on fire + give up repairing cameras + send backup to cockpit + fire missle + watch missle be shot down + Closing exterior hull doors + power down oxygen to power super weapon + Avenge Captain's death + Promote telepathic slug to Captain + Instantly regret decision + Fire super weapon + watch super weapon miss + Inform Rockman's Widow of events + Be boarded by the Terminator + Get fined for not showing Registration plate + Power up engines + Watch engines miss + Watch as all crew that need oxygen to survive die + Watch as fire progress throughout whole of ship + Open all doors + Close all doors + Open all Doors + Close all Doors + Open all Doors + Watch as door control room is disabled + Watch as ship is destroyed ~ all seems a little... AWESOME! GIVE ME MORE!DBW II (Doors before ♥♥♥♥♥s, second build) REQUESTING PERMISSION TO LAUNCH SIR! 1+3+2+1/10"
,Recommended,212680,28801826,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,cabbage4thebois,"I may have only played for a little bit, but i can tell that after that 1 game this is going to be lots and lots of fun!you have to keep a constant lookout for fires or other hazards in your ship or if there is a pirate/rebel ship attacking you, you are going to have to use ways to make sure you do not die (unlike me).this game goes very indepth with allowing you to customize your crew members and their names, building your spaceship (dont worry for those who have not played yet you dont actually do it piece by piece), and then also customizing your spaceship with new weapons and getting aliens to come onboard!so i would HIGHLY recommend this game because in my opinion, its and amazing game!"
76561198034488512,Recommended,212680,28824677,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,efl1245,"I really like this game. I enjoy the genre, and this game gives a good challenge throughout. However, sometimes the challenge is kind of random. The randomness is really the only problem I have with the game. After playing through a few times, I realized it's just hard to get the weapons and other things you want to get. You have to rely on chance, and hope you get what you want or need."
,Recommended,212680,2778500,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAh,Without question the best Star Trek game I have ever played!
,Recommended,212680,7124286,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Iceform,ITS FUN BUT NOT REALLY WORTH THE MONEY BUT STILL A GOOD GAME
76561198026472961,Recommended,212680,21062915,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Owlslayer,"FTL:Faster Than Light is pretty challenging, makes you think hard and hold your breath in combat as your ship and the enemy tear each other apart, while your crew tries to put out all the fires and repair all the holes in the hull! But hey, at least when all the oxygen is gone out of the ship through the holes, the fires will stop, as well! Too bad your crew needs that sweet, sweet O2.My point is, you're gonna have to make a lot of difficult decisions in the heat of battle in this game, and don't mess up, cause getting everyone on your side killed is amazingly easy! (For example, accidentally open all the doors and leak out the oxygen. Whoops! Then again, you could use the same trick when enemies board your ship. Makes them really re-think the whole boarding thing. Strategy!) Lots of variety in how you handle difficult situations both in and out of combat, loads of different ways to build and upgrade your ship, and  lots of ships (plus different ship layouts!) to unlock. One of the best rogue-like games out there, and well worth the money.In short, FTL: Faster Than Light is a damn awesome and fun game."
76561198079512459,Recommended,212680,23524688,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Jimimandu,"Amazing game, very complex and it has very interesting story.  FTL also has an amazing sound track along with fun gameplay."
,Recommended,212680,12596954,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,<===CHAOS===> Inferno,"This game is amazing, great replay abillity and hours of enjoyment. I recommend you go buy this game with the soundtrack DLC NOW!"
76561198046106524,Recommended,212680,7990227,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Ender,"A deep, deceptively simple and brilliantly designed strategy game."
,Recommended,212680,11142158,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Zifl,"If you don't mind your games punishingly hard to beat, this is great. And space."
,Recommended,212680,11591957,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ala Fox,"This game is wonderful - 10/10Graphics - 9/10 The art style is made up of wonderfully nostalgic 2D images, with a typical over head view of the action the players point of view has been tested through time in the RTS genre and cannot be faulted. My only bug bear is I'd like a little more customisation for my ships/crew colours etc.Sound - 10/10 The sound is also pretty nostalgic for anyone who played games before the mid 90s, the melodic theme is catchy and non-invasive while the sound effects are exactly what you'd expect, the lazers. bombs and shields all sound perfect.Gameplay - 10/10 The quick paced gameplay is exhilerating, managing your crew is vital and tense strategic decisions arise regularly in combat on each playthrough. The inclusion of a pause function is vital to your survival as when the more intense battles take place every second is vital! The very inclusion of a pause function makes the game much more accessible to newcomers of strategy. A save upon exit function (no going back to your save if you die) reflects the games Rogue-Like roots.Overall - 10/10 This is one of my favourite games, it's hard there is no sugar coating it, but oh so addictive!A must buy title in my eyes!"
,Recommended,212680,11700724,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Dlutos,"SKIP DOWN TO SECOND PARAGRAPH FOR ACTUAL REVIEW : This game.... THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IS SO AMAZING. Its one of those games you could play casually while watching a movie or tv show and at the same time still sit down, turn off the lights focus hard core and sit down for hours type of game. I have fallen so much in love with this game, I got all the badges for it and a t-shirt. I promise uou if you at least try this game you will probally end up liking it, Like I didn't wanna give it a shot at first but you might as well because if you to end up loving it like I did you will not regret it.Now gameplay wise its amazing, before this game I always wanted a game that was a rpg kinda space shooter, and I didn't think FTL was what I wanted. I thought I wanted a fps space flying sim kinda thing but FTL filled what I wanted and more! and FTL is 10x bwtter because it has some decent story but then it has little quest and distress calls and then it is rogue like in the sense of perma death and also a game can go from 45 minutes to 4 hours. to a few days depending on you style."
76561198013097520,Recommended,212680,23314029,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Jon,"Most games start good and get worse as time goes on. Whatever you think of the first few moments of this one, it gets better from there. The end game is amazing, because by then you've built your ship to suit your play style, but it can't generate enough energy to power everything at once. The game isn't truly tense until you have to give up powering what you want in order to power what you need."
,Recommended,212680,7319362,"Posted: 5 October, 2013",all,Prymark,"If you're reading this, BUY FTL! No seriously, move your mouse cursor over the buy button, and click it! This game is the definition of a masterpiece! The gameplay, the art, the music, none of it is a let down, it's all wonderfully done. Many games have tried the whole ""pilot your own spaceship"" gameplay, and failed. FTL did it perfectly. Unfortunally there is no multiplayer, yet the singleplayer is still amazing. One of my all time favourite games."
,Recommended,212680,9802167,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,チチヤス,This is a good game that you should play because it is good.
,Recommended,212680,11390319,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Resurrect,"Satisfying, addictive, with plenty of replay value. Great bang for buck, worth a buy for any gamer."
76561198030341271,Recommended,212680,10717791,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Droit,"I'd write a more detailed review if I had time.For now: BUY THIS GAME.This was most time-for-money game I've ever gotten on Steam.I have over 100 hours on this AMAZING game, and I'll probably start playing it again with the Advanced Edition coming out (which they added for FREE btw. Finally some developers taking proper care of their customers.).Everything is good, even the soundtrack.ONE NOTE:If you just want to have fun with the game, play Normal.If you like a challenge, like me, play Hard, and ONLY Hard.I have never played Easy or Normal and probably never will.This game is so intense, fun, and challenging on Hard.Buy this game, you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,212680,22803584,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Timuroslav,"A solid silly, but frustration game.This game features it's randomized encounters, with random difficulty. Expect to die a lot and whatever you do FOR THE LOVE OF GOD and All your game progress DO NOT USE WINDOW's X to CLOSE (Rage quit the game). You will Delete your Data by doing so. I've done it twice.Quit the game with the Escape and Button, (Quit) In game to save your data.Over than that Big Bug, the game is silly if redundant.You spend hours grinding out achievements for new Ships only to discover that the first ship you get is the best ship. Very Ironic indeed.The Sound Track and random probability outcome can make things Nerve-racking.Word of Advice if you have 4 crew Members DO NOT BOARD STATIONS Or SHIPS, Your Crew is SO IMPORTANT.This game is good time killer, best you watch the clock."
,Recommended,212680,22804202,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,MellyDonut,"1- the soundtrack2- glorious cosmos backdrops3- endless possibilitiesFTL sounds, looks, and behaves like the universe. There are no words to describe how fulfilled I am with FTL in my life. Best game. Best. game."
,Recommended,212680,20715033,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Six,- Got the EXE from a friend for free.- Loved it.- Bought it on GOG.- Bought it on Steam.- Bought the soundtrack.- 'said enough?
,Recommended,212680,13679126,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fat Viking Nerd,"Well constructed, unique, fun.  You can play for 5 minutes, or you can play for endless hours.  Get this."
,Recommended,212680,13291752,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,*Rubs hands in Hebrew*,all aboard the USS ♥♥♥♥ DYLAN hands brace for impact as we are cut apart by the RKS More Guns Than Ship
,Recommended,212680,13887698,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,donutarsenal,"Very difficult but also rewarding when you succeed. One second you think you're doing great and then the next it all falls apart, but you still find yourself starting another game."
,Recommended,212680,19248511,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Pocket Scout,">Buys game>Plays tutorial>Goes through first sector in two minutes>""Wow, this is easy!"">Goes to Mantis Controlled Sector>Loses half of my crew>Hires more>Transwarps into nebula>Loses all my fuel>Sends for help>Pirate responds and attacks me>Ship gets destroyed>Rage>Start over10/10"
,Recommended,212680,17368662,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Simeon,"FTL is a fantastic, strategic rouge like game that focuses on your ability to freeze time and command your men, drones, and weapons according to the latest predicament and then unfreeze to watch your crew and equipment obey your every whim. You’ll experience topnotch artwork, a sublime sound track, intriguing ship designed, and superb game play. Through your many playthroughs you’ll unlock new ships, encounter never before seen aliens with special and helpful abilities, purchase new weapons, buy new systems/subsystems for your ship, and, finally, you’ll fight the rebel flagship and decided the fate of the federation. This game is one of my personal favorites and I suggest it to all gamers despite their age or gender. 10/10."
,Recommended,212680,33621205,Posted: 17 July,all,xXRLGNXx,simply fun.
,Recommended,212680,27543774,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[TANG] Merple,"This game will make you close it in rage faster than no other... Yet, you keep going back for more punishment."
76561198019833716,Recommended,212680,3266868,"Posted: 3 October, 2012",all,Murlaug,Игра замечательная! Случайная генерация систем и событий! Графика - прелесть)
76561198144592487,Recommended,212680,30413679,Posted: 9 March,all,Mint,"Honestly one of the best indie games I have played, and one of the best soundtrack I have heard (Undertale can suck it). I have a certain fondness of rogue-likes, and this is probably the most original rogue-likes I have played. It is also one of the few rogue-likes that doesn't become too easy as soon as you know what you are doing (I find that most others become too repetive when you find yourself winning every single time no matter what you do).There is one of the few games that is worthwhile buying at full price, and it's almost criminal  not to get it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,212680,7807973,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,VGKoopa,GOD HATES REBELS
,Recommended,212680,8336802,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Korpsus,"One of my favorite games in my library right now. Reminiscent to a board game (I am an avid player of board games), named Gunship, it provides a unique experience every time you play as you customize your ship in attempt to get through to sector 8 without dying; though you will definitely be trying to unlock new ship layouts that require death. Your crews death are permanent, damage is spread through fire, breaches and hull as you run around to manage time quickly. All I can say is ""thank God for the pause function"" and the only thing I could ever want from this game is multiplayer. Please give us multiplayer. i love you.*New Content*The developers are amazing and to give us a FREE expansion that only adds to the awesomeness! Two thumbs up if possible!"
,Recommended,212680,10502214,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Swinky,An amazing interpretation of JRR Tolkiens work
,Recommended,212680,9391560,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,b0ttlecaps,"i think it is impossible to not fall in love with this game, the gameplay mechanics, graphics, rougelike style, theme of the entire game and the small detail in every encounter really makes this a must play.also very hard, which for me was a huge bonus as i love a challenge.for my full review go to:http://godbomb.blogspot.co.uk/2014/04/faster-than-light-review-for-pc.html"
,Recommended,212680,23433182,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Phoenix_SitH,10/10 would die again
,Recommended,212680,8325634,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Spanky McPants,Reasons why this game doesn't rock:- The graphics look 16-bit.- The fight screen is static.- Someone on your crew dies every time you fight the giant spiders.- It's hard as balls.Reasons why this game rocks:- This game is hard as ball!- Someone on your crew _dies_ if you're dumb enough to fight spiders!- Ships shoot missiles and stuff at each other from much bigger distance than would a close-up fight.- Graphics are overrated in general. Fight the man!
76561198096083429,Recommended,212680,12012574,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,I| Ian THD |I,Fun at Stages Gets a little Repeatative after a while
76561197962169931,Recommended,212680,13201873,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,pad,Another proof for thesis that graphics isn't everything. Just pure fun. Miss it and regret for the rest of your life.
,Recommended,212680,29220673,Posted: 13 January,all,NathanX42,I actually pirated this game for the longest time and purchased it to support the developers.Pretty good roguelike that loves kicking your teeth in until you rate it a thumbs up.
,Recommended,212680,30766281,Posted: 26 March,all,tarbagatay,"This game is an experience.Pros:- The soundtrack is legendary. Probably the best in any game i've played.- The randomly generated story you get through this rogue like is good.- The gameplay is intense. You gotta manage your ships power and coordinate attacks while at the same time dealing with fires, hull damages, boarding crews, hurt crewmembers on board your ship. Nothing feels better than after a hectic near-death high-stakes battle jumping to a store to repair and hearing the calming music come on.- The game is brutal. Getting to the end is hard because there are so many opportunities for you to die along the way. You have to manage resources and plan ahead. Play throughs take time and with perma-death, every battles has high stakes.- Combine the music, the art, and the merciless gameplay, you get an awesome atmosphere to the game.- The game costs less than $10Cons:- The game's very hard to beat- The jump animation shoulda been a bit different: make it look less like teleporation and more like quick acceleration to FTL travel.- The final boss feels unneccessary. It doesn't add any value to the gameplay, only adds plot holes to the story line. What is the federation doing sending a tiny scout vessel to fight a huge rebel flagship? Even if it did send it, why isn't the federation helping out with any artillery volleys or something? Without the boss the game is hard enough.I give this game a 9.5/10. If they removed the final boss and to compensate added an extra sector to the map, FTL would've been 10/10."
,Recommended,212680,32629812,Posted: 21 June,all,M0ngisgod,Great
76561197964400693,Recommended,212680,30412550,Posted: 9 March,all,Gen,"very good idie game, addictive"
,Recommended,212680,33103669,Posted: 1 July,all,Luke ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),Faster Than Light is how my GF describes my performance in bed.Fun game tho.
,Recommended,212680,13099248,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,FriendlyStranger,This is actually one of the best space games I've ever played mainly because of the fun and inovative style and because of just how well it was created! Absolutely a must have game for sci-fi lovers!
76561197984040110,Recommended,212680,12854687,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,The Mighty Georg,Hours played / Money spent = Bargain
,Recommended,212680,13233281,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Haiiro Okami,"I almost expect my breath to frost the glass of the view screen before me.  Space is cold, after all.I shake off my uneasiness as the docking clamps are disengaged.  The FTL Drive that delivered us to this point powers down, light thrusters coming online to keep it from drifting from its beacon.I push power to the engines, jumping the ship to a nearby beacon.As soon as we arrive, we are fired upon by a Rebel ship.  A missile hits our shield generator, allowing a concentrated beam to slice through our oxygen production generator, and our engines in one clean cut.  I order our oxygen brought back online; we're sitting ducks without our engine, but we'll die without oxygen even if we survive this encounter.Rapid blaster fire pelts our hull, damaging our weapons systems enough to take our main weapon offline.I fire our last missile in a last ditch attempt to shake them off of us, only to watch in despair as they cloak, the missile passing them entirely.As fire engulfs our systems and our oxygen levels drop below even the danger zone, my only solace is in knowing that the cloning facility will soon come online, and I'll have another go."
,Recommended,212680,13652093,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Seanxprt,"Amazing game, it's a must buy."
76561198061537813,Recommended,212680,22786207,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,salsa dipper,dying is fun
,Recommended,212680,28725131,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Nuri Dayı,"Guys, I think there is a boss fight in the end."
,Recommended,212680,13022938,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Jüncoph,"There's so much to like about FTL-- its final boss is a genuine challenge, its plot is simple but it works quite well, the combat system is detailed yet easy to figure out, heck it even throws in some extra logic! The barbaric Mantis species isn't just a humanoid insect-- they're actual gigantic insects, and because of it they have issues repairing things... since, you know, they're giant insects. They have claws, not hands."
,Recommended,212680,34893253,Posted: 11 September,all,Infinite Lemons,KILL THEM ALLL!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,212680,20239301,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,x2Madda,"FTL is one of those games that became popular due to internet celebrities streaming it, not because it's outstanding. Dying on turn one is no fun inanygame.This is one of those games that is better to watch someone else play than to play yourself, go watch it on twitch or youtube, you'll get a better experience.I'm not saying the game is bad but I personally just can't get into it. The game is played by you making jumps from one system/planet to another while the rebel fleet chase you down, which is fine but each jump can literally be game over and so its a glorified mine sweeper.Its a game someone can watch you play and it will seem exciting but the reality is that the base concept of the game is dull and the metagame of maximizing scrap so you can run the typical build order also dull for example;No matter what, if you are in sector 1, then get 2 shields.Sitting still against an enemy that has no hopes of getting through your shields, is a good idea for skill level ups.Kill everyone and everything because then you get more scrap.So on and so forth.I don't feel like I need to adapt to whats going on, just that I am going through the motions again and again. Every single time I deviated from the 'plan' such as trying a new weapon or going for a different build order, I get killed. As long as I do the same thing over and over during the early turns, I will be fine. You don't even need to take my word for it as if you are reading this on steam then you can just go to the guides section and they will explain exactly the same thing. It is the illusion of choice because there is only 1 way to build your ship in the early game if you want to survive the late game.The games music drones on comepletely ignoring current events and is otherwise unremarkable. I don't feel like the USS enterprise or other space fantasy captains, the music sounds disjointed from the game and just sounds generic. Normally I wouldn't point this out except for the fact the soundtrack is sold seperately, save your money.You need to get scrap in order to do aything such as upgrade your ship or buy shop parts, but those are random so you can only buy what you are lucky enough to get, just like a deck building card game. I don't really mind because that is also the nature of rogue-likes but what I do mind is that you can die very quickly in sector 1 because yourfirstjump is a rebel ship that justhappensto counter your ship perfectly. Its rare but it does happen. Later on after sector 1, enemy ships seem to just ""randomly"" have subsystems that perfectly counter your build which also leads to the wonderful metagame of gaming the game and that seems to be all the guides and all the videos I watched about this game. If you want to deviate from the cookie cutter build then you just have to 'trick' the game and that gets really boring.The last boss is the perfect example of 'gaming the game'. If you kill the crew in regular fights then you win. Against the last boss this isn't the case, instead the last boss getsharder! So instead you kill everyone except the one person who mans the lasers because lasers can't hurt you if you have your shields up meaning you can kill that form of the last boss at your leisure.Last boss has 3 forms by the way, because why wouldn't it. No you don't heal in between rounds, its a 'rogue-like' so its supposed to be ""hard"". The game has potential and free DLC was also made for the game which is always great. Overall I recommend this game simply because if you don't like the game, you will very easily find out very, very quickly in time to get a refund and if you do like the game then you don't really care what I, or anyone else says. For me personally I would like it if the game encouraged experimentation. So many builds or weapon combos are just going to get you killed and its infuriating that such suicidal options are even incuded.Join Grumpy reviews for all your gaming needshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/grumpyreviews"
,Recommended,212680,8046017,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,McPerson,"Much game, such addicting"
76561198087798081,Recommended,212680,16282474,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,PixelGun,THE BEST INDIE GAME I EVER PLAYEDPROSALMOST EVERYTHINGCONSGIANT SPACE SPIDERS AND ABANDONED OLD MEN IN CAVES10/10
,Recommended,212680,29613818,Posted: 31 January,all,MitzeKatze,Oh my. What an awesome game.
76561198041995956,Not Recommended,212680,9201509,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,bahamut66,"Sigh...I...cannot in good faith recommend this game.  Not to everyone.  Is it bad?  Hell no.  This game is remarkably polished in a number of aspects.  The problem is, the game isn't very fun.  At least not in the long run.  When you start off, you will be full of wonder, piloting your starship into unknown realms, trying to save the your allies from the rebels!  Then you'll die, lose everything and have to start over again.  This pattern will repeat for about 20 times before you become super frustrated and give up on the game.Let me reiterate...FTL is not a bad game.  It is damn good.  However, it fails in one crucial way.  It does not give you a feeling of incremental progress.  Some may like the challenge that that brings, but for a rogue-like to be worth your time these days, with so many other rogue-likes out there, it needs to make your time meaningful.  FTL is a time waster...it will kill you over and over again and it will be due to randomness, not to any fault of your own.  And seldom ever will the game change or improve.  Of the over 10 ships to unlock, I got...four.  After many failed attempts.  By accident.  Each death was just as frustratingly stupid and unavoidable as the last.If you like that, fine, have at it, the game's mechanics are solid, but...FTL just wastes my time.  And I cannot recommend it on those merits alone."
,Recommended,212680,26814407,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,marduk,Amazing Game but quite challenging. Has the best soundtrack I've heard in years
,Recommended,212680,30331066,Posted: 4 March,all,DiroDoku,Better be quick to pause and think carefully of what you will do in the next couple of seconds. A complex game where resources and timings matter. Screw it up and you lose easily.
,Recommended,212680,10570417,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,BonaBeavis,"I played 100 hours and with 100 hours more: ""normal"" difficulty should be in reach."
,Recommended,212680,27752194,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,TeeFwock,FTL is a great mix of strategy and rogue-like elements.  It is often frustrating but balances the reward systems and ship  upgrades in such a way that it is very satisfying when you finally succeed.
,Recommended,212680,10106481,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,The Hurlinator,"FTL is the best game i have ever played. The game is a massively replayable and additing top down stratagy in which you are on the run from the rebel fleet. If you like stratagy games go and buy FTl, you will not be dissapointed."
76561198118849209,Recommended,212680,8611257,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Splenectomy,"Great game. Takes time to learn, but worth more than the retail price."
,Recommended,212680,8644799,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sheep™,"This game has endless replay value; something you dont often find in games these days. The matches you have are usually short, and packed with tension, as you try to guide your ship as far into the next sectors as possible. The further you get, the harder it becomes. What choices will you make along the way to ensure your ship is ready for the next sector? Its all up to you. This game WILL raise your heartbeat- even if it is ever so slightly. 8/10- A great challenge... If youre up for it."
,Recommended,212680,10012416,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Panda in a Jar,Pretty damn good.
,Recommended,212680,9747442,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Sashihara,Epic space game! :D Just.. don't think that the hardest difficulty is the best for you when you first buy it. The number of f*ck ups i made was... phenominal
76561198134834473,Recommended,212680,10376405,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,LiquidBomb,This game is fun.
,Recommended,212680,9724671,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,EpicFailz,"FTL is a great game for every age. it may be difficult to play but a very fun and entertaining game.One thing to think about before buying this game, is that you need to use your brain when playing against the enemy ships, because that this game isnoeasy win. It requires strategy, logical thinking, and aLOTof willpower because that you will die atleast a couple of times before winning on easy.8/10Even though the game is very good gameplay, its lacking at graphics, if you ask me almost any game would be better with extreme texturesBUTsould be able to toggle."
76561197988463169,Recommended,212680,9420130,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,bayruun,"Some games don't want you to win. FTL is very much one of those. It has a great classic feel, allowing you to control a starship as it hops through various dangers to its ultimate goal -- a boss ship. Fires, dying crew, running out of fuel... and a limited save system. I want to hate it, but it's way too good."
76561198016713533,Recommended,212680,10168151,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Bat,"Look how long I've played this game. I've even got the ♥♥♥♥ing secret crystal ship. I've been playing on easy for like 3 daysI can't beat this gameI CANT BEAT THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME IT'S SO ♥♥♥♥ING HARDGOD SAVE ME, THE QUEEN, THE QUEEN OF BRITAIN PLEASE ♥♥♥♥ING SAVE MEI AM STUCK DYING AND DYING EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME IN THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAMEEVERYTIME I REACH THE FLAGSHIP I JUST DIE INSTANTLYTHE ONE TIME I REACHED THE 2ND STAGE OF THE FLAGSHIP HE SENT LIKE 20 DRONES AND DECIMATED MY SHIP♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME, DON'T PLAY IT.DON'TYOU CAN'T WINTHERE'S NO ESCAPE"
,Recommended,212680,3855422,"Posted: 2 February, 2013",all,Fusion,One of the best strategy games I have ever played. I recommend this to anyone who enjoys hectic combat and loads of fun
76561198067606910,Recommended,212680,6500146,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Lord Sipia,"A little too much luck basis for my taste, but otherwise an awesome game. Filled with strategic choices and possibilites."
76561198001485395,Recommended,212680,9075104,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,RobinTahHood,This game is too easy for my taste. 10/10
,Recommended,212680,9821689,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Kane,"Everyone dies. Unless they don't, then they die later, when you play again.10/10."
76561197995424984,Recommended,212680,10350907,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Lone Gunman,"One of the most entertaining games I've ever played. I love being able to jump on, play for an hour or two, and get all the way through, with a different experience every time."
,Recommended,212680,10280972,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Dynamex,Space-Adventure with tactics and a clear brain. Its hard but engaging. Lots of fun and replayable. Naming your own crew connects you emotional with them. Losing them is like losing a good friend. The story writes itself in that matter. Can only recommend!
,Recommended,212680,2479774,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,a4l,"A fun ""roguelite"".The music is good, the gameplay is original and it produces just the amount of anger to keep going."
,Recommended,212680,10643950,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,InjuredWafflez,Ship blew up10/10 would blow again
,Recommended,212680,8290626,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Patrick,Infuriatingly fun.
,Recommended,212680,10672755,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JDOG,"In this innovative title you play as captain Snoop commander of the Bongwagon. Manning the Bongwagon with your fellow amigos through interstellar space to the stop the Rebels (or Police) from taking your stash of sticky icky and causing you to be unable to 4:20 which would spell the end of mankind.  Your crew consists of highly skilled and trained Astro-stoners with amazing cameo performances by Wiz Khalifa and Juicy J, the most valiant and brave of your crew members. Unfortunately during a battle the oxygen unit is hit, while you're hitting the blunt causing all your oxygen to leak out like a women on her menstrual cycle leading to a game of hard decisions wether to sacrifice B-Real or keep Jimi Hendrix.420/10Would play again if AC-130 worked."
,Recommended,212680,10673166,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Dios Aias,"This game... This game is the Moby♥♥♥♥♥♥of games. A relatively straight forward concept that is fun when it starts out turns into a pursuit of madness - first just to beat the game - and then to beat the game on anything other than normal. Haunted by your bad decisions as your♥♥♥♥♥♥breaks apart before your eyes for the hundredth time, you continue to try to optimize your actions and to re-think your choices. All in a vain attempt to beat the game on normal, or hard, or just to finish this damn book that keeps going on forever.This is a great game. Sometimes I am horrified at how automatic my impulse to begin again is immediately after my ship is destroyed."
76561198016590171,Recommended,212680,10554652,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Timpura,"A game where every session isn't that long and even the normal difficulty is sometimes brutal, but this game is highly addictive. It's pretty the addiction of Civ in smaller spurts."
76561198090804421,Recommended,212680,10626178,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ombyes99,this game is endless hours of fun.
76561197970435618,Recommended,212680,10533803,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,lopter,Died to a supernova igniting my ship on fire in the 2nd jumpDied when I accidentally forgot to shut the doors on my shipDied by missile barrageGot to see the end boss once he looked pretty cool before swarming me with drones and killing meDied by sending my last crew member to rescue some lonely old man on an abandoned planet.10/10 would lose again
76561198058487218,Recommended,212680,10629310,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,duse80,Something unbelievable!
,Recommended,212680,10532917,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,LeonTalon,"Its good, look up captains edition mod"
76561197968934084,Recommended,212680,10646574,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,FancyLad,"This game has made me go to bed♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off more than anything else ever has.  I wish it played better with touch screen controls though, and had higher resolution settings.  My surface hates this game almost as much as my wife does.10/10"
76561198035711578,Recommended,212680,10651342,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Polkus,Very good game.
,Recommended,212680,582260,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Cold Insomnia,"If you like roguelikes, spaceships, or anything that will keep you on your toes, this is a fantastic game that you'll find yourself addicted to without realising it."
,Recommended,212680,10592302,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Demar6194 RustyPot.com,Love this game one of my favorite. Not fps intensive
76561198041187620,Recommended,212680,8156297,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dark80,"If you don't mind early deaths and late deaths, and love a challenge, then get this game :)"
,Recommended,212680,7441035,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,SecondSons,"Indie ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t at it's best. Explore space in your ship and watch in captivation as your crew is burnt, torn apart and asphyxiated. Chcukle with amusement as you save a man hiding in a cave only to have him blow your ship apart. Hoot with fun when your ship is boarded by giant bugs. Clap your hands with joy when you realise you will never complete the game due to the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥difficulty settings."
,Recommended,212680,103813,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Blaargh,"Once you get a feel on how the game works, it gets dangerously addictive!"
76561198044518952,Recommended,212680,10628446,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,j.manahn94,"This game is a lot like life. You gotta weigh your long term goals against your short term needs, you gotta know when to take risks and when to play it safe, and occastionally you get frustrated enough to vent all the air from your ship and watch your incompetent crew suffer a long, painful, suffocating death."
,Recommended,212680,10518187,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,[RIP] Nineeightyone™,"It's like playing solitaire, when you were 5. Hundreds of hours playing, and not a single win.(But it's in space. And it's more like a roguelike. In fact, it kind of IS a roguelike. But it's a good one. And the game is typically super-cheap. Why are you still reading this? Go buy FTL.)"
76561197970647447,Recommended,212680,10186622,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Izcariel,I like it
,Recommended,212680,8179378,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Neuromancer,Pretty fun game. Until your enemy has 3 missile launchers.
,Recommended,212680,10877667,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,das_funk,This is too much fun and addicting.
76561198080479654,Recommended,212680,10880087,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mrydar,"Such a fun and addicting game!  Strategy and prioritizing are the name of the game, whether it is upgrading systems or figuring out the best way to deal with intruders, and trying to keep one step ahead of those pesky rebels.  Definitely keeps you on your toes."
76561198030788652,Recommended,212680,10819002,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Itaaru,"If you don't already own it, why? Just buy it and have fun."
76561198116444800,Recommended,212680,10868964,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,midnightfire_666,"After hours of continuous deaths, I finally managed to complete my first full playthough and beat the game. Since then I have managed to repeat this enormous feat a handfull of times.Great game, highly addictive. No matter how frustrating it is dying so often, I always end up coming back for more and end up playing for hours at a time."
,Recommended,212680,10931055,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PoopaPapaPalpatine,"Space: the final frontier. These are the disaterous voyages of the starship, Krehsel...Like the excursions our fore fathers took to the strange, unexplored New World, so too do we draw similar parallels with them in our immigration to the stars. Seeking out strange new lifeforms, with even stranger customs, to broaden our understanding and perspective of our place in the universe.. Our search hoping to bear fruit to what it means to not only be human, but to be alive.It's unfortunate that everyone and everything is out to kill you. They're far better equipped and they're far more unwelcoming than you could possibly achieve to imagine. Imagine, if you will, being one of the explorers coming across vast the vast oceans to a land never laid eyes upon before. You see the same birds and plants, and even a few familiar animals along with some natives similar to those met by other wayfarers before your time.Now, imagine all those things and how excited/terrifying that must all be. Now, take those things and make them savagely rabid, stricken with an immense bloodlust and hatred for all foreigners, and equipped tooth and nail (all of them!) with laser guns, chainsaws, and rocketpacks.Here you are, just stepped foot on land from your two-bit, wooden shamble of a boat and rinky-dink musket. That's pretty much how I sum up my experience with FTL.The thing that I took away from this is that I'm not fit for command. As much as I wish it weren't so, I am not Kirk; I am but a ""Red Shirt.""Regardless, this game is loads of fun in a ""Excel-spreadsheet-of-spaceship-micromanagement"" kind of way."
,Recommended,212680,10941280,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Naughty Santa,Fun fun
,Recommended,212680,358858,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Carl Sagan,My first ship was called the Starship of the Imagination.All the crew died from asphyxiation due to multiple hull breaches. : [
,Recommended,212680,10885992,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Porkbackfat,RNGesus will not save you! This game is as addictive and fun as it is frustrating. Worth every second playing it; I regret nothing!
,Recommended,212680,10990315,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Raltar,Fun game.
,Recommended,212680,10970159,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Mc DaddyLongNuts,"This game is fouwking haaaard. The game itself is fun though, this isn't like any other indie game where you can hop and go, you gotta devote your time into it. If you like difficult game's this one can make you castrate yourself. Still I recommend this game 9/10. plz don't castrate yourself."
,Recommended,212680,10939355,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ian01313,Very fun and enjoyable
,Recommended,212680,10949595,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Failsause,"This game will eat your life in the best way possible.  It's simple, yet had quite a bit of depth."
,Recommended,212680,10828207,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Lingonsylta,"Hard mode is still fun, despite many attempts before victory!"
,Recommended,212680,11081097,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Colin,"One of the most fun casual games I've ever played, whenever I get bored of any other game I'm playing, I just start playing FTL, every experience is different and losing is all part of it."
,Recommended,212680,8265842,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,twice,good
76561198070974664,Recommended,212680,11111769,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,CJAkimbo,It's like i'm Captain Kirk.11/10
,Recommended,212680,11124510,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Yaar1345,"Hard, scary addictive gameamazing must havebuy nowwow"
76561198073693404,Recommended,212680,11016113,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,batsofchaos,"FTL does Roguelike extremely well.The learning curve on this game is rather harsh, as it takes a good number of TPKs to get used to combat and pick up the best courses of action for dealing with all the threats that get thrown at you, so the initial draw of the game is just getting through itonce.  But there is a major silver lining there, because that learning curve speaks to the complexity of the mechanics and once you've gotten them figured out to the point where you can win without luck, a whole host of different playstyles and strategies become apparent, which is only highlighted by the diverse array of ships to unlock and fly.I wish someone had told me (the tutorial,*cough cough*) at the start about how the pausing system works, because for a long time I was struggling through combat in realtime.  Hint: you can pause, set tasks for weapons, crew, and system power management, and then unpause to have those things carried out.  When you've got three missiles inbound and your engine room's on fire, being able to pause, start a cloak, send crew into deal with the blaze, andthenunpause and let that all happen at once is a godsend, rather than trying to do all that with a mouse as fast as possible.The roguelike progression makes the game constantly new each time, though even in saying that there is a natural flow to each game that becomes noticable after a while, especially playing the same ship and sticking to its strengths.  This has its benefits and its downsides.  On the one hand, it makes the game feel sort of the same after a while , which is mitigated by the diverse array of ships, and it can also make achievement-hunting for certain things near impossible.  I've run a stealth crusier game at least ten times now attempting to unlock the specific achievement of getting to sector 8 without going through a hazard beacon, and each time the maps have generated to where there's no physical way to get through at least one sector without hitting a hazard.  I've also yet to unlock the crystal ship, because the luck involved with triggering those events is bananas.On the positive, sometimes you might feel like playing a boarding party run and grab a mantis ship, while other times you want a beam slaying run and grab a stealth cruiser or zoltan ship, so you do have the opportunities for playing something worn and familiar despite the randomness.This game isn't for everyone, and if you're not into figuring out the admittedly complicated mechanics or suffering at the hands of random generation, it might be something to pass over.  That said, it is a very addicting game with elegant mechanics, a nice style, and a ton of depth."
76561198009811982,Recommended,212680,11096193,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Chuckers,Best waste of time ever.
,Recommended,212680,11095936,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Nathorus,"I have a love/hate realtionship with this game. On one hand its fun but on the other its entirely brutal. I have yet to complete a sucessful run even on easy so far. I think I have close to over some 30 games played so far. Theres been a few times where I've completey said ♥♥♥♥ it and unistalled the game. However its the challange of this game thats fun and keeps drawing me back. Trying to find the right way to go about playing has opened my different views of strategy when playing. I've gotten better at making decisions, what to purchase, and what to avoid. This game does one thing extremely well and thats giving you a sence of accomplishement."
76561198042227674,Recommended,212680,10981309,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Buug,"I've only had this game for a short while and it is already very addicting. It's a little overwhelming at first because there is so much to watch out for, but once you get it all down it's extremely fun."
76561198086986604,Recommended,212680,11105022,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,SPODERxBOTE,one of those chill games to play when you need to pass the time
,Recommended,212680,10587941,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,sarahashley,This game is AWESOME!
,Recommended,212680,10639233,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chief war chief sr.,"Story/Setting/CharactersThis is one of those games where there isn't much story driving the game, because the game mechanics as well as the user's own want or need to be the biggest baddest spaceship captain ever drive gameplay far more than, ""The Rebels are chasing you!"" It's a great retro game and has a lot of details about each species, each with their own unique abilities.  The look and feel of the different ships is great, each one is very unique to the different species. While the individual species are neat, the actual crew members them selves aren't really memorable. I mean sure when you get Phil Gates and Kernal Mustard as crew members you remember them. There are quite a few Easter Eggs to find as well, but since the game is procedurally generated have fun finding them.-Not a lot of story-Great setting7/10Look/FeelThe art style couldn't be more perfect for this game, with its' minimal 16 bit graphics, top down interface, and the ability to fight giant spiders (because giant space spiders are no joke) , I can't get enough. It really appeals to my childhood love of the SNES and the Sega. It gives the game far more charm than if they were to use current graphics.9/10GameplayThis is where the meat of the game is. This is really what makes the game so compelling. It's procedurally generated, so it will be different every time you select new game. Taking a hit to your ship is kind of a big deal, death means starting from scratch, and shops that will repair your ship are few and far between. The game is incredibly hard and beating it requires skill, cunning, and a whole lot of luck.9/10Music/SoundThe music is pretty good, it almost puts me to sleep sometimes with it's slow space EDM. It has a great soundtrack but don't play if you are tired you might end up sleeping on your keyboard. The fight music is pretty good, and some of the specific danger areas have great tunes as well.8/10ReplayabilityWith the difficulty of the game, you'll play it for quite a while before you beat it, and even then with the amount of unlockable ships and the procedurally generated environments, it's got tons of replayability.10/10"
76561197984638874,Recommended,212680,10773531,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mrjoemama,To boldy go
76561198026672907,Recommended,212680,10754580,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Guardianrule,"Jumped through space, right next to unstable star.Meet stange aliens, and blow up thier ships.Travel to far away stations, infested with giant alien spiders.Build a powerful ship, and watch it get destroyed.After playing this game you will join all of us in the motto ""I've seen worse""11/10 Awesome game, will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off!"
76561197963262508,Recommended,212680,10774618,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,IAMABANANA,Very good game that is turnbased enough for me to play at work while still be realtime enough to give me a heart attack! Lost interest once I beat it but there is so much left to do and find that I know I will come back to it someday.
76561197988044284,Recommended,212680,10777879,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,johnspiff,My ship exploded.  Must Play Again
,Recommended,212680,10778675,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RuleHoleZ,"Seems so simple going in... then the lasers and missiles start flying. Way too over confident! Must play more! ""Restart""... back into the action!"
,Recommended,212680,10753806,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,A-rone,"Videos and screenshots don't do this game justice.  I expected to not like it, but it's quite amazing actually."
,Recommended,212680,10763236,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Solaire of Astora,"For people who like to hate themselves and repeating tasks over and over and over again with small changes. There is that time you are about to win, and then you don't and then you decide ""Hey, I should keep playing."" But your friends are telling you to stop because you've been playing for 9 hours ignoring basic human needs."
76561197997661868,Recommended,212680,10768502,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,P.A. Master,"Most of the reviews I see are jokes or too long so here's the gist of it:It's not for everyone, but if you like it you will REALLY like it. And the vast majority of people that I know fit comfortably into the latter category. FTL is a great game and it's pretty much always cheap.Just know that unlocking the ships will take time, and that there is ABSOLUTELY NO SHAME in playing on Easy until you learn the ropes because chances are good that you won't win anyway. Easy is Normal, Normal is Hard, and Hard is Stupid Hard."
,Recommended,212680,10774603,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Big Meaty Claws,amazing
76561197994034614,Recommended,212680,10784512,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gonzoid,Awesome game!
76561198026960463,Recommended,212680,10771990,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Magnatz,"Fairly simple strategy game on the surface, but becomes much more complex and difficult as you realize you have to plan for the long haul, and not just the immediate area."
76561197966361160,Recommended,212680,10574110,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,TheDigger,You'll put in 300 hours and still suck. 10/10
,Recommended,212680,10613967,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,MrTiki,"An addicting, fast paced game, FTL combines retro-style graphics with old-school difficulty, providing great replay value with lots of customisation for your ship and a variety of foes that you will face. Initially I didn't understand the point of the alternative layouts of ships, but they do make you try out different strategies of play, which completely alter the way you will build towards the end-boss. Often you go through the game finding the part you need, just when after you upgraded your shields, forcing you to either sell weapons or drones or leave behind a part you ight not ever see again. The decisions you must make are really make FTL a brilliant game, which has emphasis on your actions during and  between combat.All in all, great value for money, and a unique gem of a game. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212680,10613946,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,fardsnog,"Excellent risk/reward system; excellent replay value; large amount of ships to choose from, and each one plays differently.  It's amazing how much gameplay variety is packed into this game.  Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212680,2326555,"Posted: 14 October, 2012",all,Rastrelli,Заставляет шевелить мозгами.Атмосфера - 100\10Высокая реиграбельность
,Recommended,212680,10615900,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ibanezboy5,this game is hard but addictive
,Recommended,212680,9829648,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,EraZorX,"Worth the money.  Everyone has a different playstyle, so you can discover yours."
,Recommended,212680,10058455,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Time_Lord_Ninja,"The game idea is great, though I wish it was more three dimensional as well as graphicly inclined to wow the user, but instead we get a simple game which if you do not read how to operate the game, you will utterly fail. I know I did, you can check my playing of it on my channel to see me do so. But after you get past its old charm and its confusing without instruction workings, it's not that bad of a game. Be it that I will probably delete it after I get a succesful mission or 'playthrough' done, I would say it is a strategic ideal for space travel that can be a challenge to those who picture a simplistic space travel with real danger like any. Worth a free game? Yes."
,Recommended,212680,10078818,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Dr. Corporal Klinger,Best game ever! I've poured countless hours into it. It is a must have for anyone.
,Recommended,212680,3670116,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,sage,"FTL is simply put, an awesome game.  Be ready to spend hours of your life that you cannot retrieve wandering towards failure before you can even beat this little indie-treasure once.  While you shall crash-and-burn multiple times, you will have fun doing so."
,Recommended,212680,9935038,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Joshua2000B,Just buy it. You know you want to. DO IT.
76561198047805781,Recommended,212680,10089105,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,uhura42,"Hard game, but a lot of fun!"
,Recommended,212680,10079474,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,FlowingJuffowup,"One of the most addictive and rewarding games I've played in quite some time. Constantly has you on edge, making important decisions with actual consequences. Good story telling that enriches the gameplay without overshadowing it, charming old school graphics, plenty of strategic depth and enough randomization for every game to be unique. Lots of unlockable content and achievements as well. Highly, highly recommended.9.5/10"
76561198009664700,Recommended,212680,10097260,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Sho'nuff,"Nice little space game here, get chased from point A to point B while trying to stay alive. Along the way many choices will effect the outcome of your game. Recently they updated it so it's been fun figuring out what they changed up."
76561198082803229,Recommended,212680,10103849,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,keitas_413,"This game is amazing.  When I heard of FTL i wasn't excited or anything.  In fact, I wasn't a fan of Indie games thinking they were all low quality games for wanabe developers to make money but this game changed my entire opinion on that in a heart beat.Before I got this game, I watched plenty of Youtube videos or people reviewing the game, giving it high praise.  I was not really impressed but still got the game during the Winter Sale.  Let me tell you one thing.  Those videos don't give the game justice.  I am a fan of watching other people play games, but it was boring watching people play this game.  However, this game ROCKS.  It's like Golf.  It's boring as hell to watch but is actually quite fun if you are playing it yourself.The idea of the game is simple.  Manage systems/weapons/shields/resources/decisions, etc but man is it addicting.  You keep telling yourself ""Just one more sector then im getting off"" and next thing you know, you are starting up a new game saying ""I could have done better if I just.... yeah, yeah, new strategy....""  They also added a free expansion to the game which I think they could have honestly charged everyone $2.99 for easily.P.S.  This game is HARD.  Even on easy it is HARD but no too discouraging as other hard games but rewarding.  You won't be sorry with this purchase if you seen any video of this game and you seem even SLIGHTLY interested.The only negative is that this game is a little too much based upon luck of events/store items.  Also the boss only has a few actually ways of beating it so I hope they eventually make the final boss easier to kill with different strategies.Graphics: 8/10  (Simple but nice.  Each weapon, laser and missle is different)Sound Effects: 7/10Music: 10/10  (Tracks don't get annoying)Originality: 10/10Challenge: 10/10Gameplay: 9/10Overall: 9/10"
76561197994641567,Recommended,212680,1554228,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Zen Tractor,"It's a roguelike game, but in space!Great amounts of fun.  You lose over and over, but each time differently, and you get slightly further.Many things to unlock and explore, and the game is moddable, so even once you find everything you can find some more.Definitely worth picking up."
76561198013734386,Recommended,212680,8947543,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,LazyOpForce [Team AFK],Cant wait for the update!
76561198005809737,Recommended,212680,9148394,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Meningitis,"Fun.  Prepare to fail, alot."
,Recommended,212680,9147803,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Casual Dad,"RNG meets replayability done right.  FTL is a split second decision making game that has accomplished enjoyable learning curves.  Genuinely fun gameplay coupled with a dash of luck and an expansive variety of viable successful playstyles for victory makes melting hours away a breeze.  A definite must have for all gamers, with a strangely comforting nostalgic aura for veteran video game enthusiasts."
76561198069799908,Recommended,212680,8598409,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ThatMrEnclave,"The game is great if only i could beat that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of a final boss. Every run feels completly different, in one run you could have a ship that can shoot a crap ton of lasers or one that focuses on stealth to charge its weapons. And every choice you make could really be your last yeah the game is pretty hard. I have made it to the boss over sixty times and never once beat him. Over all its a great and gritty game."
76561198031576167,Recommended,212680,9637220,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,MegaWood,"10/10An absolutely brilliant game that is a must-own for almost anyone, it’s endlessly replayable and presents a very distinct challenge. Its complexity doesn’t come from overwhelming the player – all the mistakes you make will be your own fault – it’s just brilliantly designed in that it requires instant critical thinking in battles and a thoughtful approach while traversing the galaxy and encountering unknown or enemy vessels. The perma-death element is what gives the game its replay value – a single session could last 15 minutes to two hours depending on your skill (and luck); dying in this game is really just a learning experience. The unlockables don’t necessarily make the game any easier and the only way you will advance further is by refining your approach. I find myself coming back to the game time and time again to see how far I can make it."
76561197974101561,Recommended,212680,645205,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Nemesis Legion,"Command your own starship! If you've ever seen a sci-fi movie or TV show and wanted to know what'd it be like to be your own starship captain. To do things like bark out orders to crew members, deal with space pirates, and see your enemies ship explode in the vacuum of space - then this game is for you."
,Recommended,212680,5617636,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Avaratis,"Ein episches Game für lau, welches einen für Monate fesseln kann. Man übernimmt die Kommandierung eines Schiffs und reist dur eine zufallsgenerierte Galxis. Man kämpft, kauft Upgrades und wenn man tot ist, ist man tot. Man kämpft sich durch bis zum Letzten Kampf der Alles entscheidet. Ob man richtig ghandelt hat oder nicht. Das Spiel ist ein klares muss und im Weltraum-Echtzeit-Strategie-Gerne ein Meilenstein! Kaufen! Kaufen! Kaufen!"
,Recommended,212680,7019491,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,OrangeyChocolate,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a game that proves that you don't need high-definition graphics, orchestral soundtracks or foul-mouthed, muscle-bound thugs shooting at Russians to make an exciting game. FTL's strength lies in its ability to keep the pressure on you. Winning battles, managing power distribution, upgrading your ship and staying one step ahead of the pursuing Rebel fleet all depends on your decision-making skills. But you must always think on your feet; the game has a nasty habit of throwing a spanner in the works at every given oppurtunity. This is a real hidden gem of a game, and one that I would not hesitate to recommend to anyone."
76561197995116102,Recommended,212680,9714541,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Snapple Nestle Lithium,"If you like scifi and have an active imagination, this game is wonderful."
76561198060385846,Recommended,212680,8097635,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Campin' Carl,Incredible. Brutally unforgiving and strategic - keeps you coming back for more. Was nominated for IGNs game of the year. Everyone should play this.
,Recommended,212680,9723836,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,hiimsmart,"Great game with increasing difficulty as you progress. If you want to unlock ships, you actually have to work for them instead having them handed to you for sticking around for a while. I've played this game for a good while and still haven't beat the final boss. You have a map with points on each level and choose the way you want to progress through the level by juping to different points, but if you stick around too long, a fleet of ships start advancing its way across the screen until you jump to the next sector. Definitely worth the $10 and a great game to just play whenever you feel like."
76561198070693132,Recommended,212680,9759688,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,WholeHorse,This is a fun game a little frustating at times but is fun and theres a new free DLC it adds a lot of new stuff so get FTL you wont regret it.PS This game isnt to random theres stargety involed
76561197995376444,Recommended,212680,9004248,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,EchoLimaFoxtrot,"Faster than light is a game where you become the captain of your very own ship, placing youself in command as you traverse across a galaxy to save the day. This arcade style game gives you control of your ship, crew, and weapons, you can customise their names etc. Gameplay, ftl provides a very real challenge when playing, you have to take your ship across various sectors in space all the while being chased by the rebel fleet. As you progress across you face an array of random events, which can either lead to riches of destruction. No play through is ever the same, and that can be frustrating at times but is a crucial part of ftl. The perma-death gameplay mechanic further making every decision you make as having serious consequences for your game,I personally love it as a game that i can sit down and think well this could occupy me for 20minutes to an hour, if i successfully reach the boss. I would recommend this game to my friends and even if you only play it once it is worth a look."
,Recommended,212680,9756687,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,NumberXXIV,"i love this game, good rogue-like, fun battles.The new content is really cool as well."
76561198072392025,Recommended,212680,9730225,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,silly name,♥♥♥♥ing Funscellent/10
76561198095478228,Recommended,212680,9744062,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,RETARDEDHAIR,one of the best games ever
76561197994217009,Recommended,212680,9765721,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Venturi,"The game is simple and each play through is a little different, even more so if you switch up the ships. This makes for a fun game each time after you die and it is easy to lose track of the time doing so. The up side however is also the down side, since you never know what you are jumping into without the scanner ( unless you are lucky to get it early ) so your game may not be that long.That said the game is still quite fun and I say GL HF."
76561198000427803,Recommended,212680,9730227,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Talented,"At first, it's a great, challenging game that'll have you hooked all the way through the final boss area.   Then, after awhile, you can dive into the challenges of the different ships that are unlocked and find a whole new way of playing the game while the final boss still challenges you.   It's rare that you have games like that still; knowing that no matter how great or bad you're doing, the final boss will ALWAYS be a uphill fight til the end!"
,Recommended,212680,9438141,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,ChunkyBeef,"Probably one of the best sci-fi games I've played in my life, and I've played plenty of awesome sci-fi games. The micro-management is interesting and fun, and rarely overwhelming. The learning curve is incredibly shallow; you'll find yourself pausing and micro-managing every tiny aspect of the ships you're using in only a handful of games. Bonus: they're coming out with a content update soon, which is for free, surprisingly.Two problems I have with the game, however:1. Unlocking new ships/layouts is a chore. Many of them are logical, and you'll earn them just by playing. Others require difficult to discern and improbable in-game scenarios to occur completely at random, and many of them require very specific item combinations, races on board the ship or dialogue choices. It'll be hundreds of games before you inevitably unlock everything. Achievements are silly and sometimes ridiculous, but need to be acquired to unlock layouts. Expect to never unlock every alternate layout.2. Beating the game is extremely difficult and outright unfair. I've played through games where I've had everything good happen to me, had an amazing ship in nearly every feasible capacity, followed strategies and still lost to the final boss for slight errors. How people manage to actually complete the game is beyond me, because I've played the game a ton and only gotten to the final boss's second form.Besides those two gripes, the overall game itself is fun and 100% worth the purchase."
,Recommended,212680,9758363,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,DAFLER,Space!
76561198115358228,Recommended,212680,9776121,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Welkin Gunther,so mutch good must buy
,Recommended,212680,9777644,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,HG | Navi,"So many ways to kill, so many ways to interact, and finally, so many ways to die. Plus with this new FREE expansion, FTL is one of my favorite indie game. Plus it has that sci-fi and action to back up the limitless possibilites to play this game, and so far it has yet to dissapoint in any way. I suggest anyone who has not tried this game to buy this game with utmost enthusiasm."
,Recommended,212680,9749741,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,CommissarRAWR.,"It is challenging, and not always fair, due to how much it bases itself on luck. But its addictive, interesting, fun and a little crazy. The levels are varied, the customisation is nice, although limited, the ships all operate differently and all the races operative differently too. All in all, its fun and addictive. 7/10 would recommend."
,Recommended,212680,9662132,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,lil'Papa G,FTL is simply just a great game. Looks really casuall and also feels so at first. But after a few hours you realize its also really hard.I absolutly love this game. While my on record time is 10 hours I know for sure its way over that. I was playing this game a lot when I didnt have any internet.I would also give a huge shout out to the devs of this game for giving away DLC instead of charging money for it. If only all devs treated their fans like this. They also gave  me a finished product when I bought this game. No day one update and no lack of content. Its good to see devs treating their customers like this.Great game and great devs!
76561198025102336,Recommended,212680,9168870,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Eindvijand,I've played this game for over 200 hours now. That's more time than I spent on several replays of the complete Mass Effect trilogy. Simply one of the best space games of the last years. A must buy.
,Recommended,212680,8614296,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,diigital,"Amazing game, and well worth the money! It's pretty difficult so maybe play on easy at first. If you pay attention during the tutorial everything is easy enough to learn and the game is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,212680,7857588,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,TayKief,just might be the greatest game I bought on steam; I cannot recommend it enough. Also great soundtrack!
,Recommended,212680,8673085,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Hello1423,EPICsuper adicting and fundefinite recommendation
,Recommended,212680,10040826,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Zest,"Ah....man... I just spent hours after hours playing this game. THIS GAME IS DOPE.Yeah, it may look bit too nerdy by just a glance, but man, just buy this dope and be nutts for 6 continuous hours.Allthough it is fairly simple gameplay, it is very rewarding and interesting for hours after hours.Ok, I'm starting to have a headache but it was god damn worth it!"
76561198072025746,Recommended,212680,9918709,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Brumbär,"Exelent game. To all those who unrecomend this game that's because you don't find dying part of the fun! Or another way of spoiling the game is to search up things about the game, which ruins the purpose of this game. Don't even search up one small thing about it and you will thank yourself for not doing so once you have found it. Take risks and try something new. That's how you enjoy this game.Also, I dislike all games that have permanent deaths. Except this one."
76561198063300606,Recommended,212680,10001800,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,CitrusCyclone,"My Favorite game to play of all time, no matter what time of day or even if im bored to death."
76561198067334594,Recommended,212680,9985269,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,0o0,"Exellent game. It is initiallly hard but as you get better you can progress pretty consistantly. The difficulties are all good, and even if you feel you have mastered the game you can still get a challange out of the higher difficulties"
,Recommended,212680,7898431,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,benknee,"Awesomely addictive little game. Sure it can get a little repetitive, but it just has that spark that keeps you playing for hours on end! Definitely recommend!"
76561198024441419,Recommended,212680,10048235,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Witcher Sai,"Its like eating an ice cream... its nice, tasty and just awesome but then BOOM the ice cream is directed by michael bay and mantis teleport to your ice cream! Tear it apart system by system and one small mistake ends in  you drifting through space...It sucks you in, old school like. You will always think yeah just one more try. Sorry did i mention mantis? And Brain Slugs? Teleportation? Lasers? And death, lots and lots of death. You will die A LOT. :) Buy it. Make your friend buy it. Make your grandparents buy it and you can all complain how your super upgraded space ship, got boarded and eaten by mantis because you were too cheap to upgrade your doors..."
,Recommended,212680,183281,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,ChR0n1k,Great sci-fi strategy with solid difficulty
,Recommended,212680,9278871,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,shattering244,OMT = One More Turn
,Recommended,212680,8380585,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,]BoS[stoph,FTL is amazing. It's been a long time since I've looked at the clock and it was 2 hours later than I thought it should be :)
76561198068541247,Recommended,212680,9577532,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Mikemarksman,"After playing over 100 hours of this game - most of which were accumulated in the first few weeks after release - I can honestly say this is one of the best - if not the best - games I have purchased from Steam, and indeed, had the pleasure of playing over and over again.This, along with the awesome looking free content that is currently in development, is why I would recommend FTL to anyone looking for a fun yet challenging strategy-oriented game."
,Recommended,212680,9418626,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Bambi,"THIS ♥♥♥♥ING STUPID♥♥♥♥♥GAME IS REALLY SOMETHING SPECIAL. OUT OF ALL THE ♥♥♥♥ED UP♥♥♥♥♥♥IN THE WORLD THIS ONE TAKES THE ♥♥♥♥ING CAKE. YOU'LL FLY THROUGH SPACE AND GET YOUR RED SHIRTED♥♥♥♥♥HANDED TO YOU BY A ♥♥♥♥ING PLETHORA OF STUPID♥♥♥♥♥SHIT. IN THE ♥♥♥♥ING END YOU'LL ONLY MAKE IT PAST THE FIRST FIVE ♥♥♥♥ING ENEMIES AND NEVER EVEN SEE THE MOTHER ♥♥♥♥ER WAITING AT THE END. IF YOU EVER WANT TO BE ANGRY LIKE YOURS TRULY, THIS WILL GET YOU ♥♥♥♥ING GOING."
,Recommended,212680,9761017,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Vigorous Moist,good game but gets boring after playing 187 hours of it i would definitely reccomend buying it though
,Recommended,212680,6332892,"Posted: 21 September, 2012",all,Community Manager - Denis,BUY THIS
76561198034372305,Recommended,212680,9941467,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Kal,"Incredible game. Lots of replay value. Combat is very tactical, and there are lots of options in combat. Outside of combat, the game is very based on random encounter and maps, so it plays different every time. Be prepared to die quite a bit, I've died on my 2nd jump due to really bad rolls, but the game is lots of fun anyway :)"
76561198117956553,Recommended,212680,10802030,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,shadow.fox,It’s mind numbingly fun.
76561198015584613,Recommended,212680,10836173,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,spatsy,A must play for any gamer
,Recommended,212680,10820322,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,squak,"9/10definetly would bangWhy its so great:Incredibly challenging, It's super difficult, (im very good and i died before I went to the first area)can run on anythinggreat to recordpretty graphixvery intensedecisions to be madeEveryone will dieThe dark souls of indie gamesVery entertainingwill keep you playing for hoursI've never seen a bug or glitch.dedicated developers, lots of updates and such.I definetly love this game, Buy it. BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,212680,10821372,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Morgeth,This is like pie and cake combined.
76561198041728722,Recommended,212680,10822196,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ThinkOfMyName,"Great game, expected a small distraction got a good game"
,Recommended,212680,10823197,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Skiz,Great game! Lots of fun and time consuming. This is a tough game and you must have luck!
76561198126245514,Recommended,212680,10822532,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SareeneOne,"Fun and addicting, plus aliens."
76561198068815867,Recommended,212680,6550873,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,Xlr8ti0n,"this game is realy good if your into strategy games and time consumeing...its got an EXELENT gameplay mechanic and its not easy so you cant realy storm thourgh it. Its an absolute STEAL for only 9.99€, i know it looks a bit plane but when you get to dig in you can see its real beuty.... the music fits perfectly with the theme and gets you sucked even more into the game"
,Recommended,212680,9706030,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Gunmetal Toughie,"Simple in visual appearence, and sounds (including the soundtrack), both are pleasing to the eye and ear, and the gameplay is as complex as you want it to be.Hulk your ship up with firepower and rely on heavy weapons to blow the ♥♥♥♥ out of anything that stands in your way, or invest in crewmembers who excel in CQ combat and teleport them into the enemy vessel and pacify it by sabotaging lifesupport systems or simply directly wipe out the enemy crew and acquire more loot.Micromanage power distribution and crew tasks/placement in order to counter invasions, repairing vital systems or hull breaches.Your ship is on fire? open up the airlock and all doors between the fire and the lock, emptying that area of oxygen, keeping the fire from spreading, and eventually starve it to death.Its easy, yet challenging and not hard to get into, making it an excellent game that will help you kill time whilst you are waiting for a phonecall or waiting for the spouse to get all gussied up for an evening out.You will never play it the same way twice. There are also unlockable ships to be had, along with achievements that will provide interesting challenges for you to try your hands on."
,Recommended,212680,6126271,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,CHINA SUCKS,a great indie strategy game with a amazing personality and randomness that makes last for only a fiver
76561198048012967,Recommended,212680,10785659,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,brattmo,"I was unfamiliar with the ""roguelike""-genre when I first played FTL and I fell in love at once. Both with the genre and the game itself.The combat is rewarding and surprisingly deep. You, as a player, have a lot of agency when choosing what to build and how to engage enemies.There are, also, some random events when you're asked to make moral decitions. These don't inpact the game in any grand way; there are no ""good vs evil""-morality bars that you fill up. They only leave you with less money and a sense that you did a good thing (if that's what you're into).The gameplay is, like I described, very good but the real strength of the game is the world and atmosphere. The alien races are well defined, the random encounters are well written and the music is fantastic.I cannot recommed this game enough."
76561198015478785,Recommended,212680,10746471,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Knightyomega,Amazing game! You'll throw away a fair few hours playing and replaying this short and simple yet hugely in-depth game.Still can't work out why a game with a quick pause button still feels frantic and pressured.Would recommend to any and everyone!
76561198128845503,Recommended,212680,10223823,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,"Peru by Day, Russia by Night","This game... It's both easy and hard. I LOVE to play this game but, when you get a good setup and get to the boss you get wrecked it makes me mad. The game is very fun and has a good balance between fast, and slow. I like to start a run and play like half of it one day and then finish it the next I find it very exhillarting and peaceful. I HIGHLY recommend this game and also it is a very good startegy game and also it gives you a good challenge and also you can pick up and play and do well and then you can learn and become good and I love the balance between easy and hard learning cuve."
76561198073661985,Recommended,212680,9745675,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Torin Redpath,Very good game!
76561198097998607,Recommended,212680,11493384,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Captain Demytri,"FTL is an awesome game and i have been nonstop playing it, i even wrote this review in-game, i love the death mechanic and the concepts and weapons. I just hope they add more to the game because it still feels like the game's smaller than it could be.But all-in-all this is one heck of a game and its just awesome."
76561198107469256,Recommended,212680,9785161,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,louieshaw1989,"This game is already consuming hours of my life, and I'm still playing it on easy. With a hard difficulty and permanent death, FTL is not for those who get frustrated easily, but there is something immersive about it that sucks you back in to try all over again.This is a game that is engaging and hopelessly bleak - it really can't be compared to Star Trek or Star Wars; the only comparison that can be made is the 70's British Sci-Fi BLAKE'S 7, which involves a ragtag band on the run from an oppressive enemy (and are gloomily all killed at the end)"
,Recommended,212680,11132678,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Chunchunmaru,cant get enough of it!! highly recomended!!!!!
,Recommended,212680,11140037,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,G.Raze,"This gamemakes you want to keep playing it till you beat i. Plus you cant turn it off. ""Just One more turn"" is the phrase i have in mind when playing this. Its incredible."
,Recommended,212680,10737336,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Minty,Great game to waste some time on over and over and over again.  Ton's of replayability for such a simple concept.
76561198025036102,Recommended,212680,10856829,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BendItLikeEinstein,The best $10 game ever
,Recommended,212680,10822334,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Prep2Fall,Rogue-like (permanent death) style gamewith interesting strategy mechanics. Game is somewhat long for rogue-like but unlockables add a lot replayability.
76561198074686226,Recommended,212680,10861673,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,xenoghost26,this game is alot of fun and it is worth to own it :)
76561197963406356,Recommended,212680,10735119,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Captain Planet,"One of the best games I have played, I find the challenge and random generation of this game extremely addicting."
,Recommended,212680,4744582,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,vBonney,"This game is Amazing, has a good story line, multiple enemys, and different quests and side missions. The good side is all hte customizable thing you can do with your ship and crew, changing hair color, names, and where there positioned. The bad side is that I would of like to see more, this game is awesome but theres nothing more then the same kinda of single players missions. But the good news is that they made triple of what they were asking for in There kickstarter so expect a ton of new things added. 9/10"
,Recommended,212680,327908,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Resok,Lots of fun - complex game of crew and ship management.  Quite Challenging as the universe is a very dangerous place.
76561197992292401,Recommended,212680,16544055,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,madoc,"Great indie game that took off in popularity. There isn't really any other game like this but it is a strategy/survival game. You travel through space destroying and salvaging ships for parts to make your own ship stronger. You are trying to defeat the opposive galactic forces while surviving harsh nebulas, deadly asteroid fields, and space pirates.9/10Amazing soundtrack."
76561197962040308,Recommended,212680,21949558,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,HighMike,This game is awesome.
,Recommended,212680,1933307,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Mr. Slurpy,I hope your on good terms with RNGesus 'cause this game is one big dice toss.
,Recommended,212680,3071736,"Posted: 24 November, 2012",all,Kevvuuuuuuuun,自分の艦艇をカスタマイズしながら宇宙を旅する、所謂4X系ゲーム。主に、デフォルメされた乗組員を操りながら敵艦と砲火を交えることになる。美麗な映像なんてものはどこにも無い。純粋にゲーム性だけで勝負している。およそ二時間程度で一周することができるので、気軽に楽しめる。様々なイベント、隠し要素が用意されているため、何周しても苦にならない。始めたころは理不尽な難易度に驚愕するだろうが、近年のヌルゲーを鑑みるに、かえって熱中すると思う。2012年にプレイしたゲームの中では一番面白かった。そのへんのメジャータイトルより遥かに面白い。また、Modding(改造)が比較的簡単なので、長く遊べる。score 100
,Recommended,212680,8445190,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,-=nOrse=- Awesomeman,"This is a game that can eat yoru hours, it can swallow your days, and yet you will gladly let it do it, gladly see your ship go down in flames just to twerk taht strategy earlier and get the most out of the journey. I Highly recomend this titel."
76561198055262406,Recommended,212680,15567904,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Paradise,It's amazing how something so simple can be so deep. You will be suck for hours to explore the galaxy and fight your opponents in the most climatic spaceship simulator there is. The soundtrack is also marvelous.I highly recomend playing with Captain's Edition Mod instaled for even greater experience :).FTL/10
,Recommended,212680,22727886,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Wilhelm3,"It's hard to get into. But once you get the hang of it, figure out what works and what doesn't, and start winning,  you'll love it. There's a hell of a learning curve, but I'll give a few hints:Upgrade your engines whenever you can. Doesn't seem like much, but every shot you dodge is a good one.Flak weapons are stupidly good.Never use the 3rd-tier weapon, they aren't as power-efficient as the second ones for the shots you get.Never put a zoltan in piloting, sensors, or doors. Their power boost actually prevents ion damage ,so if you have 2 zoltan in shields, you'll always have shields.Killing enemy crew but keeping the ship intact retains your shields.Buy the game and play it. It's stupidly fun."
76561198175460506,Recommended,212680,17445484,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Cod Of Ages,i've wanted this game for 2 years now and now i've finally got it i can't stop playing it!
76561198095839864,Recommended,212680,9759523,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,CloneCommando99,"This is an amazing game, with the new expansion there is a ton of stuff to do, permadeath can be annoying but in this game it is not so bad, sure you lose all your stuff, but sometimes when you die you unlock better more powerful ships with different advantages and disadvantages, I recommend this game for all fans of spaceships and awesomeness"
,Recommended,212680,24076086,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,XeNoX,"This is one of my favorite Indie game.+ Excellent atmosphere+ Challenging enemies+ Each run is different+ Musics are awesome+ 10 Playable ships (Each one requires different playstyle)+ Wide variety of equipment, weapons, lifeforms and more+ Advanced mode unlocks even more+ Crew members are able to rise and master their jobs+ Interesting pop-up stories when you have the option to choose what to do next- No Steam achievements yet (There are only in-game achievements)Definitely worth buying!"
,Recommended,212680,11307914,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mutilated Melon,"Faster than light is the type of game that can cause intense bouts of rage and frustration. Abrupt, immediate, and soul crushing deaths will be plentiful.But don't run away yet. FTL, although extremely annoying, is also extremely rewarding. It has a great upgrade system, allowing you to allocate power to a variety of different ""systems"" that can both damage the enemy ship and protect your ship and its crew. You can upgrade you reactor to gain more power points, and upgrade systems such as shields, weapons, and engine (evading enemy shots) as a place to put your new power.There are many different ships to select, and more available by unlock. Unlocking new ships happens in different ways. For some you will need to complete 2 of the 3 achievements specific to that ship. For others you'll need to reach the final sector (will explain later). There are a few ships unlocked by special chains of events in-game, which are pretty hard to unlock without peeking at a guide.The basic gameplay and story of FTL is that you are one of the last ships of the ""Federation"", attempting to take down the Rebels that are conquering the galaxy. The game is spanned across 8 sectors (sections), and you are moving forwards to the end point at each sector. The rebel fleet is behind you the entire time, and if you are too slow they will catch up and quite possibly kill you. Each sector contains a randomly generated array of beacons, which are points that your ship can move to and from. Some contain enemy ships, some contain other events. There are few events that I have not seen, but they are still interesting and not repetitive due to the upgrade system mentioned above.So yes, you will die. And you might also yell. But FTL is definitely worth getting. It might take a little while to understand, but once you do it will seem extremely inuitive. There are also a lot of quite complex features I haven't mentioned, such as augmentations, cloaking, drones, and so on. It's a lot different than any game I've played, which can't be said for a lot of rouge-like(lite)s recently.Overall: 8.5/10"
76561198040903572,Recommended,212680,17468896,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Waystone,"Probably the best bang for your buck game on Steam, unless you really love one of the F2P games like DOTA 2.I can't recommend this game enough. The different ships each offer their own unique experience, some being harder than others (How on earth do you play the Stealth ship effectively?!)Jumping from node to node using FTL technology, you upgrade, repair, and augment your ship as you try to outrun an enemy fleet that follows close behind. That pressure means you have to make compromises, and that makes playing through -- even with the same ship -- different each time. Do you upgrade shields or install a hacking system? Hire a crewman to man the sensors or refuel? Every decision has the potential to be your downfall or your salvation because every jump offers a new challenge.Critically, events with the same descriptions can have different results the next time you encounter them. Just because letting a mysterious stranger join your crew resulted in a valuable ally once doesn't mean you won't be betrayed next time, so you can't memorize the outcomes and coast through the game.Each playthrough also offers the chance to earn new ships by completing certain optional challenges that depend on which ship you use. Other ships can be unlocked by discovering and completing dangerous quests that eat into your limited time, but the reward is often worth the risk.Finally, you can name your starting crew, so whether you want to recreate the crew from Star Trek or just name everyone ""Butts"", you're set.Buy it. You'll love it."
,Recommended,212680,1552628,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,DeadPool,Best indie game ive played yet!
76561198053389376,Recommended,212680,20104465,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Frosty,I killed the first boss in 7 hours... this is the proudest moment of my life.
76561198025326109,Recommended,212680,21009613,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,NillerDaChilla,"After playing 5 hours i discovered that you could get more ships and new layoutsAfter playing 10 hours and finally defating the boss i thought ""now ill get the other ships because im so pro""After playing 25 hours i was crying in my bed because i had only unlocked the Zoltan cruiserAfter playing 50 hours i had moost of the ships unlockedAfter playing 65 hours i had finally gotten most ships and their layoutsAfter playing 75 hours i downloaded The Captains EditionAfter playing 100+ i still couldn't stop playingI rate 12/10"
,Recommended,212680,4543328,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,Ninja Bob,"FTL or Faster Then Light is a indie kick started game by Subset Games, In which you play as a space ship captain tasked with getting the secret plans of how to defeat the Death Star sorry I mean Enemy Mother Ship to the rest of you fleet while being cased by the rebel fleet. The game  is different as all of the systems and events are randomly generated so no one with have the same experience though life is hard in this galaxy with permadeath and may a foe you will die may times by this part of the experience and increases the replay ability of this game which you could get through in about thirty minutes.The game is played for a top down real time strategy view with you being able to pause at anytime to assign tasks to your crew as you mange your shields, engines, weapons, oxygen, airlocks and many other systems. Other then the combat their will be may choices you have to make from spending your hard fought scrap on repairing your ship, getting better shields or that cool new Perseus missile launcher. As well as dialog choices similar to a choose your own adventurer story with the all powerful Blue opinions in may  cases if you have a type of crew, weapons or module.The game features 7 unique races with the plain humans, the mechanical Engi who are good at repairing, the violent Mantis who like nothing more than to rip you limb for limb, the Rockmen who laugh off fire, the powerful Zoltan with the ability to add more power to your systems, the ancient crystal the ancestors of the rock men and the traitorous slugs with their telepathic abilities.The music by Ben Prunty is split into two distinct styles the peaceful and calming low key music when you drifting in space and readying your ship for the next jump into the unknown, Contrasting the fast paced, heart pumping battle music which adds so much stress and tension to the intense battle management.Overall FTL is a great unique indie title with brilliant design and hours of fun to be had here."
76561198051405128,Recommended,212680,13522365,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,moneymakerdotcom,Great game
,Recommended,212680,21121295,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Aurora,An absoultley stellar (no pun intended) game. The game always keeps you on your toes and immersed with great gameplay and amazing music.
,Recommended,212680,9510529,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Captain Yuri Yershev,very well done
76561198145894940,Recommended,212680,12208450,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Littlefreak100,Not for the faint of heart.
76561198180058014,Recommended,212680,21198466,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Darth Blender,"Very fun. I like all the different scenarios you could find. The shops are realistic, with different items in every shop. Very difficult, personaly I like a challenge, but needs easier difficulty for begginers."
76561198079889633,Recommended,212680,6936306,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,RoguePotato,A cheap game that never gets old!
76561198031044198,Recommended,212680,9751219,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,"Hodor, the Hodarian",Best Thing Since Bread
,Recommended,212680,3262756,"Posted: 14 December, 2012",all,CelestialBoon,"The space roguelike that managed to hook me. Enough variety in ships, weapons and events to keep you interested for a long while with strategies, especially considered the fun micromanaging, the tough random component, and the all-around unforgiveness. Hard (and good) enough to keep you trying to get that final boss down, again and again. Good luck: you'll need it."
,Recommended,212680,10659416,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TacticalCatalyst,Addictive and fun with a high level of replayability - recommended!
76561198010736559,Recommended,212680,2665479,"Posted: 16 December, 2012",all,Four_12_Year_Old_Girls,"Great game, is surprisingly addictive. Simple graphics, it could probably run on anything and has a lot of replayability!"
76561198061402755,Recommended,212680,6215668,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,Beard Games,"super fun, but a good challange."
,Recommended,212680,741685,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,Sandalf,Rather addicting ship management game with random encounters and other fun stuff. I recommend to everyone who like management games.
,Recommended,212680,19925900,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,SwettYnRedY,Accidentally vented the oxygen in my ship in the last sector (In a battle).Everyone died before I noticed.Turned off PC out of frustration.Cried.Turned PC back on.New Game.Perfect 5/7
,Recommended,212680,19749668,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,DySyng,"If you like the idea of space exploration and challenge in a game, this is for you. With the vast diversity in weaponry, ships, and characters, you learn something new every game. It's a long journey to beating the game, but when you eventually do, you can't wait to jump in a new ship and do it all over again.Congratulations on making a game with such diversity and balance in ships and weaponryThis is a stellar purchase."
76561198053237959,Recommended,212680,10705635,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Ch3v4l13r,Fun little game that is pretty simple yet challenging will definitely eat up some of your time.
,Recommended,212680,849710,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,Jerakal,"Let me tell you a little bit about why FTL has consumed my entire week since buying it.On the outset, the game looks like a very simple starship simulator.  You move your crewmembers around RTS style, posting them around the ship to man or repair different systems, fight off boarders, or what have you.  Systems can be turned on or off with a single click.  Easy right?WRONG.  DEAD ♥♥♥♥ING WRONG. GET THE ♥♥♥♥ OUT OF HERE.This is a mere facade, what lies beneath what at first seems like a simple jaunt through space turns into a frantic battle for the lives of your entire crew, nearly every fight.What's that? A stray asteroid punched a hole through our O2 scrubbers?OH♥♥♥♥♥♥ Better send someone to fix that!But wait! That last solar flare has set our shield systems on fire and now we're vulnerable to laser fire!WELL, ♥♥♥♥! Fix that then.I'D LOVE TO, BUT A GIANT PRAYING MANTIS HAS BEAMED ON BOARD AND IS CHEWING MY♥♥♥♥♥OFF.And that's on a good day."
,Recommended,212680,11132712,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bluehalomango,"I honestly don't know what to say. Well it's amazing. Just the atmosphere created alone is enough for me aswell as the gameplay, replayabilty, endless options, RPG elements and modding community. Not to mention it's fairly cheap for a awesome game.To start off the emmense variety of ship layouts, random events(YOU CAN FIND FLOATING GUNS!), weapons, crew, enemys, upgrades, systeams, places and quests are a standout part of this game. Coupeled with the music which plays out to the action taken place and where you are (loud and upbeat when in danger or ambient and peaceful when safe), theres also the little systeam sounds( opening doors and pressing buttons etc..) and the pixelised artwork thats perfectly designed all fit together. Lastly victory is SO SATISFYING, after such a long journey it IS worth the trip.Altogether AWESOME 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,8463014,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BADDA BOOM,"An indie gem which will please gamers and sci-fans alike.Gameplay: Run through space, trying not to die, getting crew and upgrades, battling ships, and reaching the end. ...WOW. 9.5/10Replay: You will die. A LOT. But still addicting nevertheless. Mods, but no Steam support. 10/10Graphics: (Correct me if I'm wrong) 32-Bit ish graphics. Not a major concern. 8/10Sound: Beautiful. 9/10Music: OHMYGAHD. BUY. THE. SOUNDTRACK. 10/10Overall, the game gets a 9.5/10. Not perfect, but who cares?"
,Recommended,212680,20014363,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Adm1nistrator,"TL:DR- ""So addicting, not the bad kind that makes you smell bad."" -Amethyst (Me)It's the kind that runs the ""completion principle"" come into play, you just want to win you try and try. But you fail, so then you go and do something else for a bit. Then you come back to try and beat the &quot♥♥♥♥♥quot; out of these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. So that they are just holes and dead. I've played around 2 days straight of trying to win, getting the the boss once. I mean, beating the game isn't that hard you just have to be stratigic on what your doing. And then sometimes you pick the wrong decisions that ♥♥♥♥ you up really bad in the future. You just have to be smart. Which I am (Sometimes) not."
,Recommended,212680,14182801,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Gizmo,"Your ship will explode Faster Than Light, name of the game.186,283/10 faster than light."
,Recommended,212680,3669593,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Travanoid,"This game is very fun. It will kick your♥♥♥♥♥over and over, but it's a hell of a lot of fun. If you like rogue-like levels of difficulty and always dreamed of being captain of a spaceship, buy this."
76561197960807559,Recommended,212680,15423623,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,bobioman,"Awesome game, just the right price for the content ($10)."
76561197987860452,Recommended,212680,20321686,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,k-os,Very good time waster!
76561198133825505,Recommended,212680,14338118,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,JH,Perfect. Absolutly perfect.
,Recommended,212680,4333068,"Posted: 24 June, 2013",all,Commissar Lafayette,"Amazing game for casually sitting down and playing a few minutes, or burning away hours waiting for the weeked."
76561198046307377,Recommended,212680,5200245,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,7102 Reilavehc,"Simple plot, simple gameplay mechanics, drawn out and suspenseful gameplay as well as fun combat."
76561198053720455,Recommended,212680,14375903,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Airwick_Robots,"FTL is an elegantly designed game that looked and feels simple, but has a wealth of strategy and content for those who enjoy digging deeper.The sectors you travel seem procedurally generated and most games run pretty quickly, so if you're looking for a game you can pick up and play without killing your schedule, this is certainly one to consider. Lots of fun--love it to death."
,Recommended,212680,3617596,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Grakron,"Its awesome, just do it"
76561198125156446,Recommended,212680,20798219,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Clinton4Prison2k16,Very fun.
76561198126646656,Recommended,212680,14081164,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,FireInSin,If you like to die to fire and get mad alot then this is the game for youwould kill my own men just for fun again.
76561197971116035,Recommended,212680,494417,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Skeksis13,Best $2.50 ever spent. Great game!
76561197995629098,Recommended,212680,1631284,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,[DnO]FiendFellow,"FTL: Faster than Light is honestly like no other game I've played before. You control a spaceship and its crew, flying through space while trying to evade the rebel fleet chasing you across the galaxy with random encounters over every horizon. You'll find bandits, settlers, ship wrecks, rogue AI ships, as well as the occasional merchant station. Your ultimate goal is to gather enough weapons and scrap through exploration to outfit your ship with enough weapons and upgrades to win the final battle, or valiantly die trying. Its roguelike nature ensures you will die many times before you successfully beat the game, but it's such an enjoyable game that you'll want to keep coming back till you beat it. There's also ships to unlock that have vastly different layouts, with different crews and weapon systems, that add a lot of replayability. Finally, the soundtrack is perfectly matched for the game, enhancing just about every moment of the game with its wonderful themes and melodies that really complete the whole experience.This game has earned an automatic purchase from me for any DLC or expansion they make in the future, no matter what price. I highly recommend it to anyone looking for a well rounded, finely polished game at a great price that is truly worth every penny."
76561198044806714,Recommended,212680,8410480,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,fred_porchat,"If your deciding if you wanna buy this game or not I'll tell you: BUY IT.It is a great game with strategic gameplay such as managing resources and deciding what to disable on the enimie's ship, random ecounters that will force you to make hard choices like risking one of you're crew member for a new weapon and scrap or staying out off the battle to save some of your ship's health. Note: if you die its over! But that's one of the strong points of the game because you can replay the game many different times with a randomized galaxy and never have the same run, and you will die lot, learn from your past mistakes so that you can make a better run. Your first run will be a disaster because you barely know this galaxy, but in the third you'll already have some expirience so you will make it even further.This game is amazing, just for watching your ship slowly burn as you frustated try to repair your engine to get the ♥♥♥♥ out of that battle before all your crew asfixiate because a hull breach. I'll give this game a 8/10, because even with great gameplay some times it lacks new content to push you back to the galaxy."
,Recommended,212680,4144382,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,H3rbal Terrorist,Most infuriating game ever!
76561198093129959,Recommended,212680,13871345,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,samuelyk,Best space game ever! :)
76561198014863799,Recommended,212680,9788175,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Jake Thunder,I really like this game.  It's clean simple fun that any fan of space science fiction and strategy will most likely enjoy.
,Recommended,212680,21227477,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,sadmachine,damn im addicted
76561198102706111,Recommended,212680,20814314,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Larabee,"My personal favourite game of all time, the game is very rewarding when you finally defeat the boss at the end against the odds all the way. The crew you will sometimes just thank for fixing or beating the crap out of invaders. With the amount of tools creating new weapons and ships is easy modding really adds to this game but is still worth it with no modding at all. I would highly recommend you buy this game."
76561198040892153,Recommended,212680,11312328,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Major McGrundle,game so good and so hard make me cry sometimes but still gooder than most
,Recommended,212680,10991927,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PRION,This is a brilliant sci fi strategy/rogue-like with many playstyles to choose from and ships to unlock. Do you teleport your meanest crew members in while using ion cannons to disable their systems or do you direct all your power to the weapons and just blow them away? The choice is yours in the race to save the federation and defeat the advancing rebel scum. Fair warning: you will die; this game is brutal.
,Recommended,212680,14732757,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Superpowerless,In space all is calmVictory is close at handand now I'm on fire...It's snowing on Mt.Fuji
,Recommended,212680,20656009,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Threnody,Fantastically fun and difficult. Great music.
,Recommended,212680,8606505,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Stigg,Good christian fun
76561198059000525,Recommended,212680,9775488,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Ponysparkles,"It's everything you'd expect in anything and more...including everything. Just get it. Seriously. Stop what you're doing right now and purchase it. Don't have the money? No excuse. We're in the future now. $10 was like, $459743597 in 1989 money. You could have gotten FTL plus a continent for that amount. See? No excuse. Oh? you're doing something important? Does it involve going back in time to rewrite the Magna Carta to include penguins? Keep doing what you're doing. Otherwise, buy this game. I'm talking to you Jeff. That's right, I just called you Jeff. You're name isn't Jeff? Well it's going to be if you don't buy this game. Know why? Because in the future you didn't buy this game and due to a lack of motivation in life you felt down and decided to get a shrimp taco from the taco place you know has terrible ship tacos. When you come home you're going to stare at your mirror in discust and accidently say ""what was I thinking"" outloud three times in a row. This summons Kevin Donahue, Phil Donahues younger brother from an alternate dimension. Kevin Donahue doesn't like quitters. He's going to get your life back on track. Know how? He's going to lend you $10 to buy this game. See? No escaping it, just do it. Trust me.  -Kevin Donahue"
,Recommended,212680,19737269,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Soviet Online,"Space, Space exploration, and warp drivers are all things that interest me. The game has a great consept and story to it."
76561198120134168,Recommended,212680,12004862,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,mmdstuff,i liked the game because it is amazing but is better if you get it with ftl infinite space mod.
76561198066262601,Recommended,212680,6435792,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Protocol; Wired,One of the best games ever! Buy it!
76561198062060650,Recommended,212680,10755869,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,JulyHorizon,Can't stop for long....addicted to FTL....10/10This will have to do...must go back to space....
,Recommended,212680,9347820,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Code Cowz,Game breaks sometimes leaving me with no shields... But its still a great game
,Recommended,212680,11566240,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,quinnymb,Awesome game. Period.
76561198096565660,Recommended,212680,14407408,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Dax Olisia,I can't stop.11/10
76561198061675728,Recommended,212680,6228780,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Burly Jim,"Download FTL. Jump in without knowing what to expect. Get lulled into a false sense of security by the first few enemies. Get blasted into ash by the next one. Try again. Repeat. Get frusterated and vow to finish the game. Find new ship. Try new ship. Die. Repeat. Remember your vow. Plow your way all to the end and fight the final boss. Die before you reach it. Cry. Repeat. Repeat. Give up and don't play for a few months. Try again, full of hope. Get crushed. It's honestly a good game, but you'll eventually get so frustrated you'll start opening your airlocks at the start of a playthrough to save yourself the time and effort of getting your crew killed."
,Recommended,212680,13776864,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CallMeMrJenkins,"So much replayability its outrageous.If you enjoy the game mechanics then you will fall in love. The game is random everytime you play, so its up to you to come up with a strategy to deal with everything thats being thrown at you all the while trying to adapt in time to take on the final boss.If that wasn't enough there are 12 different ships each with three different layouts that change up what you start with along with how the rooms in your ship are layed out. You will without a doubt spend an hour or two trying to survive till the end only to get wiped out by the final boss, however what makes it so addicting is the desire to try again and find a strategy that will work.I highly recommend this game to anyone looking for a fantastic strategy game that will have you playing for hours on end.10/10Mr.J"
76561198048692864,Recommended,212680,9720412,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Fox Fire,Amazing game. Buy it yesterday.
76561198041942306,Recommended,212680,9717634,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,DJ Algae,"It's so damn hard, and that's part of the fun. Like Dark Souls with guns!"
,Recommended,212680,11068824,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,✪ SuperMrCart,"This game is amazing, you start out with a crew and grow an attachment with them. You travel around a somewhat linear path to the end of the galaxy where you then fight the Rebel Flagship."
,Recommended,212680,4534794,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Spoons,"Oregon Trail had sweet, sexy space love with Star Trek. And thus FTL was born."
,Recommended,212680,8434650,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,NiKoganson,"It isn't that fast, but you can't pause in real life 10/10 Giant alien spiders are your friends"
,Recommended,212680,11579900,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Doug Dimmadome,One of the best rougelikes I've ever played. This game is very addicting and has an excellent soundtrack. The gameplay is fun as well as all of the different scenarios that you can get yourself and your crew into.
76561198037978742,Recommended,212680,10537421,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Echo,Played for an hour died lost everything 10/10
,Recommended,212680,24014211,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mdlkxzmcp,"Best implementation of various ideas I've seen in a long time - most things are randomly generated, but in a way that you'll always have fun starting over, because you will, this game is hard, but also super fun! You can name the characters so you get really attached and add them some story yourself, sometimes you find crew members stranded somewhere, sometimes you'll all alone, just you and your slowly falling apart ship going forward, since that's the only place you hope you'll find peace...From production side there is nothing left to add, nothing to fix, so ++ for that, music is really fitting and really well thought out, again, ++, gameplay is super good, there are multiple goals to achieve, unlockables that change the playthrough drastically, so again, ++. For what it is you propably won't find a better version of the idea like propably ever, since it's perfect! So overall I give this game a really solid9/10, although you could count is as a10for what it is!!!Really, just buy it since you even decided to read some reviews for it! (oh and it's even fun when you play it with someone else, although there is no actual coop)"
,Recommended,212680,20333059,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Achyoota,Graphics: 1/10Playability: 20/10So many tactics to explore + So many ships to unlock = many hours of gameplay.I hope they do a more immersive sequel. The gameplay is so fun. I can't stop!
,Recommended,212680,16957844,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Nobby's Gun,This game is harder than my Johnson when I watch porn.10/10 will watch porn again.
76561198044735557,Recommended,212680,9196013,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,DrTomT18,"One wrong click.One twich of the hand done at the wrong time.One bad encounter.Thats all it takes, and you're dead. Your whole crew is dead. Your ship is in flames and you are restarting for the tenth time.10/10"
76561198051550257,Recommended,212680,8264120,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Hubris,The best firefighting game you'll ever play... probabaly
,Recommended,212680,9757515,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,H A Z 3 L,"I really recomened this game. If you love strategy, space or just enjoy any game in general, this is the game for you!"
76561198061471776,Recommended,212680,8546223,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mr. Waffle,"Really hard, even on ""Easy"" difficulty. HOWEVER, it's ever so rewarding. I love this game and you should too. It is likely you'll rage frequently, but the game's addictive gameplay and all the in-game hazards make you want to test your wits and luck against it. Buy this and then play the hell out of it."
,Recommended,212680,8675537,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Fifi D.,"Fun gameplay, great soundtrack. A roguelike set in spaaaace."
,Recommended,212680,8359721,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Rowwe R,"If you are looking for a game that makes you think on your feet, this one should be in you library. Guarantee you will struggle to complete on easy mode. Fun and challenging game to play anytime of day.Sound track - GreatGraphics - Good old school top down approachFun level - AwesomeAchievement level - Excellent"
76561198044550015,Recommended,212680,10957323,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,donovan.fontaine,Love the board game feeling of this game. Reminds me of Omega virus.
76561198072657685,Recommended,212680,10614208,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Zekereketeke,"incredibly addictive and challenging, lots of content, my only complain would be that luck has a great weight in each game but the new free dlc solves some of this. would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,212680,6119680,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Recep Tayyip Erdoğan ★,Damn' Cool...
,Recommended,212680,16967785,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,M-Rag,Fun
,Recommended,212680,4000066,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Matt,Fantastic.
76561198002968977,Recommended,212680,2143880,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Ravenor,"Words cannot describe how much I love this game, I love all the different types of ships, the crewmembers, having to make those last second decisions that sacrifice someone so the rest of the ship can live. I love that they released a massive add on for free, talk about a great company and a great game, you NEED to play this!"
,Recommended,212680,8594501,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,ImagineVenus5,I..I don't know what to saythe way this game playsthe way it's hardcore multitaskingthe achievementsthe soundtrackand it's just a basic game!!!The developers are so ♥♥♥♥ing intellegent
,Recommended,212680,2015923,"Posted: 30 September, 2012",all,{N} Olse,"""Get Jerry on the shields! Yes, I know he can't operate them with his mandibles, but dammit, our robot's dead and we need all the protection we can get! Now vent that goddamn fire out and get in Weapons, we have a hull leak!♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't care that you're feeling bad, we have to stay on our toes against the Rebel Flagship before they blow-""~One of the very many possible outcomes of this game. I like it, but it's virtually unwinnable unless luck or smarts help you out. And I seem to have neither. :P"
,Recommended,212680,9492489,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Biff Hardjaw,"Have you ever wanted to know the feeling of commanding your own starship? Boldly going where no man has gone before?FTL: Faster Than Light is an excellent way to do just that. You are the captain of a starship and crew, exploring space while fleeing the ever pursuant rebel fleet. The challenges you face include combat with enemy ships, randomly generated quests, and a variety of scenarios where you must make a choice based on your current situation rather than the obvious ""good"" or ""bad"" choice.EXAMPLE: You're almost out of fuel as you make the jump to the next beacon on your map toward the exit. You encounter a pirate fighter ship attacking an already damaged ship. The ship is of the same race as two of your loyal crew members and clearly needs help or else will be destroyed. The pirate ship offers you a portion of the fuel stores they'll get from the helpless ship as compensation for standing back. Do you take the fuel bribe, needing it desperately to get to the exit beacon? Or do you intervene and fight the pirates, risking your own ship and precious resources with no assurance of a reward for winning the fight?I know, I feel it too.This game has had me shouting commands like ""All power to weapons, I need halberds online now!"" and ""Ok, you get shields back up, and you put out that fire in med bay. Open the airlocks in engineering, suffocate that boarding party!"" at my screen as I explored the universe and destroyed other ships for loot.I can't wait to sink my teeth into the future of FTL: Faster Than Light.Buy it now. Buy it so much. You'll get hours upon hours of fun and then some!"
76561198129776974,Recommended,212680,11207147,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,jjdynamite2,THIS GAME IS:10% luck20% SKILL15% CONCENTRATED POWER OF WILL5% PLEASURE50% PAINAND 100% REASON TO PURCHASE THE GAME.
,Recommended,212680,30430350,Posted: 10 March,all,vakapad777,FTL is good. Buy it.
,Recommended,212680,8181737,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Atalus,"It doesn't have the great graphics, an over arching story, or very complex mechanics.  However, it does have some funny bits and is an honest challange.  It's not something that will waste your time, but it is something you can spend as much time as you want on and not feel cheated.It's an all arround good game."
,Recommended,212680,13483918,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,A Blunt Stick,"Excellent game. Very adictive. Don't listen to anyone complaining abaout this game, they do be playing it wrong."
,Recommended,212680,11147684,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Stoli,It's kind of like dust II but different
,Recommended,212680,8268149,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Shanksaw,"Addicting and fun, FTL is a space-station Rogue-like, where either you get amazing luck or you die miserably. The game is tough, no doubt about that, but it isn't impossible. Choosing from an assortmant of different ships with different perks and qualities, you have to take your band of merry men and women and aliens to the end of the universe. The racial qualities are more or less notable, and bring up different scenarios in game. Overall its a pretty unique take on the Rogue-like formula, and one that does it well. I would suggest you play it if it sounds even at all interesting, because I wasn't expecting to have as much fun when I bought it."
,Recommended,212680,9718408,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Applecrow,"Dont bother reading this review, just buy FTL now.NOW!!!!!"
76561198028113055,Recommended,212680,14061263,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,eld-viper,"Typically I don't go out of my way to review games....because I'm too busy playing them.....but this game deserves reviews, even from total gaming junkies with no time for such things :D  In a nutshell, the game's awesome.  The game keeps you coming back for more - great soundtrack tickles your ears - blowing up ship after ship just doesn't seem to get old lol.  I can't explain it, but there's the perfect amount of variety, randomness, and unlocks to keep things interesting.  There are a tremendous amount of strategies to explore and employ - strategy fans and sci fans alike will eat this up.  Honestly, I just want to play it right now, so this review is done.  Two words.  Get it. =)"
,Recommended,212680,4436848,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Hodor the Wise,"Gives ""Just One More Level"" syndrome every time.Addictive.Hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥One of the best indies.Must have."
76561197986397211,Recommended,212680,1089139,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,HekaDooM,"Things were smooth, ship was sick, weapons were slick, then pow, incursion of aliens wrecking up the place, teleporting ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, and WHY THE ♥♥♥♥ IS THE DOOR CONTROL ON FIRE, my guy burns to death attempting to fix it while oxygen levels are falling fast, NOW I CANT OPEN THE DOORS TO PUT THE FIRE OUT ARRGH AIOPDOPIAJDIOPJAIOPJDAJI /shipPlay it."
,Recommended,212680,30410224,Posted: 9 March,all,Sven++,"An addicting roguelike Space Management game, wherein you must make the grueling journey through different varied sectors, battling the RNG mechanics. Hard difficulty, but satisfying to beat with strategy.One of the best singleplayer indie games on steam."
,Recommended,212680,10918677,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mah'fk,"I've sunk a ton of time playing this game for the survival management in the face of constant pressure aspect. It makes finally getting to the end supremely satisfying. In 113 runs in this game, I've only gotten to the end once, but that's what makes the game so much fun. It's about overcoming odds stacked against you and coming out almost dead but victorious. (Also I dig calling out ""Divert power to the shields!"" n such)"
76561198000506387,Recommended,212680,1977071,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,Scythes,"A pretty great space-politics/exploration game. It stays close to the essence of sci-fi shows like Star Trek. There's plenty of room for strategy and customization. I recommend this to anyone who likes rogue-likes with perma-death or always wanted to be the captain of a space vessel. My only displeasures come from the odd ""1280x720 resolution minimum"" and lack of scenarios (You start to notice dialogue repetition between playthroughs.) A great game nonetheless."
,Recommended,212680,9747917,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,veggiesama,"Fantastic game made better by the Advanced Edition free expansion. Few other games match its depth while maintaining an extremely accessible UI. No twitch skill necessary--the pause feature lets you rearrange your power expenditures, queue up unit actions, and target weapons. Even losing can be catastrophically fun. Buy it."
,Recommended,212680,9718214,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Mariah Wolves,I've giv'n her all she's got captain.
,Recommended,212680,198869,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,BFT9000,Fun game.
76561197979947474,Recommended,212680,16771630,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,db^,"So Frustrating, yet i keep coming back for a quick run."
,Recommended,212680,10826493,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Astraton,"Even though the game mechanics are kind of simple, it's still a very good and challenging game.Better than many other shiny-graphic games...and much cheaper."
,Recommended,212680,8960155,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Hat,how do i use the holodeck?
,Recommended,212680,8134280,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Torment,Great game 9/10!
76561197981703651,Recommended,212680,7586222,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,LeFrench,One of the most fun sci-fi star-trek type exploration arcade games to date. Nice difficulty too with a steep learning curve. So it will challenge you and you will have hours and hours of fun being a captain of your own starship :)...and don't worry eventually you will own in combat. It just takes time to understand all the weapons and gear.
76561198012869261,Recommended,212680,2804354,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Heathbringer,"You pump your fists in victory, you will cry when your ship rips apart, you will more than likely be eaten by giant space spiders on your first playthrough. However this roguelike game is plenty fun, and is definitely worth grabbing."
,Recommended,212680,16511871,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,K-kok,"Name your crew.When you have to order ""Boner Sandwich"" to repair the hull breach in life support, knowing full well he will not be coming back, it becomes personal.Then when you set the Mantis med bay on fire, and watch with with cold indifference as they desperately try to put out the advancing flames...  You know justice is being served."
76561198091491830,Recommended,212680,9046323,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,iSLANDER,"Didn't think much of this game when I first seen it but a few friends and a lot of reviews online rated it highly so I thought I'd give it a go. I have to say that after trying this game, this was one of the most enjoyable gaming experiences I've ever had. I could write a long review why this is so enjoyable but really for £6.99 there's countless hours of fun. So go ahead try it, very few will be disappointed"
,Recommended,212680,10922817,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,LordRoyalMan,"FTL is one of the best strategy games on the steam market! Pick from multiple different ships, armed with different weapons, abilities, and crew members, 7 different races, each with their own abilities, teleporters, cloaking, space flight, this game has the works and is deffinitly worth the money!"
76561198060227446,Recommended,212680,6158047,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Bellera,"Brilliant game! It will absolutely hook you for hours with its fast, decision heavy gameplay, and the retro graphics give it a special charm."
76561198029360037,Recommended,212680,10760680,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Myrk,"Nice game, too bad the whole progress you make is lost once you die (I'd prefer a Rogule Legacy-like system of upgrades)."
76561198032231384,Recommended,212680,17059775,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Scissors,"FTL is a great rougelite game. It's got a wonderful variety of ships that take a lot of time to unlock, along with simple and charming graphics that are easy on they eye and the computer. It's also got the fun addicting gameplay that eases the player into the deepar parts of the game's difficulty. Finally the world is especially creative and interesting in it's races and events.Many people complain about the RNG, but skill and game knowledge trump it usually. Overall, it's the large knowledge base you have to learn to be successful that people don't get and drive them away.If you want to be a captain of a variety starships and actually want a game with strong ""gameplay"", then this is it.Also the Advanced Edition content means the dev's really cared about the game and not just the money.9.5/10"
,Recommended,212680,16487698,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,guildnavigator,"I like this game. I'm a dad. I like that I can pick my kid up, put him on my knee, and we can explore the universe together. No content worries. A working pause button. And an unpredictable universe. So when my kid wants to go do something else, we can save and pick up where we left off later.So, on top of all the other great stuff going for this game, it fits my lifestyle very well."
,Recommended,212680,14640560,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,Spaghetti,i can't stop because i am the best space captain
,Recommended,212680,9733979,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Aero,"This is an amazing game, it's hard to put into words to describe it.If you like harder strategy games this is the perfect game for you."
,Recommended,212680,8434513,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,minotaur2k12,Somehow FTL feels like an old-school game. Very simple graphics but addictive and very engaging gameplay with a pretty steep difficulty. I definitely recommend this one!
76561198219114141,Recommended,212680,30450958,Posted: 11 March,all,DisbarredCone38,"Very stressful when you are very damaged (like 1 hull), and the next beacon is an enemy. but a well thought out fun game"
76561198042600743,Recommended,212680,4862011,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,FFavatar,"Helmsman: Shall I fly to sector 2 captain?Captain: Make it so.........Captain: Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥....__________________________________________________________________That pretty much sums up this awesome game. You are the Captain of your space ship of choice. You make the decisions of where to go, who to save, and how merciless you want to be. This game is often quite unforgiving, and you have to balance exploration and survival as you are always one click away from death. Death is permanent but usually ends in an epic blaze of glory and totally worth the trouble. Replay value is huge in this game as each time you progress a little further you can unlock new ships, ship layouts, and achievements that make your next sojourne to the frontiers of space a little easier...in theory at least lol."
,Recommended,212680,11187549,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,deathdogdinosaur,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a masterpiece. I love it, everybody else loves it, and so should you. i cannot recommend this game enough. If you like sci-fi, rogue likes or both, then you'll love FTL"
,Recommended,212680,10770774,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Viceroy,GREAT GAME! but it would be alot better if it had some co-op multiplayer or like muliplayer in general. like in co-op 1 person can take control of the captain and 1 person controls guns or repair everything
,Recommended,212680,9713936,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,slayernine,"Its got space, green dudes and a pause button.  It can be pretty tough but is genuinely fun to play over and over and over again."
76561197964876200,Recommended,212680,195356,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,Cold Prophecy,"This is a shining example of an indie developer with a great idea and solid execution.  The production value is what you expect from an indie developer as far as visuals go but the amount of actual gameplay options and customizability in both design and function of your crew and equipment are matched by few.Sprinkle in some RPG elements with random encounters and ""quest"" type events that can spawn multiple little missions along the  way and you have one solid time sink that you won't regret playing.This game and Subset Games themselves have earned a spot on my radar."
,Recommended,212680,22801441,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Lmod,80 hours in... yet to beat it once... yet to get tired of it!
,Recommended,212680,10496744,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,PersianLoveBomb,"Can't stop, won't stop. You've beat the game? Congratulations. Do it again. With a new ship. And again, with another new ship. And again, with a new configuration of that same ship. And we've added a bunch of content so that your addiction is fresh and exciting.Can't stop. Won't stop."
76561198073198555,Recommended,212680,8990460,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Laninus_Cruiser,"it's relatively easy to play after a few games, but  auctaully beating it is  another thing entirley this game makes easy mode seem like hard mode and normal mode............. you don't want to even get close to that without a lot of experience. No two playthroughs are alike and it's very very very very very super mega ultra replayable"
,Recommended,212680,3776972,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,Dodger,"This game is unforgiving, but so worth the fight. 9/10"
76561198056483896,Recommended,212680,15326357,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,S0v13t RuS31a (Jet),How to play this game :Step 1: Choose a shipStep 2: Fly to each area wondering whats gonna happenStep 3: Fly into an asteroid feild while being destroyed by a pirateStep 4: Use every stragety you know while slamming the keyboard to wait for weapons to rechargeStep 5: Kill pirate and extinguish fires and repair shipStep 6: Go to a store and buy everything you canStep 7: Head to the next beacon to find a GODAMM NEBULA SECTOR ONLY ONE FOR YOU!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!Step 8: Cry yourself to sleep while your at the last sector getting destroyed while in a nebula with A F*CKING THUNDERSTORM AND @%#*(&@)*%&#@)(*#@%&)#@ SLUGS DESTROYING YOUR SHIPStep 9: Cry until you dieStep 10: Replay everything hoping you dont come across another nebula and kill the FlagshipI Rate game 3268752983258275632958732653298753263243958742/1Ign approves of this wonderful masterpiece
,Recommended,212680,22887310,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,War Boy,I recommend this game.
76561198080293615,Recommended,212680,8564403,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Explodingcube,"Fun, Addicting, and pretty much changes each playthrough."
,Recommended,212680,8322202,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mugen,"Punishing yet addictive, strategic yet random, FTL is a great mix of fun and frustration that keeps you coming back for more whether you like it or not"
,Recommended,212680,9873476,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Noro,"A genuinely excellent rogue-like, a must play for anyone."
,Recommended,212680,8161765,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Leaks,"This game is a complete ship management game with a large amount of risk management. The combat can be tailored to any part and is extremely fun. If you enjoy rogue likes, this game is for you. If you don't know what a rogue like is to bad."
76561197966365173,Recommended,212680,8277880,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Minotaur,"Hear me singing prases about this game...This game is relatively simple to understand and yet very complex to play and win, due to it's rogue-like nature...But it's the kind of game that makes you 'try one more time'...And the joy of unlocking and trying new ships...Probably the best mechanic for a ship manned by an active crew, that can do anything and go anywhere, but get experience (and get better at) when you focus them at one task (Weaponry, Piloting, Engineering, etc...) as much as possible...Future StarTrek ship & crew game creator, play this and take notes!..."
,Recommended,212680,10579129,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Scroatoan,This is a great roguelike space game.
76561198024140721,Recommended,212680,22892340,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Microwave,"Amazing game, simple but strategic enough to have you coming back. Highly reccomended."
,Recommended,212680,7536642,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,Zoombie,Its like a Star Trek episode generator!
,Recommended,212680,27150879,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Matt,"Great game, easy to learn, nearly impossible to master."
,Recommended,212680,1839315,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,crabislav,"One of the best and the most detailed indie games I've ever played. You have to keep in mind tons of aspects just to keep your ship in a working condition and being able to proceed to further stages. Various locations can contain different events: from ships seeking for help and stores to hostile ships and anomalies. This game forces you to make choices all the time and each one affects the gameplay in different ways. Sometimes you get an additional crew member from an abandoned ship, or get trapped after trying to chase the enemy that tried to run away from the battle. All I have to say is that it takes a lot of coordination and strategy and it's one of the most difficult games to beat, at least for me. I've never been a fan of games like this but FTL is something special and it's definitely a breath of fresh in my opinion.This is a really versatile game and you'll love it."
,Recommended,212680,16224534,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,NOYEMI.M2,"A thrilling game fraught with dangerous tactical puzzles and a long-term strategic playground, that goes by quickly. Manage your ship systems and crew and supplies for the long haul while scurrying to man your lasers in each encounter—over time you'll be powering down your medbay to reroute power to bomb teleporters or send boarding parties to fight the Flagship! Amazing game, good fun, 9/10 every single time."
,Recommended,212680,9845718,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,nacon,"I've put a lot of hours into FTL: the proceduarally generated universe makes every game a new challenge. It feels like you're playing the crew of the Firefly, trying to make it back to your homeworld.The gameplay takes place in two places. On the strategic map, you'll be confronted with scripted events and pathfinding choices as you try to outrun the Rebel fleet that seeks to destroy you. On the battle screen, you must manage your ship in combat as you face off against Rebel drones, pirates, slavers, or worse, in varied combat conditions.The combat forms the meat of the game; you have to micromanage your ship's shields, engines, weapons, and crew as you face off against various foes. It's riveting and unforgiving. I recommend this game if you're up for a challenge!"
,Recommended,212680,9787933,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Lead3r,"Fantastic game, if you havent played it.... you are missing out!"
,Recommended,212680,10719885,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Delgado,I thoroughly recommend this to any masochist who also likes space.
,Recommended,212680,7972595,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Fön,Best game for one hour at a time.
76561198075850067,Recommended,212680,11564106,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,CoCo,I Love This Game
,Recommended,212680,9791686,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,dewz,is good
,Recommended,212680,11647635,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Killerwitha308,"I picked this up on sale for less than $4.  I had had it in my wishlist for awhile.  The graphics are simple, but the game is very well thought out and challenging.  I started playing it on ""Normal"" but wasn't able to make it to sector 8 in the first 15 games or so.  Then I started playing on ""Easy"", which isn't really all that much easier.  After 35 hours of play, I have finally defeated the mothership at the end.  I had made it to sector 8 only 3 other times and was summarily defeated.  It's a challenging strategy game that will keep drawing you back over and over."
,Recommended,212680,1323690,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,An_Onion,"This is an ingenious little game that I picked up on a whim when it was on sale. It has become, and not only in my opinion, one of the greatest games released in 2012. Seriously, it's a TON of fun."
76561198007165194,Recommended,212680,11485741,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,Very worth the $4 i got it for on sale. Be prepared to scumsave if you're a casual gamer that sucks like me XD
,Recommended,212680,11573278,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Tidus,Love it !!
,Recommended,212680,30482038,Posted: 12 March,all,Cade614,"I love this game, Truely an original and a classic"
,Recommended,212680,11528924,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Tarzan,"Great fun, just wish you could save a game.  Almost beat it on my third game but now I can't get as lucky as I was in that game.Just found out how!http://ftlwiki.com/wiki/Cheats#Save-ScummingIt is like a brand new game now!"
76561198044279988,Recommended,212680,11796887,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Alexis,"Brilliant game, i have become addicted"
,Recommended,212680,1482165,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Hodor,"Its ""The Oregon Trail"" in space. You should totally buy this right now."
76561197970549683,Recommended,212680,10740719,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Nails,"One of the coolest strategy games I've played.  Moments of fast paced decision making during the battles (although you can pause to issue orders if you want...but even then you might be too late!), mixed with agonizing (yet fun) drawn-out choices on occassion, especially concerning which weapons to keep and upgrade.  Very tough game also.  Took me something like 4 or 5 boss-attempts before I finished the game for the first time.  And getting to the boss once could take 6 or 7 playthrough attempts (even once you are very familiar with the game).  And each playthrough attempt could last easily more than an hour.  And then once you beat the game for the first time...you unlock a new ship.  And there are a BUNCH of ships available, but I sure as hell don't have access to them yet.  That's my kind of game!"
,Recommended,212680,7299051,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,rex,Really cool and really hard. Managing starships is a tough job.You'll figure out if you actually enjoy rogue-like games after a few times through this.
,Recommended,212680,10880281,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,robt733,Highly recommend this game.The sound track is amazingThe gameplay is easy and addictiveI have played for 60 hours and i still haven't unlocked all the ships and i still want to keep tryingOne of the best games i have on my steam account10/10
,Recommended,212680,9696237,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Occupational Hazzard,one of the 1st games i bought on here. and i love it! great for wasting a little time.
,Recommended,212680,11010128,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Skibidee,Enfuriatingly brilliant! Love the fact that this game doesn't take any prisoners and actually seems difficult at times :D
,Recommended,212680,10980562,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Salty Giants Fan,"Lost my weapons man to a nebula, my pilot to a mantis and everyone else to solar flares.But I got a shiny new ship so i got that going for me and that's nice."
76561198063275259,Recommended,212680,8847525,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Winnie the Poon slayer,"Amazing arcade based top down space simulater game, BUYYYYYY IT!"
76561198069407417,Recommended,212680,10106728,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Bengletiger,"Hilariously frustrating.  Great game if you only have about an hour at a time to play, you can usually finish a round on easy in that amount of time."
76561198110963249,Recommended,212680,11011473,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,phildebernardi,A great space ship stratagy game that is far from easy. That is FTL in a nut shell. But anyway the difficulties are :easy very hard you are going to die: normal very hard you are going to die but even sooner :hard don't even try it. Even though the game is extremely hard i definitly recomend it and if you don't trust me check the other reviews
,Recommended,212680,9797182,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jacob Nimble,"A great game, lot's of content and always a different story, a little hard to play if you hard focus on getting all the ships, but really fun when you just play to win."
76561198008490149,Recommended,212680,9347144,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,cutthroat awesome,This is the greatest game in the entire freakin world! If you do not own this game... OWN IT!
,Recommended,212680,8418061,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,cannonInspector,"Roguelike space♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥where everyone dies, including your favourite character.Developers found touching ways to cause players to become attached to the crewmembers of each ship.I'd buy it again if they made a sequel."
76561197987714459,Recommended,212680,11051792,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Feeble,"One of the more infuriatingly great games out there, FTL is a masterpiece of RTS. On easy mode I have managed to complete it once and have never come close to doing so again. But I can't seem to leave it alone for too long. As you jump through space you encounter enemies and hindrances on your mission to save the allied fleet. As you go, you pick up more crew, and can upgrade your ship to suit your needs. Of course, your needs change from play through to play through, so its difficult to really lock down what is actually useful for survival, which helps give the game a lot of replay value. My only slight complaint about it is where is radically ramps up in difficulty at around the half way point towards the end boss, and it feels like all your upgrades were for nothing. However it wouldn't be much of a challenge if it didn't. A very good game that I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,212680,9833857,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Oddo,Nothing better than taking out the Life Support and watching everyone die.
76561197962881838,Recommended,212680,8470245,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,LOVE & PEACE,"This game is a must-play. The gospel of FTL must be brought to the corners of this cosmos.I've seldom run into a game that I can both extensively and repeatedly play, but I find myself playing FTL in-depth and often. With a simple story that almost inherently  stokes interest, a game mechanic that is quick to learn and nigh-impossible to master, and the challenge of survival and glory despite terrible odds, this game does what few Roguelikes can--it makes each run meaningful and exciting."
76561198026492432,Recommended,212680,9754931,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Skydancer,"Seriously, you need this game. It's cheap, and JUST got updated with a free update that adds quite a lot of replayability. It's crazy. Support these guys!"
,Recommended,212680,11270292,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,AlexTheLion,"This game was godsend... I was without solid internet for a week and I played this game for about 24 hours and absolutely loved it addictiing gameplay simple yet wildly comple. Brutal and unfair. My kind of game, remined me a bit of the old oregon trail games, you always know where you are going but it never gets old! Do yourself a favor and pick this game up on a sale or heck do it now, its only $10... 10/24 = 0.416 which is 40 cents per hour of gameplay and I havent even beaten it on normal!"
76561198089779389,Recommended,212680,11054730,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Xarodus,"Say goodbye to your social life and embrace the masterpiece that is FTL!But wait, what is FTL? In basic terms, FTL (Faster Than Light) is an amalgamation of atmospheric music, engrossing gameplay, entertaining graphics and immense replay value. All of these aspects combine to form a very pleasurable gaming experience that is VERY hard to put down once you've started. Once you finally manage to tear yourself away, you won't be away for long.In FTL, you are to assume command of a space cruiser. As a member of the Federation, you are to navigate various star systems and make your way to the Federation base. There will be battles along the way though, so don't think it'll be easy. While exploring these star systems, weapons and upgrades can be acquired that can help in battle situations. But let's not forget that FTL is a rougelike, so no two playthroughs will be the same. This adds a great deal to the enjoyment and replay value of FTL.That's a brief review of FTL. I hope I haven't ruined it by trying to be concise and avoiding spoilers. So, what's my final verdict? 100%, 5 stars, 10 out of 10, totally unmissable, dangerously addictive and absolutely out of this world."
,Recommended,212680,11005695,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,laurajosefien,"High replayability factor (especially if you're a completionist like me). Since events and outcomes are random, every game can be different even if you keep playing with the same ship (or if you have to, since you suck too much to actually win the game)."
76561198141637430,Recommended,212680,11230543,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Zombatar,Amazing. In the first 2 weeks I have already got 30+ hours gametime. With fun achievements and 8 different ships to unlock (each with 3 unique layouts) FTL can keep you busy for a long long time. You just need to remember not to get too angry when you die :)
76561198116398285,Recommended,212680,10180550,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,adam.who247,Simple graphics but insanely fun!
76561198052309066,Recommended,212680,11175291,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,0horngyih0,"It's frustratingly fun. Frustrating when the odds pile up against you, and the universe seems to conspire to blow out your airlock or throw micro-meteors at you or punishing your for most of the 'good deed' choices you make or throwing you into a massive supergiant sun that burns your crew or jump into a ionic, energy sapping nebula crowd.....But sill, you'd throw up your hands, tear at your hair, slams a fist ( or two ).... then hit the ""Restart"" button.WARNING: Time pass faster that your realize while you are directing your crew to extinguish fires, repel intruders, man weapons station, repair critical systems in the heat of battle...."
,Recommended,212680,10974022,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Hunter559,"A brilliant little game, which entices the player to make somewhat difficult decisions. It may reward you, or destroy you. Nonetheless, FTL is very addictive, a good challenge, and really fun to play. I definitely recommend this game!"
76561198067081666,Recommended,212680,8967306,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Sonne,Great game for all types of people. Will probably buy it for family XD
76561197972346572,Recommended,212680,11188665,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,kennewville,"Remarkably addictive, fiendishly difficult, wonderfully random.  FTL is a must play for any strategy fans looking for a quick fix."
,Recommended,212680,1243296,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Bob from Human Resources,"By far one of the greatest games I have ever played. Overall grudingly unforgiving, FTL requires a combination of luck and strategy for a miniscule chance at victory; I beat the game on my 52nd try."
76561198045417486,Recommended,212680,10932906,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,slayergoober,Amazing game! Was a bit skeptical going into this game yet friends constantly kept uptalking this game. Gave it a shot and i'm not dissapointed at all! Simplicity at its finest.
76561198121326142,Recommended,212680,10932725,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Sirion Sonne,eine wundervolle Hassliebe....mehr gibts nicht zu sagen ;)
76561198048026571,Recommended,212680,11231455,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,ChainsawBear,Great replayability it makes you want to unlock every ship
76561198031368355,Recommended,212680,10186231,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Remtoto,When I die I would like anyone on my friends list to kill my wife and send my child to play this game. This game teaches you many life skills that will definitly help you become a better person regardless of how bad or great a person you are currently. I have learnt that many things won't go the ways you intend it to in life and that is usually due to poor planning and stupid decision making. I would now like to make this game my childen's godfather. 4.8/5 stars ( the only issue is that this game is too realistic and it shows the harshness of life way too clear for children 21 years and under)
,Recommended,212680,10937092,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,andreasxp,"1. Dynamic background2. Endless mode3. Multiplayer4. (PLEASE) proper save option, you know what I meanThat's all this game needsBut it is still awesome :D"
76561197998501893,Recommended,212680,11050946,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ScreamsLegit,"Whenever I watch anything sci-fi, I find myself craving this game afterwards. A lot of people have said this, but it really does give you that feeling of command which you're usually watching passively on TV. I put just enough time into each session to get invested, and then motivated to start over again once I totally fail. I really love how this game is designed. Anyone looking for a fun challenge should give this game a try. It's one of the few games that I don't always play to win, I mostly just play because clawing my way across space being horribly out gunned is somehow really fun."
,Recommended,212680,11108696,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,TheArtist93,Challenging and forever new in it's missions!
76561198092324716,Recommended,212680,11085765,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,CaptainTineil,Awesome game!
76561198018749353,Recommended,212680,18299193,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Foot Pussy,"Do not expect to surive the first sector.Do not name your crew after your friends inless you want to see them die.Do not think you're a man and can play it the first time on normal.Do not think this game isn't worth buying, every penny well spent."
,Recommended,212680,12317193,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Mad Larkin,"A super solid game. Very fun, lots of replayability. Very tough though, haven't beaten it yet.9/10"
,Recommended,212680,7525186,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,ALargeFallingAnvil,"Great fun, but brutal as any roguelike i've ever seen!"
,Recommended,212680,16179237,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Aro2220,"No doubt one of the best indie games I've played. I just wish I could work for the developers because I feel like this game is really missing it's potential.For one, it would fit in perfectly with a much bigger more sandboxy universe instead of the rogue like short-gameplays. It's seriously fun just fighting stuff and roaming around...I just hate the linear gameplay. It's fun for 'story mode', I suppose...of course it is brutally difficult to win at any difficulty level (especially the last fight).The update came out with a lot more stuff, which is great...but it was basically just more of the same.It's a very fun and strategic game. And although I have to point out again and again that this game falls short on it's potential -- that is actually a good thing. Something has to be very good for you to be upset that there's not more of it!"
76561198079393456,Recommended,212680,10484268,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Sosig,I like this game.                                                                            7
,Recommended,212680,10376126,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Blood Arnie,"In space no one can you hear scream. And no one can hear you say ""CHEESE!"" And no one can tell for sure why your vessel suddenly turned into a pile of of burned debris and space dust. But it's probably your fault. All your fault. Probably."
76561198083909167,Recommended,212680,20044145,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Robbiezy,I liked this game when it came out but I still never found the crystal ship.
,Recommended,212680,27986771,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,P3K,"Brilliant game, different everytime, like being in a relationship with a HAL 9000 - Everything starts off fine and then all the oxygen gets removed from the room so we all die"
76561198010023092,Recommended,212680,15575275,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,D-Dave1942,"Superb RTS! One of the best games I've played and also one of the most difficult. You can spend hours bulidng up a good crew and a formidable weapons system but there's always someone who can kick your♥♥♥♥♥ If I had to put a word to this game it would be endurance; not of your ship, but of the one who commands it. This game knows how to get under my skin but it's hard to say that I don't enjoy it. It's simplistic, yet verbose. The rewards are plentiful but the losses are great. I have yet to find a tactic that is the most effective which really plays into building around your preferences as opposed to more linear games where your playstyle is predetermined. I want to stop playing because this game infuriates me but I can't put it down."
76561198086050601,Recommended,212680,7686791,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,CreeperKiller1271,This game is fun!!!
,Recommended,212680,1295026,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,>f7> angrysquare,"""Rogue"" game set in space where you must manage your ship's systems and sub-systems while fending off both internal and external threats.  FTL offers a variety of ships, each with their own upgrade tiers, to aid in your space journey.  When you die, it's Game Over, so pick a new craft and try again.  The only thing I dislike about this game is the end-game ""boss"" spacecraft that you must face after 8 stages - in my opinion, having an ""endless"" mode, where you play until you ultimately perish, would greatly increase replayability.  FTL is also highly extensible  for user-created content; you can download and install things such as HD space backgrounds, hundreds of new random-encounter scenarios, and even spaceships from popular science fiction works, such as Battlestar Galactica.  My cat just puked watery vomit all over my window, this game is so awesome, now I need to clean up this mess."
,Recommended,212680,2278938,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,herolyte,"A fantastic, space-based strategy game that constantly demands you to be adaptive, wise in your decisions, and know the importance of balance. It's a must buy for space lovers everywhere!"
,Recommended,212680,10711826,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cyberjeff,"Your ship's hull is melting from a barrage of missiles. The med bay is on fire. Giant praying mantis aliens are slaughtering your engineers and weapons specialist. In a few moments they'll stick their hand-scythes in your pilot's eye and you'll never make another FTL jump again. Your only option is to lock the blast doors, vent oxygen, and suffocate the hostiles along with your crew.You make the jump and die immediately in an astroid field. 10/10"
76561198059617030,Recommended,212680,9324205,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,GaryJSailor,Lets fly that way...what could possibly go wrong?11/10 would play again!
,Recommended,212680,27039782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Peregrine,"I mean... It's FTL.This is a game which has spawned a genre unto its own.As some games will forever be categorized as ""Rogue-like,"" a new breed are already being labeled as ""FTL-like.""A challenging experience with nearly unmatched replayablity. If you don't already have it, you're missing out."
,Recommended,212680,597352,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,Sinner666,"I not gonna lie. for ten bucks i thought it was gonna be ""ok"". boy was i wrong..hours...hours.........HOURS later i was still playing. Making life or death choices this game has you hooked. I like the fact that you can customise your crew names so when some dies its kinda san yet funny. get it. youll love it."
,Recommended,212680,9743872,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Srsly Kittens,♥♥♥♥♥is so cash homie.
,Recommended,212680,174848,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,jholman,"I'm really glad I bought this beautiful little science-fiction-themed Roguelike.  It's a very clever novel non-boring interpretation of a mix of a few ""old boring"" genres."
,Recommended,212680,15547254,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,TheTurner,"FTL: Faster Than Light should more approprately be named FUR: ♥♥♥♥ You Repeatedly. This game is purely RNG, which isn't necessarily a bad thing, you just need to keep that fact in mind while playing; that even though you get to the last sector with full drone upgrades and shields....just ONE well placed missle can♥♥♥♥♥♥you to no end.....If you're alright with constantly restarting and building the greatest starship the universe has ever seen over and over and over, THEN JUMP ABOARD FTL![A decent play through can last maybe 10mins. It's a great casual game you can kill time in and then rage quit.]"
,Recommended,212680,5000846,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Hailz,"Why haven't you bought this game yet?!Extremely fun roguelike that's like Oregon Trail with more strategy and less Dysentery. Really addictive game, but be prepared to die a lot and lose hours of your life in the meantime. It's relentless, so don't be too proud to play on Easy!"
76561197989614124,Recommended,212680,10575038,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SpartacusBLB,quick to learn. hard to master
,Recommended,212680,10599477,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cepheid,"Great game. Good anytime, anywhere."
76561198018343937,Recommended,212680,10892237,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LaughingLewis,"I think it is a testiment to this game that no matter how much i play it there is barely any feeling of repetitiveness.It is just enouhg change every time you play to keep the interest,and this,in my opinion,is a very rare find"
76561198017590935,Recommended,212680,10565588,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,tepdeck,"Grand fun, a gmae that dares you to do better, and absolutely does not care if you don't.  Stare too long into the black, and it stares back at you!  For the price it can't be beat."
,Recommended,212680,9944138,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,SteveUK9799,♥♥♥♥ YES!
76561197997496088,Recommended,212680,10962266,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Gibmeister,"Amazing, deep game of strategy, using simple, to-the-point graphics.  Highly recommended.  Procedurally-created system is different every time, with many random encounters and battles.  GET IT NOW!"
,Recommended,212680,13887025,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Blanche Noir,"This game sucked me in extremely fast. I didn't buy it until a friend started playing it, and after watching him, I had to try it myself. The game has a very high replay value, but that might be due to the game's quite short playthrough.To start, the game is brutal and unforgiving. Making mistakes will quickly lead to a game over, and sometimes the RNG plays dirty by giving you time and time again the negative side of every random event. The enemies scale quickly, so you'll need to find a way to keep the pace. The first 10, maybe even 20 times you're going to lose. On easy.However, once you've got an understanding of how the game works, it's not as random and luck based as people make it out to be. Being tactical about your movements and not taking needless risks will take you consistently to the end of the game. Using resource management for your ship can save you tons of cash that you can use to upgrade other things or purchase more weapons at stores. Playing smart will almost always win, except for the very worst generated maps.No matter what type of gamer you are, I highly recommend this game. For $10, it's well worth the money."
76561198030645218,Recommended,212680,4009372,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,SarkON,Very engaging and addicting experience. Highly recommended for all those who embrace the challenge and old school style games.9/10 (-1 point for luck being a huge factor for otherwise excellent game).
,Recommended,212680,7870565,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Potato Plato,"Tons of fun, was recommened to me by a friend. I was skeptic of it at first but it turned out great."
,Recommended,212680,7347527,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,Cal,"Faster Than Light is a game that has grown on me fast.  One really gets the feel of commanding a Starship on a desperate mission across vast sectors of space.  The task is to relay sensitive information to the remaining Federation Command located eight sectors away before you are apprehended by the recently victorious Rebel Fleet.The majority of the dialogue is well written and at times compelling.  It's easy to become attached to the multi-species crew as they toil away repairing the oxygen system, sealing breaches, putting out fires, or simply manning their stations.  Management of system resources; engines, shields, weapons, teleporter, cloaking, etc; is key as you do not get control over what will be available during a particular playthrough.  Furthermore, one must plot their course knowing that The Rebel Fleet is ever advancing all the time and limiting flight options.The completion of game events in certain ways or finishing certain game tasks will unlock new ships for the player to use totaling nine.  Each ship also comes with a second layout featuring a different systems setup as well as a varied crew compliment.  A few of the ships are designed as a challenge for replayability.Adding futher to FTL's replay value are the ""blue"" options that sometimes appear during a game event.  These options are available when you have the proper system upgrades aboard the ship or have a crewmember of the proper species.  Many of the game's tasks are full of risk.  With foresight and a bit of luck the player can use these advantages to achieve a more favorable outcome from otherwise risky scenarios.As a rogue-like this game can be frustrating for many (think %10 win rate by design) but is equally rewarding as there are many surprises built within the events and  a secret placed within this great Indie title.Update -Advanced Edition breathes new life into FTL with the addition of a new sector type, species, weapons, systems, and new events throughout the beacons.  All ships have been given a new Type C layout.  The new species available, known as the Lanius, offer a unique challenge as well as their own playable ship.  Advanced Edition very much helps round out and complete the choose your own adventure style story arcs that appear with each playthrough."
76561198079208949,Recommended,212680,9670478,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,YoloMcSwaggins,This is a very fun game that i enjoy playing from time to time.
,Recommended,212680,830237,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,ThunderPeel2001,Curiously addictive. A fun little game you can pick and play for 15 mins.
,Recommended,212680,13852122,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bendingo 🌚,GG
,Recommended,212680,1502686,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,moo,pew pew kachooo
76561198021389510,Recommended,212680,8134245,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TheMadHakr,"Highly recommend this game to anyone. Once you look past the graphics, which aren't that bad and will run on almost anything, the game is both challenging and extremely fun. It has a ton of hidden content and it's replay value is remarkable. This game has been seen on Steam's sale list numerous times for a reason and I encourage anyone and everyone to give it a try! :D"
,Recommended,212680,701899,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,noddy,"Get this.  It is such a fun challenge.  Something about it is so captivating, and I cannot stop playing."
,Recommended,212680,8799735,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Ganrokh,"This game goes down as one of my favorite games of all time. It really does give the feeling of being a spaceship captain in the depths of space. There are a thousand options to make during your journey, and it makes every playthrough different and unique. You can also customize your ship to fit your playstyle. Like unleashing barrages of laser and missile fire? Enjoy shutting down their engines and letting your boarding crews clean up the enemy crew? Feel like commanding drones to cripple their ship and block missile fire for you? All three are viable options for you to focus on.I admit that at this point, the dialogue options and random events do feel a bit scripted, but I've put in A LOT of time into this game to get to this point. It does add to the adventure and intensity though. Do you risk your own crew members to gain more crew? Do you risk hull damage to gain more scrap or a weapon? No matter how much you've played, the game will still feel fresh and new every playthrough.Also, be sure to name your crew after friends and family members. It heightens the drama."
,Recommended,212680,1342119,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Takeya Saito,Recommended! loads of fun!
,Recommended,212680,8689632,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,S.M.G.,"Fly a spaceship, kill other spaceships, loot spaceship parts, build better spaceships, unlock other spaceshops, win at spaceships.  Good game."
76561198028910997,Recommended,212680,7946242,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Darkener,"FTL is one of the funnest and addictive games I've ever played, its just so difficult to put it down.  I love having an hour session every day inbetween all the other things i have to do.  Personally one of the best games I've ever played, simple gameplay with slight complex mechanics and forcing you to take a chance or not in certain situations is by far nerve wrecking.I definately recommend people try this game.  I'm an all around gamer, mainly play FPS (for fun), Moba's such as LoL (competatively), and other games whenever i find an intresting game.  If you think you have similar tastes in games such as i, this is a must buy!"
,Recommended,212680,8746856,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Randyrhombus,"I really enjoy this game, its fun, fast paced, and catches you off guard. Lots of replayability"
,Recommended,212680,8549610,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,julian_assflange,"You grow quickly attached to your motely crew of starting members and assorted hitchikers you pick up along the way. Each death is a serious blow to your chances and each random event is a work of dastardly genius. This game doesn't defeat you with some cheat invincible boss at the end, it grinds and wears your down until you are broken and defeated and already clicking on a new game."
76561198006633655,Recommended,212680,8381594,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Indefiknight,"Few games these days give me an actual sense of accomplishment after beating them, but FTL left me feeling euphoric after I finally destroyed the Rebel flagship.  Even without a true storyline each play through felt like an epic adventure full of heartbreaking losses and unbelievable comebacks.  Maybe it's just the rose colored glasses, but it is difficult for me to find fault with FTL.  Have seat in the captain's chair and give it a try, you won't regret you did."
76561198078825597,Recommended,212680,8750023,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shade of Fire,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a spectacular game of both luck and strategy that will leave you crying with frustration at times but leave you wanting more. It has a wonderfully basic yet engaging interface and a witty charm that can leave you laughing or fuming at it's antics. The game requires you to make your way across 8 maps, each filled with unknown horrors that can leave you dead in the water. It has a combat system that requires planning, consistent pausing, and the occasional lucky shot. The game itself it often decided on your choice of upgrades, weapons, and wether or not you chose to give fuel to a stranded ship. Each adventure you undertake is very different, and that is one of the key appeals of FTL, its replay value.As an overall FTL is a fabulous game that i would recommend to all."
,Recommended,212680,8374155,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Boba,This game is a perfect example that high end graphics are not important in gaming. Great ideas make great games - your fantasy will do the rest. It's just gut wrenching when one of your crew snuffs it because you did not pay attention.Brilliant casual game. Wonderful music.
,Recommended,212680,3042698,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,haychew21,"Roguelike space-captain sim. One of the best soundtracks of the year. Command your crew to keep the ship in one piece as you are chased from one end of the galaxy to the other. Upgrade your ship, weapons, and crew along the way. This game can get tough, but the real possibility of dying and losing it all is what gives it gravity."
,Recommended,212680,8782875,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Jordan,Love it
,Recommended,212680,8792060,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,bendrexl,"Deceptively simple on the surface, but the strategy required to successfully quell the rebellion is suprisingly deep & *very* addictive. You can play through in a few hours, but the replayability factor is very high, as you would expect from a rouge-like game."
76561198052455213,Recommended,212680,8775876,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wnuku,"A hard and unforgiving roguelike spaceship management game. Simple but clean graphics, intuitive gameplay and guaranteed many hours of fun while you retry to beat the game after so many frustrating failures."
,Recommended,212680,10733037,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,spincrus,"Definitely the best indie I've come across in the past 3 years. Some wish there was a multiplayer or co-op, but not really necessary. It's a great, innovative rogue-like that I'm sure anyone who is into that genre already owns it. Fastly becoming a classic. Get it!The new expansion even adds more depth and has made the final boss encounter somewhat harder (especially on the 3rd stage)."
,Recommended,212680,134145,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,not a cat,It's like the fun of Master of Orion 2's ship building thing except you manage crew and stuff and yeah I'm okay with this
76561198024873165,Recommended,212680,10496587,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,gregdreg,My favorite game ever.
,Recommended,212680,10496901,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Get off me,This game is the most hardcore and additave RTS ever
,Recommended,212680,19645047,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,skyrimaster22,it is very good just it worth 10 bucks its honestly worth 20 bucks hell its worth 50 bucks
,Recommended,212680,8527500,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,treefiddy,"The game you love to hate. It's insanely difficult but that's why it's fun. You'll probably play it several times before you beat it on easy, if you ever beat it at all. But hey, nothing worth doing is easy...right?Either way, it's a fun game and each play through is fairly short so it's nice to play if you got an hour or two to spare."
,Recommended,212680,315900,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Minlow,"Amazing rogue-like game.  One of the better indie games you can pick up, and the steam sale price is practically a steal"
,Recommended,212680,8459705,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Tomcat,"I bought this originally because it ran on Linux, and I wanted a time sink for my laptop.  I love this game.  My family loves this game.  It's hard.  It's frustrating.  It's addicting.  FTL is easily worth the $10 regular price.  Roguelike or not, I'd reccomend this game to anyone."
76561198143558007,Recommended,212680,11312573,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Eman Pman,"This is a very difficult but fun game. The game makes you feel like if you die it was something that you did wrong not the game. Although the game does not have a great story and it does not take that long to get to the last level (if you know what you are doing) It makes up for it in re-play value. There are many ships to unlock and the difficulty of the game keeps you coming back.  Its a heck of a good feeling just geting to the last level let alone beating the game. I have never died and thought wow that was cheep! The game has good control and is easy to get used to. But first time players will have difficulty geting very far on there first, second, or even third playthroughs! I would recomend this game to anyone who like stratigy games and are hard core gamers all others might want to reconsider."
,Recommended,212680,7959894,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Roboto,"This game is fun, with not as a big a learning curve to tackle as other rougelikes. While there is different modes of difficulty, the game still sees fit to drop the player randomly into a situation with little or no chance of surivival. While this is common in games in the ""rougelike"" genre, it can still get pretty frustrating when everything blows up in your face.... contantly. That aside as long as you don't mind rolling the dice and trying again, FTL is a really fun way to waste some time."
,Recommended,212680,8125879,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cool Blue Link,This is one of these games where you need to be quick on your hands. you have to do a lot of multi-tasking but in the end it's all fun and games. I really like this game specally with this new free DLC that came with it.Yes get thos game it's so awesome GO GET IT. Be careful when playing this you will be playing it for hours and hours and again and again it will kick your sorry butt =). I though it looked too ''confusing'' in truth I got sucked into a wormhole that I can't escape at all.9 out of 10 love this game game to death. where did the 1 guy go? We shot him.
76561198070872168,Recommended,212680,7799564,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Real Thog,"Great Game, wonderfully adddictive."
,Recommended,212680,16481702,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,The Man From Okinawa,"If I Was Honest,My initial thoughts weren't good.Hours later - It's Great!!!"
76561197961175175,Recommended,212680,9188222,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,PsychoSimatic,"Simple and fun, but punishing at the same time. Start to finish each travel is unique and there is no going back. This game will have you hitting Alt F4 and cursing at your ill fortune just as fast as it'll have you drumming your fingers in evil anticipation and a newly discovered upgrade or augmentation for your ship. I would like more of a story driven version, or even a campaign to be included with the ability to save and continue as it would be fun if this game just kept going on and on it would be very fun. Some times it is just over too damned fast"
76561198045866665,Recommended,212680,9555101,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,succ,you command your own ship.it is funand i love it
,Recommended,212680,8156144,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,chaotea,"At first i wrote this off as another space simulator, but its far more. Think a mix of theme hospital and command and conquor. A game with lots of replayability, well recomended."
,Recommended,212680,8545181,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Nengtaka,"This is a very fun game! This game is one of a kind. It offers challenges and is a great strategy/surival game. You must keep your ship's systems running, your crew alive, and repair your ship, all while fighting off boarders and enemy ships. It is a very fun game with a lot of replay value.This game would be the perfect game for gamers who love simulation/strategy games."
,Recommended,212680,11026950,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Space Kitteh,This game is absolutely a work of art and is a must buy!!! 15/12 fruit loops
,Recommended,212680,9326500,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Jeguer Beguer 100%,"Awesome game. Thousands of uniques, different ships with thousands of strats that you can build. Wish a top technology ship? You can made it. Wish a fighting crew? You can made it. Wish anything with any race, and you can build it up.The soundtrack fits perfectly, and is awesome, one of the big things of this game.Also for those who seeks a hard game, FTL is pretty sure hard even in Normal mode, and will require (at least for me) 30 hours to finish, without 100%, which until now I couldn't find all ships.Worth the price, worth your time."
,Recommended,212680,291818,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,FIREARMS UNITED,"Probably the best Rouge-Like I ever played! Only 8,99 € but fun worth 60 € or more. This game will keep you more busy than 3 ""AAA Games""! And the soundtrack is too good to be described in words. Really! It's an awesome mix of chiptune and ambient, aggresive push and probably some more generes. The artist really cought the atmosepherea and tactic-action of this game and poured it into a set of wonderful music tracks."
,Recommended,212680,8357322,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,sh,"Either I really suck & need practice, or you're supposed to die hundreds of times. Never frustrating, always leaves you with that ""aw damn so close."" feeling. SPAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCEEEE"
,Recommended,212680,8382868,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jodski,"Not going to get an 'in-depth' review, just here because of a badge told me to.But, I do absolutely love this game. An excellent potentially bite sized experience (I say bite sized but I always seem to play if for at least 2hrs when I get started) at commanding your own ship.The simple graphical design is charming, which I have noticed easily fools some into believing that the game itself is simple. How wrong they all turned out to be.This is also one of the first big Kick-starter success stories also makes it impressive as it could quite easily never have existed.If you are curious as to what a Rogue-like game is, then look no further than this. Don’t expect to complete the game on your first try, or even your first couple dozen attempts – you are destined to fail – but you will be all too happy to jump back in again and again."
,Recommended,212680,8490853,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Inhumane Thoughts,"This was the best game I bought on steam ,the galaxy was different every time i load a new gameThis game was kind of good on its gui but do recomend this game for adventure"
,Recommended,212680,8134621,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Spam,"Why did I never hear about this game before?Maybe because it looks like something outide my comfort zone. I picked it up though and was instantly sucked in. It's a tad unforgiving, and the difficulty even on easy isn't for someone who's never played a real strategy game before. If you're looking for a challenge that'll reward your calculated risk (or suck you out into the cold vaccum of space for being an idiot) I couldn't recomend it enough. Absolutely essential.So why don't you have this? Go get it already!"
,Recommended,212680,8495699,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LTCMcGhee,"Strangely addicting, FTL is a fun game that makes a lot out of a little.  The graphics are not fancy, but that quickly disappears when you really get into the game.  The premise is simple: get to the Federation with your secret data without being destroyed.  Death is permanent.  When you die (and you will, often) you don't go back to the last save.  You go all the way back to the beginning.  Space can be brutal.  However, play through again...and again.  While you had previously been ripped apart in level 2, you now get to level six every time.  You pick up crew and lose them.  You choose weapons as you come upon them and each battle has the opportunity to be your last.  For the price, it is certainly worth a buy.  I have found it oddly addicting and, of course, it plays on any old Mac or PC.  A solid recommendation to buy if you like the thinking man's space shooter."
76561197976743217,Recommended,212680,8366833,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Darpachief2.0,"Love this game. It sets you in a ship that is on the run from a hostile fleet. You have to power up your FTL in order to 'jump' (BSG reimagined series anyone?) to another sector. Every sector has some sort of event. Be it a hostile enemy ship, a store or a planet you can send your crew out to investigate. Combat is really fun, and it feels awesome to repair your vessel after an intense spacebattle.Ups:Cool musicUnpredictableFun for 10 minutes or 3 hoursfun communityDowns:Takes a while to understand the funGraphics"
76561198002292825,Recommended,212680,8372181,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,cramejo,"Great game. Very balanced. If you are unlucky the first times, don't worry."
,Recommended,212680,8391492,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Super,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a great rogue-like game that will keep you playing for hours on end. The graphics are brilliant, although they are not as high-quality in windowed mode, and the music is absolutely gorgeous.The gameplay is also very good, with nice combat, a good difficulty curve (Basically it is: Easy, Medium, Hard, Harder, Instant Death Zone), and the very helpful pause button, which will be used lots. THIS GAME IS VERY HARD. When you buy it, do not give up on the first run because you died in the second sector. Just keep going, even if you need to use easy mode, and eventually, get to the final boss.Overall, this is a very addicting and well-built game, that is great for hardcore and casual gamers alike.5 stars."
,Recommended,212680,8366515,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Emerald Witch,"Take command of an inter-stellar space ship and lead your crew to victory over a massive rebellion! FTL is part space exploration, part roguelike, and all awesome. Make tough decisions while attempting to survive in unfriendly sectors, hide in nebulas, and race back to headquarters in order to save your people from annihilation.The game features many unlockable ships and extra designs of existing ships, giving lots of replay value on top of the already randomized sectors and encounters. This is one of the best games on Steam and everyone who likes science fiction even a little should pick it up yesterday :D"
76561198034094296,Recommended,212680,8395163,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Philocraste,"Very good, though difficult. Could do with an easier mode."
76561198006785532,Recommended,212680,8383528,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zambonii,I like it.
,Recommended,212680,8282989,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,swirl3y,Very fun sci-fi rogue-like strategy sort of game. Definite buy.
,Recommended,212680,8263551,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ezenthar the Wolf,"Incredibly fun, in a category of its own."
,Recommended,212680,9775434,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,nutbuster,"If you're looking for a stratigic, interesting and super-cool sci-fi game, get this."
76561198067280601,Recommended,212680,9784247,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,brgossett,"When it came to making a decision on buying this game, I stayed on the fence for nearly a year. After pulling the trigger and purchasing FTL, I can say that the past year will be looked back upon as being lesser than what it could have been. This game is epic...it rewards the quick thinking  and smites those who are not up to the challenge. Regardless of which category you fall into, you will keep coming back for more. TL:DR; Stop reading this and buy this game."
,Recommended,212680,8449070,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[/T\]  JewBagelz,"This game should not need my endorsement.  You should already own it.  You should already have it installed.  You should be playing it right now instead of reading this.  The game presents the player with near endless replayability as you unlock more ships, offereing different starts, and play through a world that is different each time.  The pool of events is large enough that it doesnt begin to feel repetitive even after many, MANY, play throughs.  Or should I say play attempts?  This is one of those less forgiving of games.  Easy is mamagable, but normal will rip you to shreds even if you have been lucky.  If a hard is ever realeased I will probably never be able to beat it."
,Recommended,212680,9774348,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,[G4H] Kolimo,good♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,212680,641901,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,jojop0tato,FTL captures the feeling of Star Trek like no game I've played before.
76561198031896796,Recommended,212680,9324950,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Terminal Frost,One of the best games I've ever played.
76561197975490875,Recommended,212680,8170213,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,AtoMiCGReY,Such a fantastic game.  Depressing and lonley.  Every turn could mean the end of your adventure.  Awesome.
,Recommended,212680,10654465,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,k_flint,"This is the most amazing game I've played in years. It challenges you, makes you think out strategies and it's never easy, even on 'easy'. Just proves that you don't need graphics, that can only run on a high-end machine, to make a game.If I pirated this game, I would uninstal the copy and buy it only after an hour of playing. Which I can't say about most of the recent AAA games."
76561197967165306,Recommended,212680,12880243,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Dux Magnus,10/10 Lose every time I play... on easy \o/
76561198011981912,Recommended,212680,10916500,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,True Neutral,"If you have ever had a fantasy of being a starship captain of some kind then this game will definitely scratch you right where you itch.  FTL strikes a perfect balance between simplicity and vast depth, incorporating every sci-fi trope you can think of to create a wonderfully challenging experience that evokes fond memories of Star Wars, Star Trek, Battlestar, Firefly and every other space odyssey that brought a smile to your face.  Just make sure to get the hell out of there as fast as you can at any mention of 'giant alien spiders'."
,Recommended,212680,10757481,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Funran,One of the best PC games of all time!
,Recommended,212680,3641328,"Posted: 10 November, 2012",all,Chrismas95,"FTL is what I'd describe as a spaceship micromanagement roguelike with its randomly generated sectors (floors), beacons (rooms), and rewards in each beacon. There are plenty of different ships, weapons, crew species, drones, and augmentations that completely change how you need to play. You use scrap gotten throughout the game as currency in stores or to power up your ship. You learn more as you play and experiment (like how upgrading engines and doors is important!). FTL isn't very fast-paced, with a bunch of pausing and a recharge-based attacking system. It also doesn't require a good computer to play (it may still lag, but FTL plays in a way where that doesn't get in the way too much). You're often given choices as you jump into beacons, so your judgement is put to the test (along with 'How do I spend this scrap?). I give this game a hearty recommendation if you're even remotely interested in an action/strategy game like this one!"
76561198067135800,Recommended,212680,6477059,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Quenthalas,"AT first glance, I thought this game wouldn't hold my attention terribly long.  A year after installing it though, I still return to it.  With the near limitless options to choose from, no playthrough is exactly alike.  The game can be quick, and one or two wrong choices can take down even a veteran FTL player.  Adding the options for the Advanced edition makes it like a whole new game, all over again.  This is by far one of my favourite picks"
,Recommended,212680,8915381,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,"Goro ""Delicious Pancakes"" Akechi","Truly, a fantastic game of deep-space exploration, and putting those detestable rebels in their place. Absolutely stunning music and visuals, with well-balanced gameplay."
76561198083137996,Recommended,212680,9072815,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Mr. Garblonzo,Its a great game ♥♥♥♥ing buy it now.
76561198043838129,Recommended,212680,9977338,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,D.Beat Cooper,"Running out of oxygen,burning to death,and dying in fiery explosions over,and over doesn't sound fun,but it is."
76561198061642438,Recommended,212680,8431227,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Chwiseena,"I've cried playing this game more than I'd like to admit. It's so frustratingly addicting, and the replay value is huge. Definitely worth having in any collection for when the day is slow and you have an hour or two to spare."
,Recommended,212680,2521533,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Leon Declis,"This game gets a big fat hairy recommendation from me. I had to uninstall it.No, that isn't criticism from a smug tosser. I mean, it's so good that if I didn't uninstall it, I'd fail uni this year from playing it.You play as the Captain in command of a ship flying from point to point, managing resources, having a crew, upgrading or buying parts, fighting battles, and trying to stay ahead of an ever-approaching threat."
76561197987353953,Recommended,212680,19679591,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,4N8i©,1 of the best low budget games ever.Hope it come for Androide.
,Recommended,212680,19663107,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Cpt Deadpool,Great Game !
,Recommended,212680,11541082,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Poultice,"This is one awesome game, nothing less!Simple, fun and intensive!You can chose different difficulty levels,and besides you can practise playing without pause also!* 9 out of 10 *"
76561197998571506,Recommended,212680,19511577,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Thewantedsheep,"Amazing game, awesome soundtrack.A classic"
,Recommended,212680,9556287,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Kona Coffee,OMG SO FUN
76561198105333264,Recommended,212680,16247464,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,tbetrus99,Great Game. Worth the money
,Recommended,212680,9296030,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Moth,Good game. In Soviet Russia dungeon crawls you.
76561198037158156,Recommended,212680,14091586,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Protozin,"So i played this game a bit. I love it. I wish i was better at it, and also wish that it didn't have to reinforce my idea of how unlucky I am. Also ive realised that i will never amount to anything because i cant make the best of any situation. I am doomed to a life of mediocrity. Since my discovery of this game the only constant in my life is the knowledge that i will always fail no matter how hard i tried. From the beginning i set out to write a positive review, but since then ive decided to end my own pointless existence. 10/10 will spend my last minutes playing FTL, and as my crew runs out of oxygen and breathes their last gasp of air, I too will join them in deaths embrace."
76561197986731719,Recommended,212680,8668276,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mr. Tex,Roguelike? Yes. Difficult. Yes. Amusing? Yes.
,Recommended,212680,7852401,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Tilmah,this one is good. pretty addictive.end boss really hard to beat though.
,Recommended,212680,14229713,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Weirdcko,"There are so few bad things I can say about this game. One is that it's pretty hard to beat, two is... nevermind, it's just that one. But when it gets right down to it, beating the game isn't that important.  This game is immensely fun at every part, and your decisions will greatly affect your fate. There will be sectors you don't like, choices you wish you hadn't made, and many other parts that you will probably dislike a lot. Despite that, the fun persists always, even while your ship is being blown to smithereens. And then you'll click the new game button. Again. And again. And again.And at some point, you'll have finally defeated the rebel flagship, earned new achievements, and... unlocked a new ship? Every ship is a new angle on the same game, requiring quite different strategies. This is why it is again so much fun to be destroyed once more. And once more you'll click new game. Again. And again. And again.Perhaps the fact that you don't beat the flagship every time improves the game even further. It requires you to play more decisively and carefully, keeping you wondering if you'll win this time around. If you beat the flagship everytime, you probably wouldn't start a new game. Instead, your mouse is drawn towards the button. Again. And again. And again.One of these days you'll enable Advanced Edition. New weapons, new events, new race, even more fun. And you'll be even more excited to click that darned, time-wasting new game button. Again. And again. And again.Why do you continue to play again? Because the possibilities are literally endless.Five stars, easily.If you choose to buy the game: Play on easy. And try the Captain's Edition mod once you beat the flagship at least once."
,Recommended,212680,15147319,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,wilson the hamknight,"Fun but i wish they added steam workshop it would be fun to see what the community could do with it, especially since the game gets tedious after a while"
,Recommended,212680,15717143,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,jew man,"Amazing game, the free DLC kept me playing again just as I was slowing down, even after mainly using it on iPad now"
,Recommended,212680,4860668,"Posted: 20 December, 2012",all,funkydude,Amazing
76561198056336697,Recommended,212680,13095983,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Evotyrant,"Best game ever, brings RougeLike elements into a real time with pause perfectly. In game lore, although undeveloped is extremely easy to get into and assume while still being undorky enough to not turn off casual gamers. Various weapons and ships give the game tons of different strategies to use to win, which is a huge factor in this game's amazing replayablilty.  10/10 would reccomend, and at such a low price you almost can't afford to not get it."
76561198100362211,Recommended,212680,15341225,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Flame923,great game but one thing i would like to ask for you guys to put in is a skill system. with skills like do 10% more damage items cost 5% less stuff like that but you need skill points to unlock themoh one thing to say is that if you spaceships and guns good luck
76561198000121873,Recommended,212680,16750925,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,FluffehPillow,Great game
76561198070907361,Recommended,212680,9945447,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Comrade Corbo,"FTL, this is no exaggeration one of the BEST and i mean THE BEST game i have played in a long time, and in my view just go buy it NOW, but if you need some convincing what makes this game great is.1. The emerging storyline, with only a loose story you create your own story about the USS DFTBA and it's fate of being destroyed by asteriods.2. The gameplay, the gameplay is fantastic the lasers feel hard hitting, the animations are amazing and the pause system allows you to sit down and think. Not to mention the different combat styles, boarding, hacking, drones, FTL allows you to do what you want to do in combat making it truly breathtaking.3. The graphics while retro give the game its own feel and it makes the game feel nicer.So, are you convinced yer?"
76561198026039873,Recommended,212680,3684913,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,AndyWithoutTheAfro,You gots to play FTL.
,Recommended,212680,10194077,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,spaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaace
,Recommended,212680,8264947,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rye,I love it
76561197994893996,Recommended,212680,1570086,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,MAC_II,Lots of fun - more than I expected.  Lots of chance in this strategy game - each 'jump' is like drawing a card for your next encounter.  It'll take you a game or two to learn how to plot out your course.  Lots of ways to play and ships to unlock.
,Recommended,212680,11553008,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,I main Maine,Insanely fun and addicting.Plenty of mods to satisfy even Skyrim enthusiests.If you like rouge-likes you will love this game.10/10 very good example of indie sucess.
,Recommended,212680,17605428,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Smacky,Easily most addictive indy game I've ever played10/10 will always come back
,Recommended,212680,11542711,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Frednatics,"I have played this game for far too many hours, and have yet to win. One of the steepest learning curves I have ever seen in a game, but the challenge makes it addicting, assuming you have a few hours to dedicate. The gameplay and core mechanics are brilliant, and while the graphics certainlty aren't triple A, they are charming. Overall ftl is far better than most released triple A games, and is truly worth your time and cash, with the new dlc being an added free bonus."
76561198126151490,Recommended,212680,14799838,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Lukhaan,"A brutal game, you make one mistake and you lose. It's a great game though I leave every time my ship dies but it always calls me back."
,Recommended,212680,24915803,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,MasterQ,A great story driven little game. Quite hard at first but very fun to quickly load up and play in some free time.
,Recommended,212680,13735517,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,VACationSenpai 2 #VACCollector,█▀▀░█░█░█▀█░█▀▀░█▀█▀▀█░█░█░█▀▀░█▀░░█▀▄▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░▀▀▀░▀░▀█▄░▄█░█▀▀░█▀▀▀░ █▀██░█░█░█▀░░█░▀█░█▀▀█▀░▀░▀░▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░▀░░▀█░░█░█░▀▀█▀▀░█▀█░█▀██░░█░█░░░█░░░█▀▄░█▀█▀▀▀▀░▀▀▀░▀░░░▀░▀░▀░▀█▀▀░█▀█░█░█▀▀█▀░░█▀▀░█░█▀▀▀░▀░░░▀░▀▀
,Recommended,212680,9766476,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Cybie|Wings,It did amittedly look boring at first but don't let the clicky bits stop you its a whole different game when you play itGood:- Customize your crew boss them around be it friends or enemies and see how far you can take them into space- random events/ unlockables via  quests / different every time show some life into this chaotic universe- Its a good challenge espeically with the new advance update- The ships are all unique you get a sense of inferiority and the urgency for escaping certain situations etc- Great soundtrack + lots of depth- MODDABLE!Cons:- get you addicted- its hard / based on luck for unlocking certain ships/ achievements- not too much backstory  just brief overviews- backgrounds/ visuals may not appeal to some- may look unappealing to some
,Recommended,212680,7779112,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,IntheCoconut,"FTL surprised me on so many levels. It is fun and addicting. The design behind the gameplay is simple enough that you can jump right in, but it provides enough depth with the gear and upgrades to keep you interested for hours. Micro-managing all the elements of the game makes it progressively challenging, and brutally punishes you if you don't plan ahead. Multiple ships and unlockable designs will keep you playing even after you have beaten the game."
76561198064142762,Recommended,212680,14796140,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Matsukaze,Oh♥♥♥♥♥♥why did no one tell me about this game .i thought i had friends to tell me that this games was  the chesse between the bread.so wroth a buy every penny in your god damn wallet.Warning!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! will die a lot perpare to get  rektttttt.
76561197997193126,Recommended,212680,29106009,Posted: 7 January,all,Ober Kruppen Führer,"This is a fantastic game!! Thought provoking, tactical, challenging and so much fun!I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys micromanagment games.100hours + and counting :D"
76561198193435730,Recommended,212680,17417870,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,FrostieDFKF,"Stunning gameplay and design, as well as very replayable. Reccomended to all Sci-Fi nerds."
76561197984502512,Recommended,212680,1017718,"Posted: 19 September, 2012",all,Mastnosis,"Awesome, Awesome, Awesome.   If you like a challenge and you like space exploration games then you can't go wrong."
76561198055099530,Recommended,212680,16737184,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Robert California,"Faster than light is one of those games that you cant stop playing. From the need to advance to the next sector as you build you ship, to the recruitment of crew members. FTL delivers a deep and rich gaming experience, with 2D graphics and a killer soundtrack that will keep you on the edge of your seat. This game should be owned by any Indie gamer or casual. Not to difficult to master but difficult to beat.5 out of 5"
76561198036226709,Recommended,212680,13095183,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Loki,Love this game. id really like to see a MMO based on it someday.
76561198081115738,Recommended,212680,16587583,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,joshua.bromberg0,"fantastic game, pay the graphics no mind, gameplay is worth it."
76561198053905462,Recommended,212680,8208642,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Inside Joke,Amazing game with a great modding comunity. it can be a little hard to understand and annoying at times but overall it's a great game.
,Recommended,212680,13044217,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,mdmoore12,"I have to say everytime I play this game I get my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me, but I have never had so much fun losing in my life. It's a pretty simple game that can be picked up fairly quickly. I can play this one 100 times and get a different experience everytime, which is a rare quality for a game."
,Recommended,212680,13072418,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,cloudsora,"While the end boss might be an overwhelming ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ to fight the game overall is amazing and the progression is great, and now its been updated and has mods as well... what more could you ask for from a rouge-like like this."
,Recommended,212680,9727324,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Isquashua,For what it is it's very good.10/10
,Recommended,212680,10052773,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,GristlyGoblin,"its a brilliant game, if your looking for a game to get sucked into for a few hours this is it. its a great priceWortheverypennie"
,Recommended,212680,9715621,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Dale Earnheart #3,One of the best ways to get mad for a while
76561197970929661,Recommended,212680,8124912,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,bortwalker,Outstanding casual space sim!
,Recommended,212680,7430484,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,calamk10,"Amazing game. It might seem tough at some points but that just makes the experience of winning some much better. There are so many differenet scenarios that you can go through depending on what ship, crew,  and sector you are in. This is truely an amazing game."
,Recommended,212680,13578090,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Rennievit,"An amazing fast paced fast thinking starship battle simulator. A game in which I'll definitely spend many more hours to come.If you are thinking about buying this, you should. No question."
,Recommended,212680,9905887,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Urethra Franklin,RNG space cluster ♥♥♥♥. 10/10
,Recommended,212680,2554554,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,breags - changed [GFTF],"My definitive rogue-like, a superb blend of randonmess that punishes and rewards equally. You truly feel like a desperate starship captain every step of the way. DLC plus mods mean that there is always something to come back to."
76561198055786379,Recommended,212680,10937262,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,MrsBrownsboy,seriously stop reading reveiws and get the game already!its soo amazing in every way
,Recommended,212680,13773878,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,danthemango,I completely forgot  I owned this game
,Recommended,212680,7644040,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Peregrine_Caged,"A relatively simple game with a respectable challenge, FTL is easy to get into and easy to kill time with but hard to master. As a roguelike, the difficulty comes from the permadeath and random encounters. Some playthroughs will seem drastically unfair, as you'll occasionally find it hard to follow through winning strategies, but then others will seem perfectly suited. All in all, it makes every attempt fun and interesting. If you don't mind losing half the time, I definitely suggest you get this."
,Recommended,212680,9816715,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,WILLSON,just get this
,Recommended,212680,2876423,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Draginite,Oregon Trail in Space.WE WILL NEVER ACCEPT SURRENDER
,Recommended,212680,11045901,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,[Lamp]Kingwolf{GLAN},"defintely have been enjoying this game, though it does get a lil repetetive lol"
76561198079549572,Recommended,212680,6924694,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,{CG}Pepsiattic,9/10 would buy again
,Recommended,212680,14802516,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Køntjus,"FTL is always there for you. For good times and bad times.And if I should ever go awayWell, then close your eyes and tryTo feel the way we do todayAnd then if you can rememberKeep smiling, keep shiningKnowing you can always count on me, for sureThat's what friends are forRead more: Dionne Warwick - That's What Friends Are For Lyrics | MetroLyrics"
,Recommended,212680,21830347,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Alptraum,"This game is really good and well made. Too bad the boss at the end breaks the entire game.I just spent like 2 hours playing through the game, fully upgrading my ship, and I could take out normal enemies without recieveing even 1 HP damage on my ship. Then I get to the boss and I kill him in the first stage with less than 50% HP left, losing a crew member, and in the 2nd stage of the boss, he kills me with ease. If you're gonna buy the game, install a mod which removes this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ boss from the game. The boss takes ALL the fun out of the game because he's impossible to beat. None of my friends has ever killed him."
76561198116715598,Recommended,212680,10307827,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,RapTor,"This game is genius. If you like strategie games that are tricky at first this game is for you.Endless gameplay featuring spaceships, drones, cannons, missiles with great pixel art. You wont regret buying this game."
,Recommended,212680,11499725,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,clap,"I bought this game around 10Am or so and now its 3pm. 12/10 Freaking amazingly fun and awesome, wasn't even expecting this kind of addiction."
,Recommended,212680,8059673,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,MedicinalPersona,"If you buy this, say goodbye to many, many hours of free time"
76561198071492875,Recommended,212680,12248601,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Radmonstuff,This game is awsome you should buy it no really stop reading and go buy it!
76561198046820386,Recommended,212680,23888174,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,HalfMeister,"FTL is about- risk,- managing your ship,- and the feeling of being Jean-Luc Picard ... xDMakes a lot of fun (for a short time)."
76561198040104199,Recommended,212680,4634069,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,Aceplayer46,A awesome straegy-hybrid where you have a ship and u control every thing that go's on. toput it in simple terms it is AWESOME
,Recommended,212680,26461372,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Shaman,"For all Indie and Pixel Art games I have found on Steam, this is absolutely the best gameplay and replay wise. It sets an example how to develop everlasting, classic and influencial games."
,Recommended,212680,2905894,"Posted: 30 December, 2012",all,Ty2Cool8,fun
76561198035113728,Recommended,212680,4288852,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Crank149,"A great card game introducing a blend of Yu-Gi-Oh, Pokemon and Ice burgers.10/10 IGN"
76561198050663993,Recommended,212680,13884280,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Ken,"Subset Games, Congratulations! This game is awesome! Simple and very fun! Play this game is like play an exciting rpg history of sci-fi/space."
,Recommended,212680,9767026,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,It Ain't Easy Bein' Cheesy,is good. is good.
76561198026368215,Recommended,212680,9767093,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,egg head clown,Real nice game.  Easy to play hard to master. It the same thing over but all different. Hours of fun for little money.
,Recommended,212680,8098962,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Suvorov203,"Cheap and extremely addicting, This is one of the easiest games to pick up and play for 15 minutes, or spend hours losing yourself in the game."
,Recommended,212680,11486786,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,darkehorse,This game is supercalafrajalisticexpialadocious. 11 / 10
76561198126952501,Recommended,212680,9411839,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Randomositydude,"FTL, FTW. I know I'm probably not the first to say this but this is one of the best most addictive games I have played in some time. It is a plays like a Turn based RTS should even though that is a contradiction in itself. If you want to feel like your alone in space, you should probably play metroid as that is a grate series (other than Other M) but if you want to feel like you have the whole universe baring down on trying to kill you while you are david taking on goliath and you have very little reasorces then this is the game for you. Sort of a stuck between an unstoppable force and an imovable object kind of thing. Addictive through Great gameplay which you have to get good at or you will die and you want to get good at to get a higher score or get futher without dieing. This game appeals to the arcade gamer and will hopefully awaken the arcade gamer in those that have not exsperienced wanting to beat a highscore because of modern games treating everyone like a winner without saying why (I'm looking at you Fps's and those games with stupid unskippable tutorials that don't exspect you to know that the a button does stuff or try out the other buttons before taking on the arduas task of getting through your game) Sorry I got on a rant FTL Hopefully the game you are looking for :)"
76561198089663507,Recommended,212680,10165562,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,ToastierTree,Awesome game
76561197981903819,Recommended,212680,24557258,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Serpico.09,"I'm not an expert nor even a big fan of strategy games and yet, FTL was easy to learn and instantly engaging. There are countless number of hours to be had here. Screentshots simply cannot encompass the greatness of this game--it needs to be experienced."
76561197973084943,Recommended,212680,13746531,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Dread,Excellent game.  I would suggest it to anyone.  The mechincs are easy to learn but reward exploration.
76561198054076002,Recommended,212680,10739897,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Rat Man,Funer than light XD
76561198103557368,Recommended,212680,13891708,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Hadososaurus,I wish that I could say this game is horrible. But it has me hooked.. I have managed to get 13.5 hours of gameplay in the first 3 days of my owning of it. 10/10 would ruin my sleeping hours again.
76561198083866540,Recommended,212680,9737850,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Diabetic Corgi Master,You got to play this rogue-like game.Take the command of a federation ship carrying data while escaping the rebel fleet.But be careful its gonna be a long and harsh journey back to base. stock up prepare to blow♥♥♥♥♥♥up left in right in this amazing ship combat game.
76561198107910231,Recommended,212680,10432794,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,School Bus | killme.com,"even though this game is extremely diffulcult and frustrating, I find that at many times I have found many exciting battles, and I have made it to the Flagship many times, so I would reccomend to anyone this game at any time in my life. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,6917693,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Josia_,Very tactical and can take a lot of luck sometimes but this really draws you in. Great Game!
,Recommended,212680,9721127,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Shai182,one of the best and hardest games i played in a long time... there is no easy difficulty here and no forgiveness for mistake!
76561197963326220,Recommended,212680,9748859,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Gheddi,Such challenge! Many encounters! Much upgrades! Wow!
,Recommended,212680,3830376,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Frightening Forik,"It is the year 3XXX, trains are ruled out as illegal by the galactic federation after their several failed attempts at a space railroad. Several rebel groups object to this great and evil federation, and its facist policies outruling mankind's one and only trustworthy friend, the train. You play as a member of the federation, trying to move merchandise across the universe, without any rails. Will you manage to train yourself and overcome the circumstances, or will you open your eyes and see why the rebellion is taking place? The choice is yours, but remember, don't turn the oxygen generator off. That's usually a bad idea."
76561198065655539,Recommended,212680,10322126,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,hurricane dash,epic game totaly worth it hours of fun. every time i play this game its a totaly diffrent experience
,Recommended,212680,13858702,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Kally,A Very Challanging But fun Game That Requires Luck And Skill
76561198119507453,Recommended,212680,11601687,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,sneakyy,"Highly addictive and very good, recommended when you have a lot of free time"
,Recommended,212680,13869743,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,error90,"FTL is one of those rare things: a Kickstarter that actually delivered all the backing it got. The developers set realistic goals, met them and produced a fantastic game at a fair price that became one of the best indie game."
76561198113856418,Recommended,212680,7975639,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Cuntshitzel,Do yourself a solid and get this game.
,Recommended,212680,13631059,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TheRealNFK,"Initial impression: this is awesome. As a lonely geeky kid, I spent a lot of time drawing space ships, including interior schematics with systems, weapons, and crew layouts (""the reticulated particle cannon will go here, the magnacore generator will go there, but where will I put the maser batteries?"").  Now, many years later, this ridiculously fun and addictive game has brought those space ship doodles to life, and I can micro manage to my heart's content.And kill my crew over and over and over again.Seriously, though, it has a very table top feel, like some old school boxed-set space ship game. Good times, man."
,Recommended,212680,981903,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,humanvegetableonline2002,"This is a highly-addictive, complex, real-time strategy game where you take command of a ship and its crew. Because of the many variables that can go wrong, you're going to have to pause a lot and issue orders. This game may be complex but the tutorial does a good job of explaining the basics. For everything else, you'll have to figure it out through some minor trial and error. Ironically, normal mode is not normal. You're going to die a lot.There's a lot of decision making in this game and the rest is left to some chance. Do you want to risk battling the elite rebel attack ships in order to visit the store for a chance at some rare weapons? Should you risk your butt to help some poor pilots out of a jam? Outgunned, would you risk your crew in a boarding mission? Lots of decision-making, but that's the magic of this game. It makes the game feel more different every time you play it.If you've ever wanted to feel like Captain Picard of the USS Enterprise, download this game."
76561198093124284,Recommended,212680,15547290,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,jdan91,"So far I really enjoy this game, I have not died the same place or by the same thing twice. If you are looking for game that is challenging and fun this is definitely it."
,Recommended,212680,1921446,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,Popcats!,One of the best indie games that I've played!
76561198079444261,Recommended,212680,10726342,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Glas Octopus,"great fun, i recommend it to anybody but be prepared to rage"
,Recommended,212680,606,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,{-o-} Gimmic,"Awesome game that everyone should play. Once you've eventually 'mastered' the stock gameplay, install endless space mod. This is a game I will play off and on well into the future."
76561198031673181,Recommended,212680,8238010,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kid Charlemagne,One of the best space games I ever played. 9/10
76561198049892551,Recommended,212680,5446201,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,St Dbag,"Prior to advanced version I already pumped over 100 hours into this game. This is hands down the best simulation game I've ever played and easily one of the best games I've ever experienced. If you're feeling cheap, wait for it to go on sale for $5, but it is more than worth it at $10. I highly recommend this game. It is extremely addictive."
,Recommended,212680,9394172,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Dinner King,"Really nice game. In-depth, fast-paced combat and life-or-death decisions are part of an everyday session of FTL. It might be a bit hard to get a hang of for some people, but it's really fun. The permadeath makes every choice important, even outside battle. To me, this game isn't about beating the boss, not about winning, but about getting better every time you play. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,212680,7797429,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Captain Daddy,"This is one of the most calming and relaxing games i've played. With it's great soundtrack, great gameplay, and huge room for descisions, I love it."
,Recommended,212680,10812729,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Crumb Guzzler,This game will make you want to kill yourself in a good way.
,Recommended,212680,10836076,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Heyman,This Game is one if not the best game ive ever played. It is Challenging and easily replayable although annoying and rage worthy at times. I think that this is definatly a game that will never find boring and would recommend to almost anyone.
76561198015661331,Recommended,212680,9992852,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Bezzo,Tighter♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,212680,8434206,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,123,If you liked Star Trek the TV show you will love this game. Can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,212680,9728335,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Dwarf,"Fun little game, difficult as hell. I like it a bit more than other rogue likes (Spelunky, Binding of Issac) due to the unique playstyle and premise."
76561198010384314,Recommended,212680,2642357,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,StevieB,"The replayability (and difficulty) of The Binding of Isaac, in space."
76561198018494666,Recommended,212680,9737269,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,[Frag] Gunslinger,"Really great game , challenging fun and eventually rewarding . Mastering the mechanics is a learning curve but not impossible"
76561198043797580,Recommended,212680,8786954,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ZooptheHairyPig,"First of all, this is an incredible game, and also difficult. To do well, one must not only be well versed in the mechanics of the game, but also must be good at combat strategy.My only problem, is that things are sometimes random enough that how well you do can be entirely dependant on the game generation.GET THIS GAME OR BE FOREVER REGRETFUL!!!"
76561198049372508,Recommended,212680,8269881,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Shaman Chef Alex,"Ballbustingly hard, eternally satisfying, relentlessly challenging. A must play, in my opinion."
,Recommended,212680,9721466,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Casual Tea,Dis gayme is vry fun
76561197970793826,Recommended,212680,9721049,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Petrograd,"Just for the record, the Advanced Edition includes the occaisonal option to replace your Med Bay with a Cloning Bay. It doesn't heal, it just replaces crew when they die.In light of this, I'm pretty sure I'm now a war criminal."
76561198079791438,Recommended,212680,9844237,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Namu The Space Bunny,Love this game and have gotten full badge for it.It's a very nice pixalated game...if you can call it that.Very challanging even on easy and i think everyone should get it.But the only thing is the enemys are old i would love to see new layouts or randomly generated ships.I completed the game btw c:
76561198028995111,Recommended,212680,9903236,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Meripor,Lots of fun; Good for short and longer gaming sessions!
,Recommended,212680,9867495,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Kekimurus,"This game is not for the faint-hearted. You will die several times before you realize that Easy mode is not an accurate description of the difficulty. Though it may seem like your winning chances depend purely on RNG, there is actually a heavy amount of skill and tactics involved in the gameplay. The most satisfying feeling you will get in this game is constantly learning to master these skills and tactics which will eventually lead you to win the game. Then it becomes an addiction that carries over to other ships that you unlock. The feeling of needing to beat the game with several unlocked ships on multiple difficulties will consume many, many hours of your life. Did I mention that the music is beyond amazing?10/10 would board again"
76561198093714650,Recommended,212680,9758773,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Bro Stalin,THE BEST FREAKIN GAME!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,212680,9155101,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,ziga,This game is one of the most engaging games you can play on steam if you are into the rouge-like games . I highly suggest that you give it a try .
76561197993379143,Recommended,212680,9778458,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,[BT] Drunken Unicorn,You will quickly grow to hate this this game. Unfortunly it by then it will have its stockholm syndrome claws into you.I have lost count how many time I have watched the Brave grew of my shipsExplodeBurn to DeathBe beaten to a Pulp by Alien space BugsSuffocateGet detroyed by the 3rd Teir of a Giant BS Flagship!But every time I end up hitting the reload button with a gleem in my eye and the words this is the time on  my lips.
,Recommended,212680,9845759,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Think About Death,This game is wicked and it is for real.
76561198004095294,Recommended,212680,8177072,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[HoS] Black Dougall,"I just realized how much I liked this game when I sat down for 10 minutes to play and ended up playing for 3 hrs :)Excellent strategy design with Rogue-like elements meaning perma-death, random galaxy generation and random events.  It's pausable real-time so no major twitch skills required which is a plus for me.  Tons of unlocks and hidden rewards so lots of replayability.The difficulty can be a little punishing at times and it's possible to make it to the end and get stuck or fail if you don't have the right upgrades and crew.  The time commitment is pretty short though so it's not a huge pain to restart."
,Recommended,212680,8170953,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,emoose,Looks simple at first but the mechanics are complex and allow for lots of replayability.
76561197983846902,Recommended,212680,8168989,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Cosmic Horror,"I recommend this game to everyone, go buy it nowSeriously, buy it. BUY it. It's cheap, and you'll likely get more hours out of it than most 'AAA' games."
,Recommended,212680,7749122,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Misterproof,"I have been enjoying FTL a lot over the last few months. I still haven't beaten it but I keep coming back to fine tune my skills. It is extremely hard but that is what I expect from this type of game. I  suggest playing on EASY unless you are a very experienced player. Also, there is an option called Beacon Path Display that is really useful in planning your moves more carefully. Every bit helps. I am really looking forward to the upcoming patch with new content. Kudos to the developpers on this awesome game."
,Recommended,212680,9897662,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,waveplay,"FTL: Faster Than Light can be taken by game designers as an example of Incredibly tight design. It's a game that is in many aspects measured and very deliberately made, from the presentation to the premise to the actual gameplay mechanics."
76561198123330074,Recommended,212680,27572283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,james1gal,"Really interesting game, cool game play with lots of options for ships to play and tons of different crew and weapon configurations. Really amazing game."
76561198070857699,Recommended,212680,19950010,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Quinn Reid,This game has brought meaning to my life. It helps me understand things like religous literature. 10/10 with rice.11/10 with rice
76561198066276417,Recommended,212680,25925526,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,the cuckler,"""you see a rebel donating supplies to a civilian town""1:attack the rebel ship2:wait for them to leave to steal supplies from civilians3:leave as your not interestedi chose 2, turned out all i got was a deadly plague cure that had no use to me at all.10/10 i would take civilian death plague medicine away from them again."
,Recommended,212680,7750300,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,toasty,what a great game and theres going to be update soon and IPAD versio
76561198007350580,Recommended,212680,10535239,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tofo,"A great game, with a lot of replayability and an amazing soundtrack. The Advanced Edition also added a lot of extra content. Definitely worth picking up! Beware humanitis though, that stuff's scary."
76561198017225469,Recommended,212680,10543384,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Esrou,"Great game, lots of small things to master the game. Have played around 400 hours"
76561198057690467,Recommended,212680,10543860,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Tacoman,Addicting.....aggrivating.....and fun.
76561198036073224,Recommended,212680,10553264,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,abyss,In my opinion one of the best games of the last years and the recent update to the advanced edition has made it even better! A hard game with tons of replayability.
76561198088872898,Recommended,212680,10562959,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,[COLOR_RED]Waxy[ENDCOLOR],top notch
,Recommended,212680,9793794,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,bæst,This game is so fun if you like the look of the video on the steam page you will like it. It takes little time to get into but after that your on your way to having a great time with a great game.
,Recommended,212680,8260646,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Spooky Grandpa,Not really all that fast
,Recommended,212680,9842445,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Guy_From_Flanders,"It took me several hours before I could defeat the final ship for the first time but it didn't bother me at all. Every time, you learn a new tactic to dodge hits, take out systems, manage your crew. I already spent a good amount of hours and I haven't even unlocked all ships yet. FTL is one of the first games I bought on Steam and is absolutely a must-have game. Every play is different and you'll need to adjust your game play to the ship you've chosen. Don't be discouraged by its difficulty the first time you play. FTL will offer you countless hours of fun (and some cursing at intergalactic pirates)."
76561197992556605,Recommended,212680,9818291,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Tasty Meats,"Great game. Get it, Play it, It is awesome"
76561198041070059,Recommended,212680,9750724,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Rose,it is good
,Recommended,212680,9820363,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,yossarian hund,One of my absolute favourite games. Amazing replay value. Great mechanics which offer for extremely diverse strategies - even more so now after the free expansion.
,Recommended,212680,10791906,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Seldorn,"I love it, but also hate it..."
76561198136986731,Recommended,212680,15040267,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,sockpuppet12421,"FTL is worth playing at the price it is sold for and it has gone on sale often. It has many hours of gameplay and has a very good replay value. Music is hypnotic and fitting. Even though there is a tutorial, expect to lose many-many times on the easiest setting. Personally it takes an hour to win an entire game run with alot of luck, but that is only after 100+ hours of gameplay on easy. Most of the time a game will take 5 to 10 minutes where a cascade of bad choices turns into perma-death.Update- I voted this game for The “Test of Time” AwardThis award is for the game that is just as good today as the day you first played it. Newer games may come out, but it doesn’t matter… you’ll always come back to play this one."
,Recommended,212680,1097263,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,debatingsucks,"You choose a vessel and start off to message hq for saving the federation.An rogue like game in space. As challenging as thriving. Great concept, great music, great game."
,Recommended,212680,8917637,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,ParWarrior85,This game is the bomb! It's very unforgiving but once you learns the large variety of playstyles you should be able to survive anything FTL throws at you. Good Luck!
76561198064561318,Recommended,212680,8127692,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Darth Mantis,A very fun and chalenging space exploration game. Feels like you're actually running a spaceship and her crew. Definetly worth your time!!
,Recommended,212680,9758197,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Kittercards,"Amazing game! Fast, hardcore, fun! LOTS OF TIMES I DIED!"
76561198031262342,Recommended,212680,4046139,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,khajjah,This is not for everyone but it is amazing to me. This game recaptures what I love about gaming without sacrifing any imersion. The first time I have read  what is going on in a game from start to finish in a long time. Good luck getting that out of most of AAA titles lately.
,Recommended,212680,9737507,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Chex Mex,"This game has incredible replayability for its price. There are many random events and even after I hit the 40 hour mark I found an event that I never saw before. You should expect to play hours before you beat the boss and should expect to die a lot. If you like space and you like losing, this is the game for you."
76561198022602209,Recommended,212680,24508987,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,sunburnedslayer,Great rougue-like topdown sci-fi ship management game!Comes down to:10% skill20% luckand  70% trying over and over a hundred times!great for the little completionist in everyone!
76561198002523609,Recommended,212680,10736333,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Damned,"♥♥♥♥ YOU, MANTIS ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S! I HAD FOUR FLAK 1 CANNONS!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥T BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUULLLLSHIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIT,10/10, play almost every day.EDIT: Two and a half years later, I'm still♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off with that Mantis ship."
,Recommended,212680,10070510,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,DannySwish,"FTL is really fun. It doesn't feel very turn-based at all, which I like. The music is great, too. A lot of what happens is luck, but knowing what you're doing definitely has a huge impact on how far you'll make it. If you're thinking about it, buy it! :D"
76561198015017204,Recommended,212680,2952104,"Posted: 21 February, 2013",all,Wasted,"Very deep, best indy game of 2012 imo"
76561198027571003,Recommended,212680,9740577,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Captain Canuck,"*Including the Advanced Edition of this game.  ***EDITED November 14, 2014***I've played a multitude of rogue games, so many that maybe I could get diagnosed with PTSD from the amount of people I've commanded that have died and never come back.  But that's not the point; the point is to make a review that is suitable for game such as this.Would I recommend it to anyone who likes 8 -bit styled games or the retro nostalgia it brings?  Yes.Do I recommend it for people who like to keep their progress and their crew in one piece? No.FTL Brings us a hybrid of strategy, ( both real-time and turn based) RPG (with it's quests, plot, etc.)  and unique retro style set in an 8 bit world of scifi thriller action.It blends both resource managing and upgrading mechanics, with comedic, well-written and sometimes scary action and story.  No playthrough will ever be the same. It has tons of things to experience and the music that accompanies your crew will have you jamming out and also on the edge of your seat, awaiting the ominous ship to attack.My tip: always name the crew with monikers/nicknames that will mean something of value to you.  It makes it that much more exciting for the trip ahead.EDIT:  The new version is quite possibly the best thing that could've been added!"
76561198042394693,Recommended,212680,8256407,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Paulcheeba,"I love this game! It is super hard, brutal in its random nature and as complex as you want it to be. There are tons of options and customizability and as you unlock more of the ships available it only gets more fun. The boss battle is insanely difficult. and the best part is you can play your own way. Strategy is your friend here, and without it, you will die. Simple as that!"
76561198086458274,Recommended,212680,9713345,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,jtlenton,"A thrilling and merciless space adventure, where every 8-bit character and text-based event MEANS something. Seriously, when one of your crew die, you feel it, and with the threat of permadeath hanging over you, every click counts. Beautifully done. BUY IT NOW."
76561198201452557,Recommended,212680,25161662,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Kasanoman,I couldn't possibly bive this game more thumbs up its sooooooo awesome
76561198042324126,Recommended,212680,9905737,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,LukeNukem,It is fun.
76561198092140008,Recommended,212680,20381716,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Ziana,"One of the best games ever made, the game mechanics are awesome, the music is awe inspiring, the gameplay is thrilling and can keep you addicted for weeks. This game gives me an overwhelming sense of Nostalgia even though I've only been playing it over the last year. It touches a place in your gamer brain that not many games can."
76561198039661499,Recommended,212680,9825505,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,sinyk7,"More sleep depriving than a 9-month old teething infant. Damn you FTL, can I have some more...?Update: The free advanced edition makes this that much sweeter. Thank you FTL for the excellent game!"
76561198008369673,Recommended,212680,9746925,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Drecano,FTL: Advanced Edition is what is right with gaming today.  One hell of a free update to one hell of a good game to begin with.  Very good additions and nice extra content make for many many more hours of gameplay.  Get this game! Stop reading this review and go purchase FTL and go enjoy it...and of course get your butt kicked by it much like it does to pretty much everyone who plays it.10/10
76561198026887977,Recommended,212680,9753209,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,SledgeFox,"Best game you can buy! Hours, days, months, well endless fun.And the best soundtrack a game can get. I love the music!http://benprunty.com/Buy this game! You won't regret it! This is the best game I bought in the last 5 years."
,Recommended,212680,11146418,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Scranzy,Really challenging but a whole lot of fun
,Recommended,212680,4685999,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,AH GEEZ,Pew pew spaceships
76561198013260518,Recommended,212680,9699472,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,TheWeirdestGmr,"This game is amazing, I have yet to beat it but I find myself constantly coming back to play it.  You get to play the role of the Captain of the ship.  Don't worry about your ability to aim, just make sure you get the right crewman and the right task and they take care of the hard work.  Tell them where to aim, what course to take, and what job to fill.  You can really feel like Captain Picard, Kirk, or who ever else is your favorite star-ship captain."
,Recommended,212680,5138319,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Willy A. Jeep,"FTL: Faster Than Light.It really goes that quickly.FTL is a rogue-like type game that specializes in strategy and timing, but also features a nice story and interesting, Papers, Please type moral choices.The combat is engaging and fast, but long enough to wear you out. The player and enemies are given a wide array of different types of weapons, from basic lasers, beams, and the all-mighty Flak II cannon. Also, there are the alternative to direct wepons, drones, which attack at pre-determined times. Each kind of firearm has it's strength and weakness.You also must keep all of the systems on your space cruiser in check to mantain, well, life. Juggling power for each critical and non-critical system becomes part of the challenge, until you've really leveled everything up, and that'll take big (read: titanic) amounts of the scrap metal currency. If you've got wounded crew, you might have to cut power from weapons to heal them. If the engines are down, they'll need to be fixed quickly or risk a powerful blow to another, more important (as-if) system.The story and choices made are important, and can absoulutely make-or-break you. Find a Mantis soldier trying to run from some Engi jailors, with the offer to join your crew if you save him/her? Well, you might be in for a surprise to find out they're holding a grenade! Or, perhaps, they do join you, but now you've got the Engi to deal with. Of course, you could always just return them to the Engi... but what would happen then? This is just one of many, many encounters you'll find in FTL's sectors as you sail away from the ever-chasing, malevolent Rebel fleet with vital information for the Federation. It's tough being a little-known, underpowered pilot-and-crew with an out-dated space ship.So much more to this game, too! All the different ships, aliens, and sectors you might find are astonishing. But at this point, I have nothing more to say of FTL. Just play it, if you're into something other than straight-line FPS, RPG, or MMO games. Hell, even try it if you're not into rogue-likes. It's justreally goodamazing. Amazing!Oh, and, uh, P.S., Be prepared for that final boss. Find a groove that works, and hope it holds up. I suggest Flak canons, a teleporter, and something to defend yourself from drones. Yikes."
,Recommended,212680,7790183,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sack-of-Bonbons,"This game is the best!  Although it may be challenging at first its fun, your going to start palying this game day and night.  Also the soundtrack is AWESOME!"
,Recommended,212680,9754311,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,UltraCMD,FTL: Faster Than Light is koo game.I would buy again and again!
76561198067993674,Recommended,212680,6518244,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Josephus,It's the best star trek video game out right now
,Recommended,212680,9903756,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,TheMinilittleguy,"Awesome game. I thought it wasen't my type of game because im usually an FPS game player, but then i played this and i really liked it. If you're doubful dont be! Buy the game."
76561198104182105,Recommended,212680,9714400,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Chef Exellence,"Brilliant game. Played it loads. When you end up finishing the vanilla game, the mods add loads of extra content."
76561198057622322,Recommended,212680,10018617,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Bjørn_The_Pugilist,"FTL was always a great little Sci-Fi rouguelike, that captured the hearts and minds of gamers and youtubers across the world. With the introduction of the Advanced Edition DLC, the game has effectively breathed new life into the imaginations of gamers, and duly deserves the interest that has been re-kindled in it. Buying this game has been one of my best decisions I've made in the past few years, and I can only hope that the developer will amaze us again in the future."
76561198078366131,Recommended,212680,10840617,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,jerrylee22,"Here's a list of what this game has to offer: outstanding music, stunning visuals, random generation allows for replayability, 10 unlockable spaceships each with several different layouts -- each and every one providing for a different play style, and 8 different crew member races -- each with their own special attributes... what more do I need to convince you...?Oh, and make sure you purchase the music along with it -- you won't regret it, it's one of the best and suiting video game soundtracks to date."
,Recommended,212680,19466703,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Cynical Onyx,"This is an excellent game for those who like strategy, space and just an al round fun time playing casual games."
76561198049048575,Recommended,212680,7815489,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sam Mac,"Perfect mix of strategy outside of combat managing upgrades, sales and purchases with no idea what will be coming next combined with fast paced combat that I will personally guarentee will have you screaming at your screen in rage and fustration when you make the mistake of underestimating the computer, reguardless how armed to the teeth you are.  If you like rouge-likes that don't rely on split second reflexes but instead make sure that you can (almost) always blame yourself for your failure and not some cheap trick that you had no chance of surviveing then I cannot recomend this enough.  Full runs (start to death or failure) can last anywhere between 2 minutes to about 45 minutes but the sheer combinations of possibilitys meant that I once played for 2 hours straight and was not in the same situation twice. Battles last less time than to cook a smoked sausage (usually) so quick bouts are more than resonable.  Overall I cannot recomend this game enough, tons of content for the sizer and way more playtime than its pricetag suggests.  Edit: Using the Captains Edition modpack adds inumerous extra scenarios and hours, even more value!"
,Recommended,212680,19626234,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Emblem,♥♥♥♥ that boss thou
,Recommended,212680,407851,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,Unzen,"This takes me back to games similar to SSI's 'Renegade Legion:Interceptor' from the late 80's, where control, defense and preservation of your ship was paramount and the core component of the game.FTL is a basic looking, but fun game of sending your spaceship across a space 'map' - whilst battling enemies along the way, upgrading your ship and carrying out repairs. Even going as far as to repel enemy boarding parties - all while the Rebel fleet continues to hunt you down across the map.It's simple, addictive and actually a lot of fun. The one slight issue I have is that even the Easiest setting, isn't that easy. You have the compulsion to rush from one side of your sector to the exit point in the most direct route possible - in order to evade the Rebels. But in doing so, you miss out on experience for your crew, upgrades and rewards from battles won. Rush ahead too quickly and the opposition crushes you with little effort.A Super Easy patch would make this even better! 7.5/10"
,Recommended,212680,4218470,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Youhavemyaxe,"It is a ship simulator roguelike.  What is not to love?  If you like roguelikes or are a Trekkie/Firefly fan, you owe it to yourself to give this game the shot it deserves"
,Recommended,212680,11190329,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,💠💎I am Setsuna💎💠,10/10 will play over and over agian
,Recommended,212680,9753795,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Libxi,"FTL: Faster Than Light has to be my favourite indie real-time strategy game I have ever played.It has the effect of wanting to play more and more because of the features in the game which allow for mass re-playability. Countless possibilities of what could happen as there's so many different events which can happen, so you will never have the same gaming experience twice.The HUD and UI etc is very clean and easy to use, along with a very nice ""space"" feel to suit. Hotkeys are present if, like me, you enjoy going through the game at speed. However I would recommened against this as reading all of the events which pop may prove useful to you and your crew, or lead you into a death trap - again making you want to play even more to try and get out of that tight situation.With FTL: Faster Than Light being very cheap to pick up here on Steam I would say you're getting a bargain, along with a free ""Advanced Edition"" [AE] for everyone with the game, with no catches; requisites or bugs.(If you are unsure of what is available in the base game, I would do some reasearch if you're at all interested!)The [AE] includes a new ship which features a new race called the ""Lanius"" (a force to definitely not to be reckoned with). The Lanius are able to survive without the aid of oxygen (how neat!) meaning that engaging in melee combat with these fiercesome foes may prove to be a bit tougher than you assumed.The [AE] also come with three new upgrades for your ship, a Battery, which supplies you with reactor power for a limited time, a Mind Control system which allows you you take control and a hostile for a period of time (pretty self explanatory, eh?) and a Hacking device, allowing you to drain the power output of a system on your enemy's ship!The [AE] also supplies you with some aethestetic touchs too, such as new soundtracks and background during your pillaging. Along with that it also adds a third variation of all the ships! (Excluding the Lanius cruiser and Crystal Cruiser) Allowing you to have a much more challenging plight across the galaxy, as their loadouts and crew members change once again. If that wasn't enough there is now also a ""Hard"" mode! (Like ""Normal"" wasn't hard enough!) Letting you take that one extra step to see you really can best the Rebels.If you think the ""Advanced Edition"" is not your thing, then it is very easy to disable it and play as you would in the past. This just eliminates everything that comes with the [AE].If I have not won you over entirely however you're slightly interested I would recommened going over to YouTube and watching some Let's Plays of FTL: Faster Than Light, so you are able to see what this is all about in front of you.(Some YouTubers I would recommened are: Northernlion or MaskedGamer).""Good luck, Commander!"""
76561198025335556,Recommended,212680,25506261,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,Ratt,"I just spilled my heart out for Hand of Fate, so I have nothing here for right now, but it occurred to me while doing that that I haven't given this piece of gold the upboat it deserves. I'll edit this with a proper few paragraphs of praise later."
,Recommended,212680,2493808,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,Mr.Johno,"This game is alright, but it is incredibly hard and i beleive it is over rated. To get to the end, you need to be very lucky and very patient, pressing space every couple of seconds to turn things on and off."
76561198026329509,Recommended,212680,7746167,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,EpicApotheosis,A very fun and addictive game. Two Thumbs up!
,Recommended,212680,24248304,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,SgtSpamCan,"Cute, challenging, and fun!It's really hard to get through without finding where the save game lives and making a periodic backup, because boy, one wrong move and you're wrecked."
,Recommended,212680,514349,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Renesco,"This game is seriously addictive, it's loads of fun, little spaceship adventure game with randomly generated encounters. Highly recommended been playing it non-stop since I bought it."
76561198042331881,Recommended,212680,8783288,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,XXChronoshiftXX,"Excellent, original, and like nothing you will ever play! Give it a go and let your geek within live!"
,Recommended,212680,8196503,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Warden Gaming,"F.T.L. Is an extremely accomplished roguelike spaceship simulator in which you will die horribly over and over again.  Normally this wouldn't be a positive but the finite nature and probability of your eventual demise makes the game thoroughly addictive & incredibly satisfying.  When you eventually 'beat' the game after what will be many attempts (on easy) you'll be jumping around the room with joy.  You'd be hard pressed to find faults.  The aesthetic of this game satisfies any desire for increased graphical fidelity, it looks exactly as it should.My only gripe is that as an indie title (the game is actually one of the first big success stories of the kickstarter scene) the game is somewhat limited in scope and therefore repetitive.  You'll start to see the same 'events' reoccur through your multiple playthroughs.  However, this is an issue that is set to be addressed.The game is set to have a very big FREE patch/expansion intergrated into the game in the early part of 2014.  The content of which is set to only make an already critically acclaimed indie success story even better.  Even if this game isn't on sale (which it often is) I would recommend wholeheartedly."
76561198005405106,Recommended,212680,2300649,"Posted: 30 September, 2012",all,Walter Matthau,Indie game of the year. INCREDIBLY addictive.  I like to narrate my commands as Captain Picard.  My neighbors must be freaked out that I'm constantly screaming ENGAGE.
,Recommended,212680,31252533,Posted: 20 April,all,Palpz,"Rogue-likes in space!Honestly, this is a very well crafted game. The random number gen aspect of the game throws just enough variability into the mix in order to keep everyone on their toes;an approach that worked well for one run may not pan out for another. The combat is fun; there's often quite a lot going on and a lot of different approaches which can be taken in order to succeed or die trying.The non-combat encounters, with the system of unlocking ""bonus"" options based upon the race of your crew, your equipment, etc, that all works quite well together with the overarching requirement to upgrade your craft.All in all, it seems like a very nice blend of Star Trek, nethack, and Dwarf Fortress. Replay-ability up the ying-yang."
,Recommended,212680,9760461,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Strider,"FTL just got better with the freeAdvanced Editionupdate and you really should be playing now that it's out.Remember playing as with the Kestrel and throwing all those missiles but you just end up sitting on a huge pile of unused drone parts? Hacking is a worthwhile and powerful way to use those things! Why target their shields when you can just hack them?Tired of losing your crew to seemingly luck of the draw scenarios like astreroid spiders? Install a clone bay and throw caution to the wind! Send them to dilapidated mining structures! Plague ridden colonies! Mantis interceptors! Send them to repair oxygenless hull breaches!And mind control. I mean, do I really need to explain mind control? And these are just the new things added to FTL. Every hopeless adventure to the ends of space is a unique story just waiting for a spectacular failure that is oozing with emergent storytelling.Like the story of how a two man crew overcame a four mantis boarding crew by venting the whole ship of oxygen and hoping that their cloning bay would keep working past their normal mortal coil."
,Recommended,212680,32701600,Posted: 23 June,all,The Pepe in the hat,Ez.
,Recommended,212680,32660894,Posted: 22 June,all,Madhatter7895,"One of the few games I have played that has casued me to rage quit close the game and they reopen it to try agian all within 30 seconds. This game is unforgivving but amazing, worth buying."
,Recommended,212680,10717792,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Wally the Walrus,"really fun, full of suprises"
76561198049568628,Recommended,212680,5425630,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,DeesDonuts,More fun than eating your own♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,212680,9976630,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Daddy,Great ammount of fun due to the random generation and will always provide you with some sort of challenge.
76561198074633262,Recommended,212680,7901930,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Spoons,"srsly, it's super good"
,Recommended,212680,10536670,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Hugsferever,"This gam it is a lot of fun and it can be veru difficult. Be warned though it can be very unforgiving, but when you succeed it is great! Each ship makes you have to play the game in a different way and the varying systems allow for victory in variety of ways."
76561198062456781,Recommended,212680,10538099,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,JcK,bra strategi spel
,Recommended,212680,6611767,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,samwise,great space game!
76561197990900490,Recommended,212680,11108689,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Unabatedtuna,Very Good
,Recommended,212680,9086605,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,verbal007,"Purchased FTL based on friend's recommendations. I know it's not the prettiest game around, but I've heard it's particularly addicting. A few months after purchasing I finally installed it and...  OH MY, so addicting. I've lost track of the number of times I sat back after a defeat...  not angry, but feeling fulfilled. So many very clever mechanics that I've not ever experienced in any other game.  So *this* is what it's like to crew up a ship and take it into the unknown.  I'm in."
,Recommended,212680,10506539,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,DocBandam,Stealth ship is pretty much the best.10/10
76561197995267503,Recommended,212680,10569520,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Sevvillian,"Excellent way to pass some time. My only complaint would be to make the game stretch through more zones, so that you have more time to build up strength before the end."
,Recommended,212680,27352332,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,HumansAreCommonAndUninteresting.,Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting. Humans are common and uninteresting.
,Recommended,212680,32604610,Posted: 20 June,all,scottned,"This game took awhile to get used to, but it became my favorite for quite awhile.  It's still somewhat puzzling why I enjoy it so much.  I think it's a combination of the strategic play that changes every game based on what random drops you get and the simple yet tactical feel of each encounter."
,Recommended,212680,28912582,Posted: 1 January,all,MysticAlloy2004,"this game is good even when you lose over and over again because it has different elements,playstyles ect. but each time you learn about the game. what is really hard to make in games is a good pace,variety,uniqueness and content. this game got all of  it. i mystelf havent completed it but im still having fun!"
,Recommended,212680,32875631,Posted: 27 June,all,Linduri,"Fantastic game. Well finished, totally replayble and gives you something very different every time."
76561198024969555,Recommended,212680,27335773,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bassboneheath,"I love this game.  I come back to it from time to time.  I fail miserably.  I enjoy the failure way too much.  And the rare times I've won?  True sense of accomplishment.  And then I try it again.  And fail miserably.  A little frustrating, sure, but that's the whole point.  It means something when I actually succeed."
76561198182692013,Recommended,212680,14848103,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,TheWatcher,Bought the game.Played it for 300hrs.Bought a 300.- laptop.New steam account.Bought FTL again.Now i can play it anywhere anytime.
76561198059877525,Recommended,212680,20900211,"Posted: 1 February, 2016",all,Yilo,"Very recommend. Especially with captains edition and endless mods.Gameplay is all about organizing crew between different ship systems and destroying other ships. All other content and what minor story the game has is text only and once youve played enough you'll probably immediately skip every text box for the battles. Battles involve timing the charges on each weapon to get through sheilds while repairing damage your own ship takes. The game is extremely hard, making victories and the unlock progression very rewarding."
,Recommended,212680,10083322,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,mckinst87,"Psychic Space Slugs destroyed my first three ships, plague and some pirates the next two, finally I made it to my destination and with the help of some friendly robots met along the way I took part in a battle can only be compared to a wrestling match between Bill Goldberg and Scotty 2 Hotty during that era when wrestling was fun, cool and incredibly offensive to anyone over 18 (I wasn't over 18 at the time so loved it till my mother cut off my pocket money for telling her to shut her mouth and know her role).There's something about FTL that keeps you coming back, no two playthroughs are the same (no matter how hard you try and make it so) and with the new updates a whole bunch of new toys just crash landed on your lap for free.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=em3doRZ5aeU"
76561198041425592,Recommended,212680,32904611,Posted: 27 June,all,Aelghar,"One of the best games I've played lately !You start the game as a generic ship, traveling through waypoints searching for loot and escaping the fleet.Gather weapons,drones and systems to help you get further and maybe kill the fleet leader.The most fun I've had in this game was from the mantis A ship.Their boarding ability is just superb.Also, people who don't like fleet (Not me *cough*) can install a lil' mod that disables it, making it much easier to learn the basic."
76561198035664534,Recommended,212680,32904171,Posted: 27 June,all,ShaZaman66,"Good game for when you might not have more than 30 minutes to play. Difficult, but rewarding."
,Recommended,212680,23765080,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Jaqen H'ghar,price/performance - 10/10
,Recommended,212680,23767220,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Caboose,"My most played game. Really cemented the roguelike genre for me, as it's really really replayable, and brutally unforgiving at first. I remember, I think it took me 36 hours of playtime before i beat the game once. 36 HOURS! That's more than I put into most games fully! And it's super cheap. HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMMEND!"
76561198142271423,Recommended,212680,23766131,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,qigge5,"One of my friends first got me into this game, teaching me how to play as I went- managing fuel, health, good weapons to buy, etc. He had never beaten the game, but still loved it (yes, this is that good of a game). To farther upset my friend, I beat the game my first play through, luckily our friendship survived. This was my first steam game, and still my favorite. Don't be like me and upset your friend- buy this game now, so you don't make anyone mad.10/10 recommend."
,Recommended,212680,23770446,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kongwars,You love space games? But you would also like a challenging strategy game? Then you must buy this game because FTL offers you them both and it's awesome! 10/10 for Rogue-like
,Recommended,212680,462962,"Posted: 17 October, 2012",all,//OTCH// JackBurtonn ©,This is a real GEM.  I haven't been this sucked into a game since the original X-Com and Star Control 2 days.  I can't recommend FTL enough!  Support these guys!
,Recommended,212680,7985251,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Xafron Chi 宁 静,"Fun little game!  Fairly inexpensive.  I THINK the maps are randomly generated, giving a more unique playthrough each time.  Travel through space running from impending doom, while recruiting allies of different races to join you on your ship, upgrading your ship, fighting enemies, and saving the innocent as you go.  Unlock new ships as you play.Pretty fun, pretty challenging."
,Recommended,212680,635986,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Ocean,"It may be a basic game, but this game is very challanging. a must have for space ship fighting and control nuts."
,Recommended,212680,10050109,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Nobu,"This game is great, a breakthrough in lightweight semi-Roguelikes. Please play it."
76561197979958388,Recommended,212680,13982864,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,fozzo80,"this really is a great game, its design and gameplay are top quality and i can just keep on playing over and over again and each game will have its own challenges.highly recommend."
,Recommended,212680,32815296,Posted: 26 June,all,Boshop,"Do you like Oregon Trail and space? Then you wont enjoy this game, because it hates you and everything you've ever stood for."
,Recommended,212680,8446195,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Baert Sampsin,"Surprisingly addictive, difficult game. A lot of unlockables add to the replay value. Definintely worth a purchase!"
,Recommended,212680,8460229,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Noremac 死神,I love this game it amazing it worth every little peny
,Recommended,212680,8512133,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,thomasdouglas,"FTL is a mixture of emotions, happiness, loss, sorrow. You will get so drawn into the game that when that one missile pierces your shields and blows up your ship, your life feels like it has no meaning. I will always recommend this to a friend as it is a great mixture of game types."
,Recommended,212680,8680959,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Emerald,"This game is awesome, period. random encounters, multiple ships and upgrades, different systems and conditions. If your a fan of sci-fi games you should check this one out."
,Recommended,212680,8601145,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Zrais,"FTL is a cruel, hateful, evil game. I love it. Go play it."
,Recommended,212680,7999123,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Trentwt,"I recently bought this game, and it is really addicting. I love the increasing difficulty, and when I want to rip my hair out after an Energy Fighter kills me.I really like how some enemies can teleport onto your ship, and it adds a certain twist to battles when you are least expecting it.I definitely recommend this game for players that want a challenge, and that like being able to understand a game really fast, instead of going through hour tutorials.I like how you can buy new heavy duty weapons, how you can increase stats from faster heal speed to more reactor power, and I really like the soundtrack, as I think it sounds amazingly cool.Overall, I give this game a review of 10/10, as I would not change anything about this game, well, unless the developer can somehow manage to make it even better, which in that case, great!"
76561197997398676,Recommended,212680,8703352,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Kakalakens,Best space adventure I have ever played. Who needs the 'new' generation?
,Recommended,212680,1090823,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Insomnia509,"FTL is probably going to go down as my favorite indie game of 2012. Almost a perfect combination of Master of Orion, Star Control, and the essence of Star Trek, FTL is a DOS-style space ""exploration"" game where you control one ship and its crew, as you try to outrun the persuing enemy force on your way to your home system to deliver vital info (which triggers the final series of boss battles). Along the way there are many different random encounters, most being some kind of ship-to-ship combat. You find new equipment and crew members to outfit your ship, and eventually you unlock new ships and outfits for ships as you play through the game. A few words of warning however: FTL is crazy-addictive, you'll find yourself playing until sunrise if not careful; also FTL does not have a save/load feature that allows you to turn back time - your decisions matter and a few bad choices will quickly spiral into your ship, crew, and the entire mission being lost. Overall 10/10."
76561197970848181,Recommended,212680,8616328,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Morros,"I love this game, but it also frustrates me..."
,Recommended,212680,8395928,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,GreenChoc,"FTL is all about stories and impossible situations. Low on health? Survive five more jumps with lots and lots of close calls. Having the perfect ship? Die by the hand of a single enemy within thirty seconds. This unpredictable nature is what makes FTL interesting, even after hours and hours of playing. You will name ships after the captain of a glorious run, hoping it will bring luck to your new crew. You will spend hours reading absurd stories by other players. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212680,8291922,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Softpaws,"This game is so fun and addictive, but yet it's so complete ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t!! The end boss is completely unbeatable. Fk this game! I hate it so much...but I keep coming bakc to play it more, just to die to the BS again and again...why!!!!??"
,Recommended,212680,8281583,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Bag,it will make you feel like a space captain. play it
,Recommended,212680,8423741,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I <3 8====D,Get itOr I will kill tou
76561197975859215,Recommended,212680,8445855,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,spike8760,"Stupidly addicting game, check out the mods for it after playing through it once."
76561198054741016,Recommended,212680,8482766,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,digitaldalby,A brilliant game i find it really addictive to try again if you die
76561198006754327,Recommended,212680,8337400,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Fabness,"It a hidden gem. One of the best Indies games around. The ""No Save Game"" gameplay put you on the edge as every decision you made counted (and make you curse at your luck)."
76561197995273194,Recommended,212680,8432165,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Maeric,This is a really fun game and a game that has a lot of potential for fun dynamics.  It's music and graphics are a head nod to the old school generation while still feeling fresh and fun.  I really wish you could have an in game save just in case the power went out or something but I realize the developers thought not to include this to increase the difficulty.  Let me tell you this game is hard.  Not hard to learn but hard to beat.  Lots of strategy and quick thinking involved.  I really think this game has a lot more potential than just what we see here now.  I hope they make a sequal and incorporate it into a game like Master of Orion.
76561198059394811,Recommended,212680,8512684,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,richifie,"The best RTS I've ever played. It was so good, I actually bought it, rather than pirating ;)But seriously, amazing."
,Recommended,212680,8408592,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,kingpin,"Great game, tons of replayability!"
76561198004887610,Recommended,212680,8515018,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,thisisntadam,Fun game
,Recommended,212680,6358377,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Delta.exe,"15 attempts,12 hours and one victory! That was just the easy mode.... Faster than light is a game where you can choose your ship, train your crew and build it to be the best it can before it is boarded by angry bug men and has enough holes in it to make the titanic look like it had a grazed knee. It is a superb experience for both the dedicated and the more casual and a must have for every gamer."
,Recommended,212680,8500240,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Bremlo,yes
,Recommended,212680,8525441,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Xepher,Way more addictive than such a small collection of pixels has any right to be. Will drive you crazy. Will keep you up at night.
76561198042513315,Recommended,212680,8518257,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,jmink,Chaotic fun. This is a simple yet very intense game that requires your full attention.
,Recommended,212680,8528118,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,DucksEatFreeAtSubway,Induces much rage quit. Still awesome.
,Recommended,212680,8521328,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,CrinSai,Short yet addicting game.
76561198028778610,Recommended,212680,10738456,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Jolobrolo,"I looooooveeee this game. So much fun. So much content. Such a large amount of re-playablitiy without making it boring. Very hard to master. Took me many many runs to beat this game on easy, then about 10 times more runs to beat it on normal. Still havent tried to beat it on hard mode since Advanced Edition."
,Recommended,212680,5918768,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,Dr. SodlidDesu Bringus,"This game is beyond amazing. Fun and challenging. Beyond any of my expectations, and I still can't even win on Easy."
,Recommended,212680,10723073,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,irish_pirate,Truly one of the greatest indie games of steam.
76561198044435446,Recommended,212680,10578279,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Piginabag,its good
,Recommended,212680,419270,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,Zombie Jesus,Epic levels of fun.
76561198014800128,Recommended,212680,10682202,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DiscipleOfSmug,"I wasn't sure, I'd like this game as it appeared to be turn based. But it turns out, thisis not out of format, but necessity! There is always a lot going on, even on easy, and the difficulty is neatly balanced. All in all, pick it up when you feel the price is right, they have added new content to expand the experience."
76561198031384116,Recommended,212680,10747292,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,yellowbullet100,"This game is phenomenal.  It require stratagy and planning, but allows you to pause time to figure things out. It's well balanced, and alot of fun.  Since it proceduraly generated, it offers many hours of gameplay. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,7756126,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Ryan the Temp,"An amazing space exploration borderline-simulator. Endless hours of playtime, with 9 different ships to play through the game with, each with 2 different layouts. A true gem in the sea of indie games."
,Recommended,212680,10841009,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Roobin13,This is one of those games that treats you badly but you love it. I enjoyed this game so much that after *cough* testing it i decided to buy it on steam. One thing though (i just beat the boss today) the feeling you get after dieing so much then finally killing that last boss....PRICELESS.
76561198123530546,Recommended,212680,11077437,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Mondeobob,"Frustrating as hell, But still one of the best games I have played for a while. WELL WORTH GETTING"
76561198035396744,Recommended,212680,11049353,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Caffiene,"Basically like Oregon Trail with a neat space battle setup. It's one of those games that's got a lot going on, but is simple enough to just have up in the background to play while waiting on hold during a call. Lots of ships, there are mods for more, and a great atmosphere, no pun intended. The music is fantastic in terms of mood, and AE came out for free, which added a lot of goodies. The only complaints I had really are the Typa A Rock Cruiser, and Type Cs o almost everything else, many of which take odd routes, as they should to be unique, and take a bit of luck to have a chance. The Stealth C, for example, is a stealth ship without stealth. Anyway, can't complain about free DLC, I suppose. It's a great game, and has a lote more to it than it would seem."
76561198057737215,Recommended,212680,6038098,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,Bob Saget,My new addiction
,Recommended,212680,10756871,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheOldSchoolGamer,"This game is simply pheonominal. I can't say enough good about it. I can't say /anything/ bad about it.  I call it the ""star trek simulator"". Voyager in particular. You're out in space, meeting races (and attacking most of them).  It's, again, pheonominal. Buy this game full price. If you can handle many things happening at once, like sci-fi and strategy...you're golden. 20/10."
,Recommended,212680,10985740,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,waffle64,Awesome! Great soundtrack!!!
,Recommended,212680,2874181,"Posted: 12 November, 2012",all,ArmoredDuckie,"Got it for  bucks and its a great deal, allready put 20+ hours into it. if your a big fan of sci-fi  or wanted to pilot your own ship this game is for youits a bit of your favorite sci fi shows like firefly or starwars or star treck. mixed in with a bit of a choose your own adventure book.more ship unlocks and challenging gameplay this game is fantastic!"
,Recommended,212680,10432654,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Empty,"Interesting game I like it a lot, the only thing I would have liked to see is open world (space) exploration and less on a linar path.I imagine the next FTL game will blow us away!"
,Recommended,212680,12568093,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Sherlock,"Its a great game , lots of choices and a range of enemys you'll never get bored . But watch out.... Make sure you have oxygen !!"
76561197997082990,Recommended,212680,28964761,Posted: 2 January,all,Hecate II,Tough as nails 2D spaceship survival game. Reminds me of Out There only FTL focuses on combat. Randomly generated enviornments/encounters makes for high replayability. I've made it to the end once and I dont know how youre supposed to beat that guy! 10/10
76561198055981159,Recommended,212680,11327026,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,❮❮❮grey❯❯❯,YES
76561198044259259,Recommended,212680,11569922,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,White Dragon,FTL....Until you're on the enemies ship and it goes away with you on it you don't understand the meaning of FTL..♥♥♥♥ed Then Lost... Addictive game 10/10
,Recommended,212680,11590860,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Towelie,"It's all here: ship teleporters, targeting individual systems, power management, crew management, crew experience, decisionmaking and hidden options based on equipment, crew or ship system levels. Games are completed in a few hours, but the replay value is great: Unlock additional ships and ship layouts. Try to find and complete the hidden ship unlock missions.And when you're done with all that you can activate Advanced Edition content which adds mind control, cloning, hacking, new weapons, a new race and a new ship!"
76561198165276013,Recommended,212680,13856192,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,TheBarrel,greaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa- hard.. it's hard
,Recommended,212680,15633097,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,tarragonable,"Let me sum up this game by regailing you with the time I /nearly/ won.Set the scene - Using the Kestrel, full health, five crew, three weapons (same laser, upgraded missiles and I think a fire beam), and three shields.Come up against the Flagship. Straightaway, it locks a hacking system straight onto my O2 system. Well ####. I try to fire missiles on the hacking system but have to divert to knocking out shields and weapons to try and preserve my health.I'm getting beat up badly, hull is down to half, but so is the Flagship! I had shields damaged and a couple weapons knocked out, but not the ####### hacking system. My O2 system is in a bad way, repeated hackings with an obviously upgraded system has pretty much rendered my ship uninhabitable.Pilot suffocates in his chair, engines and wepons are left unmanned. My two surviving crew *just* make it to the medbay and manage to stay alive with about 5 health each. Like that, I manage to stave off the assault and actually make serious headway damaging the ship! I'm not losing much hull, my shields are holding, missiles are missing my vital systems... Five hull left on the Flagship... Three hull left... Two left...Suddenly, a missile hits the medbay and kills the remaining two crew. Game over. #### it all.Have not won once. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,9995742,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Obi Tamatea,it is a good game
,Recommended,212680,12629381,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Will,"F**K!!! Everything is brokenF*****K!!!!! There's no oxygenF******K!!!!!!!!!, well that's me goneFTL in a nut shellAn amazing real-time strategy space game. 10/10 also it runs on a potato"
,Recommended,212680,12519797,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,pearlpied,"You know what I like? Puzzle games. You know what I like more than puzzle games? Rogue-like/lite games. You know what I like more than rogue-likes? Strategy games. You know what I like more than rogue-likes, strategy and puzzle games? All three combined.Those frantic questions of ""Should I put out the fires or repair the engines?"" ""Do I take out their shields and engines, or their shields and life support?(assuming the weapons are already down)"" And my personal favorite, ""Defend or board?DEFEND OR BOARD?!"" The answers? That's up to your playstyle.FTL is a fun and humourous(to me) game with addictive gameplay, where playthroughs can run from a glorious hour long killing spree to a pathetic three minutes of cowering. Choose your crew, vessel and arsenal wisely, because you never know when you'll be caught without shields in an asteroid field. 9/10, would fly into a sun again."
,Recommended,212680,12413454,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,ReGG,"This game is absoutely superb. It may not look it, but this is one of the most addicting games ever! I have played it through 124 times and won it 5 times. And that was on easy. This is a game for people who like challenges. Even if you don't like Sci-Fi, this game will win you over. Even without mods. For more on those and lots more videos about FTL, visit the Official RandomEpicGuy channel on YouTube."
,Recommended,212680,10894993,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Distilled_Gravy,"I really am enjoying FTL so far. At first I was worried it would not appeal to me but I was totally wronge. This game is very fun and addictive, but it is also VERY challenging. I find myself dying frequently but wanting to start all over again each time. There is alot of random elements and unlocks to the game so it has emense replay value for sure. I found that I surprisingly got very attached to the spacemen in my ship, it is sad to go so far with a man only to have him killed by a fire, intruder, or airlock malfunction. I recomend it to rouge-like fans and strategy fans. 8/10"
76561198077995131,Recommended,212680,10700856,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ponca_ndn,I shot out the enemies oxygen systems. This game takes my breath away.
,Recommended,212680,10718716,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Scelest,"Fun, managing space ship game. Combat is easy to pick up, but there's some depth and complexity to it (disable shields before attacking guns or enging, destroying oxygen generating life support before breaching the enemy hull and/or setting fire to it). End game is tough, cool unlockables, many different variations and configurations of ships. Pretty decent replayability."
,Recommended,212680,10730059,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Azure,Great game.Well executed.
,Recommended,212680,10783943,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sink,Super fun.
,Recommended,212680,10851127,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Douche Feet,Shakespearian randomness.
,Recommended,212680,13109050,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Unemployed,GOD THIS GAME IS HARD420/69 WOULD DIE AGAIN(p.s. giant spiders are no joke)
,Recommended,212680,13326815,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Steejen,"People who shouldn't buy this game:-People who moan when a game is harder than Point Gun Shoot Head-People who hate losing-People who can't appreciate the novelty in losing despite making all the right decisions-People who hate learning-People who don't like space (we'll be living there someday whether you like it or not, but fine, I won't save a seat for you)-People who don't like video games-People who don't like music-People who didn't have childhoods-Babies (babies haven't had childhoods yet)If nothing on this list describes you, then you're doing yourself a disservice by not buying this game and playing it until you know it like the back of your hand, and you still drink in every gloriously bitter defeat, knowing it will only make your victories that much sweeter. Until you find yourself unable to enjoy the latest $60 AAA title because it gives you a finite experience. Until you are telling stories around the campfire about the time you beamed your friends to the enemy ship, only for it to blast off with them still aboard. I wonder what they're doing now. Maybe they were cornered and killed. Or maybe they surrendered and were given new lives on a distant planet, where to this day they still look up at the stars, wondering if I made it.I didn't. I got blown up because I was down two crewmembers and there was fire everywhere. They'll see the light from the explosion in 4,000 years, if they squint hard enough."
,Recommended,212680,33510164,Posted: 13 July,all,svansloot,"Although the game sadly does not play at speeds faster than light, i can give it a pass on its star trek/war vibes with intense and strategic gameplay."
,Recommended,212680,2572540,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Torky,"This game is an evil, sadistical, unforgiving monster, who's only intention is destroy everything you ever build and rip away all, if any, accomplishments that you are barely able to achieve. 10/10 best game ever."
,Recommended,212680,7779988,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,A Spooky Dog,"It'll start off small. You'll say, ""Hey, this is a fun little game! I've got a pretty good strategy going, surely I'll win this time. Oh. Oh, I died horribly. Well, I'll just try one more time.""Then you'll unlock better ships. You'll say, ""I'll have better luck with this ship, surely. Look at all of those things it has! It's even oddly shaped! Nothing beats oddly-shaped spaceships.""Then you'll beat the game. You'll say, ""Finally, I did it. I can put this game to rest.""But you won't. You'll keep playing. You'll keep trying to unlock that Crystal Ship, and you never will. When you do, I advise you to play the lottery on the same day, possibly within the same hour, cause it requires a lot of luck.Anyway this game is a lot of fun and the time you spent reading this should have been spent downloading the game."
,Recommended,212680,10440435,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,fox,"I brought 4 beam weapons to a fight with the flagship.10/10, would be smart again."
,Recommended,212680,25587249,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Meat&Bones,"Endlessly enjoyable and replayable, if the graphics, the music, the trailer, have in any way piqued your interest, just go ahead and buy this. You will not regret it.FTL is a space exploration and combat game where you pilot a small ship and a changing grew of various races across star systems in a desperate race against time. You have to keep moving, keep your ship powered and repaired, and make it to the end. Along the way you are hunted by a much larger army, always just behind you, and you will encounter strange people and situations that can help or cost you.It looks and sounds gorgeous, it is fun to play.Any complaints I had about the game were removed by the last free update the creator put out (for Free!)."
,Recommended,212680,10082991,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,SammyTheSqouse,Good game/10
76561197971532050,Recommended,212680,523553,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Conditional Love,Roguelike spaceship command game. A lot of fun until you fail. If you want to beat the game and your highscores then FTL is slightly addictive. The randomness of your success does become frustrating after awhile.
76561198077408390,Recommended,212680,8986684,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Team Forward Toilet Roll?,Epic game
,Recommended,212680,10281064,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DPM JaMaN,Brilliant game! Simulator+RTS+TBS+RPG+Adventure+Roguelike = Faster Than Light.
,Recommended,212680,24541,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Cynagen (58/300β),"Addictive, even if you don't win, you'll be coming back to TRY to win. Expect no mercy, even on easy."
,Recommended,212680,74555,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Toxic League,"The gameplay of FTL is pretty simplistic. Pilot a ship through a deep space obstacle course to evade the rebels, manage a few upgrades, and defeat the boss flagship. The game offers a small amount of strategy and a significant amount of luck. The randomness of each game makes it feel familiar, but not stale. I'm finding it quite hard to beat which makes it that much more addicting because it's so fun trying. The RTS battle system is done quite well and is pause-able so even turn-based strategists can feel right at home.I recall someone comparing FTL to The Binding of Issac which is a pretty accurate assessment. Each game is its own story. You have a handful of characters/ships to control, rooms/systems & pickups/upgrades are random, and plenty of unlocks as you play more. One nice feature of FTL is the ability to save mid-game and come back later, since games may span a few hours, instead of ~45 minutes with Isaac.No doubt about it, FTL is a fun game."
,Recommended,212680,9821638,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ruwen [I'm ONLINE],"FTL Is absolutely one of the best game I have ever played. I may not have played it as much as other games I own such as L4d2 or Killing Floor or Civ 5 but it is probably one of my most played Single player games. The gameplay is fantastic and the soundtrack is one of the best I've had the pleasure of listening too. 5/5, 10/10 Get it and try it out!"
76561198038660269,Recommended,212680,9824409,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,mickthathick,"Amazing game, can get frustrating at times as death comes quickly and without warning!FTL just so much depth and offers so much choice in how you play, and is easy to pick up and play for 10 mins when you have a chance.And you get a free expansion!  100 thumbs up, big thank yous for the team behind this game."
76561198015197387,Recommended,212680,10543849,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,starfoxsonic,Probally one of my favorite games on steam. While a lot may feel like luck at first i have found that no matter how bad your situation is you can still be a better captian to get out of it! Thats part of what it makes it so addicting!! it is hours upon hours of endless entertainment
,Recommended,212680,7761638,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Digital Hero,Rogue space simulation game with a harsh difficulty and an amazing soundtrack. Tons of unlockables. I would recommend this to anyone!
76561197981771660,Recommended,212680,9169352,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,El Rey,Hard but awesome.
,Recommended,212680,9899538,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Jelglu,"Before we start this review I'd like to say that having FTL in the title mislead me into this purchase. (I thought that this game would involve the famous internet meme ""For the Loss"".)The game involve's ""space stations"".. What is this? Some sort of fantasy book. For one having this is completely irrelevant to the games main purpose. The game has worse controls than Crazy Taxi for the PS1. ""Use the mouse to move"" what is this some sort of 1990 Pong game.For me this game was totally worth 49 pence.PS. I think the game developers are racist"
76561198006987942,Recommended,212680,9919979,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Fretty,"Full Review (with pictures and rating):http://www.gamingv2.com/2014/04/24/review-ftl-advanced-edition/Gaming V2 Review - FTL Advanced EditionRating: 9/10Back in September 2012 Gaming V2 was not covering PC games, and as such we did not talk about the fantastic indie title, FTL (Faster Than Light) by the two man team at Subset Games.  Exceeding their Kickstarter goal of $10,000 by an insane $190,000 for a whopping total of over $200,000 when all was said and done, FTL was given the chance to really become something great, and back in 2012, it proved the faith people had shown it was well placed and well deserved.  I openly admitted that had GV2 covered PC games back then, FTL would easily have been in contention for my personal game of the year for 2012, and that’s saying a lot when it would be running against titles like Mass Effect 3, Far Cry 3, Dishonored, The Walking Dead Game, Mark of the Ninja and many more.Now, in April 2014, Subset games released their first full blown content update that contained so much new material they even gave FTL the new name of “FTL Advanced Edition”, which also saw the release of the game on the iPad as well.  Included in this massive update are new ship layouts, new equipment, ship upgrades, a new race, a plethora of new side missions and a new hard mode if you feel like torturing yourself.FTL was known for being great at offering you a unique experience every time you booted it up.  No play through was the same as any prior to it.  Now with all the new side missions, ship layouts, the new race and the new equipment and upgrades, this just ensures that you will never know what’s to come, and you will love it for that.  Obviously the typical strategies are still there, but with the addition of neat new upgrades like hacking, which allows you to disable enemy systems for lengthy periods of time, a cloning bay that will allow your dead crew to come back to life at a somewhat lessened skill level, or the awesome mind control that allows you to take over enemy crew members and have them work against their own ship, your options have never been so limitless.  You can’t do it all at once, so this just further encourages you to keep on playing after you have inevitably met your demise, time after time again.Each ship type now has a ‘C’ layout version in addition to the original ‘A’ and ‘B’ layouts of the original game.  These new layouts can be unlocked by getting to the final sector using the ‘B’ type layout of that same ship, once again encouraging players to try all flavors of ship in the game.  They have also allowed previous layouts to be unlocked by beating the game with the various other ships, instead of always relying on the random events to spawn that allow you to unlock them.  This is a welcomed change, as the player had no control over which events would happen in a ply through, which can make it rather frustrating if you’re going for a specific unlock and the even just never “pops” for you.  There are also two completely brand new ships, each with multiple layouts, the Lanius cruis and Crystal cruiser.  So there is definitely no shortage of new content to unlock for those of you who like to have everything.  Ships also allow you to have crew man their passive systems now, such as doors or sensors, for further bonuses as well.  By manning one of these systems, you are increasing it’s level by one for free.  So if your doors are at a upgrade level of 1, putting a crew member in there will treat the doors like it’s a level 2 system free of charge as long as the room stays manned.  This is a great addition as it allows you to make use of any extra crew members you may have on board instead of having them stand around doing nothing if there aren’t intruders to fend off.On top of the new ships are the large amount of new weapons and drones that you will be able to purchase or find in game.  The Flak weapon is a stand out for me, as it seems to be the bane of my in game existence.  With it’s low accuracy and massive damage, I find it tears my hull apart faster than I can send crew to repair it.  I haven’t had the chance to use it myself, but once I get my hands on one, those rebels better watch out!  There are even more new drones added to the plate as well, including those that start fires on enemy ships, or the Ion Intruder which periodically emits ion pulses that ionize enemy systems, causing them to malfunction.The last thing I will touch on is the Hard mode that was added in the Advanced Edition.  A hard mode for a game that most people couldn’t even beat on the easy setting.  I for one never tried playing on Easy, as I’m a glutton for punishment and just went headstrong into Normal like a champ.  A champ that loses 90% of the attempts he makes (but has fun doing it!).  Hard mode doesn’t add anything new to the game, but it reduces the scrap rewards (scrap is the currency in FTL) for beating enemies or completing missions, makes the enemies you encounter tougher than you will find on Normal, and some other small tweaks to keep things interesting.  As stated on FTL’s official website, Hard mode is for the “more masochistic fans” and promises to make you wish you never attempted it.  I like it.The Bottom LineFor an indie game to release a content update of this size and price (free!) over a year after the release of their title, it’s pretty darn impressive and not something that just flies in under the radar.  Subset Games love their game and love their fans and it shows in every area.  If you somehow found yourself bored of the original game after all this time, the Advanced Edition offers more than enough to pick it back up and have it feel as fresh as it did the first day you tried the original game.  For anyone who has yet to pick up FTL at all, now there is even more reason to do so.  There is no excuse to not play one of 2012′s best games, revamped and upgraded for an awesome 2014 version.  Give it a shot and you won’t regret it.  FTL Advanced Edition is FTL on steroids.  The Advanced Edition does nothing more than make the original game better in every way."
,Recommended,212680,9348155,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,thomas2,"Oh my God, I love this soundtrack score so much! I would buy the entire game just for that... Oh wait... Just buy the soundtrack -.- In all seriousness, I enjoyed this game. Mind you, I didn't play that much. I played until bored then went to meadows a new. I enjoyed the gameplay which is all there pretty much is. If you want a personal narrative, and story driven gameplay, go buy some trash by David Cage (Heavy Rain Creator). If you like RTS elements with a taste for strategy, you can do far worse then this game. It's fun for the moment, but it can become boring to play, and sometimes frustrating. I love the challenge, but there is far too big of a diffuculty curve between the 3rd galaxy and 4th galaxy. If you happen to see this on sale, buy it. If it's not on sale, you could probably do better, but it's fun for the moment. 8/10"
,Recommended,212680,4085264,"Posted: 25 September, 2012",all,Oponn,"As with Demon Souls and Dark Souls you better expect to die alot, because that is what this game is all about. No mercy.However, what makes this game really fun is those moments when the enemy ship have bombarded you with missiles and lasers ect. and you're sitting there in the middle of nowhere and desperatly trying to fix your shield so that the NEXT wave of attacks doesn't tear your ship to pieces, and the oxygen generator have started to burn. You're losing oxygen faster than money during a Steam-sale and the enemy have just tkilled your engines and now the fire that started in the oxygen generator room have spread over to the weapons controll room and MY GOD EVERYTHING IS ON FIRE!!So now you have lost power to the engines, oxygen is down and close to non-exsisting, weapons is down and half your ship is on fire. On the good side though, your shields are up again and you have managed to survive with around 10% of your original hull left. That is FTL."
,Recommended,212680,9910026,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Dan The Man,Very good game. pls buy.
,Recommended,212680,9337412,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,TechNick,"I don't always play rouge-like starship simulation games, but when I do, I play FTL."
,Recommended,212680,7634644,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Shugotenshi Eckx,"A nice balance of complete control over a situation and ""Just one more turn, just one more....one more....."""
,Recommended,212680,1709184,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Naxis,"Great game, a little hard and a bit repetitive, but with a great soundtrack and a nice ""OldSchool"" style."
,Recommended,212680,9376834,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,NukaColaJunkie,63 hours... 63 hours in and I still haven't beat this game on any difficulty detting. Definitely worth the money!
,Recommended,212680,9569838,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,pixelations,Amazing game you should get it!
,Recommended,212680,8354214,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Psyonix Likes 2 Ban Me,This game makes me moist.
76561198089924908,Recommended,212680,13984952,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Admiral Ackbar,I love the game and enjoy playing it but I think that it could be a bit longer with a few more sectors and the end battle to be a bit harder.
76561198062330574,Recommended,212680,8383696,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Fun Dome,I love dis game buy it and youll have METRIC CRAPTON OF FUN!
76561197971165023,Recommended,212680,13953099,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Democracy!,Games awesome except for the fact it clearly cheats.
,Recommended,212680,1109952,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,AK,"Great indie game! Well spent 9,99€"
76561198032323996,Recommended,212680,14766779,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,agtravecru,"One of the best indie games to come out ever, ever.The concept looks weird at first but the game itself is hugely addictive and lends itself to som many different strategies and styles of play. Despite being a quick (45min) game from start to finish, there is a LOT of replayability in this with all the different things to unlock and try.Some great mods availabable too. Strongly recommended."
,Recommended,212680,10391699,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Tabbs,"This game is unique by being the only game that can make you a god and then break you down in matter of seconds but also giving you the pause button in battle, to whitness your downfall slowly, or barley manage to stop it.I simply love this game for it and i reccomend it so much that you need to scroll up and buy it now!"
76561198052366318,Recommended,212680,13750494,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,DrgnsDth,"This game would be a great deal more fun if it was slightly less random. As you progress, the difficulty of the enemy ships you face goes up, but the maps are completely random. You might find a store with upgrades early, you might never find one. The first enemy you come across might kill you in thirty seconds. If the stores were easier to locate (or you could always jump to a store), or if the weaponry/loot on enemy ships was more progressive this game would be awesome."
76561197969476136,Recommended,212680,356135,"Posted: 12 April, 2013",all,IntrepidusX,Do want a top down hyperaddictive space ship simulator? Do you want the chance to command your very own highly flamable ship full of redshirts who are psyched to die because of your incompetence? Then this is the game for you!
76561198095801012,Recommended,212680,14230617,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Mayın,fun and realistic it depends your desicion
,Recommended,212680,14230042,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,nutmegaman,"Infinitely replayable.  You'll think you finally have it, only to lose your key crew in one missile attack.  You'll want to unlock all of the ships, but each new ship only brings a new challenge.  You'll play again, and again, and again, proud of any minor achievement, never winning, you'll miss your son's graduation, you'll lose your job, but when you knock out that rebel flagship it'll all be worth it.  It's a good one."
,Recommended,212680,1258124,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,koeolaw,"FTL is marketed as a space ship simulator but honestly, it`s a space slot machine. When you hear the word ""simulator"" you expect a degree of realism or very deep and somewhat complex game mechanics. Because of this luck is sometimes more important than skill. But that comes down to a arcade game being mislabeled as a spece simulator.The thing is, it takes only about a half hour to get the the end but there are enough unlockables and randomly generated events to make it really replayable."
76561198046344393,Recommended,212680,8557653,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Bearo,So much fun!
76561198067808575,Recommended,212680,13885186,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Zynd,"I stopped at a planet before a nebula, and hired a slug named Lana looking for a crew to join.Attacked by pirates after entering the nebula, I fought them off but took serious damage to the ship.The oxygen supply was broken during the battle, and must not have come back on after the crew fixed it.Everyone suffocated to death while I scrambled to figure out why the oxygen wasn't working after repairs.Sorry Lana.8/10"
,Recommended,212680,10928701,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sire fluffington,Iz rly gud. pew pew pew *kep ap da skiuld capin* PEW BUMMM WAAOOOHHH URMAGURD AM IN SPPAACCEEE. 10/10 gold stars for effort and prolly have gud tyme in spec.
,Recommended,212680,30488678,Posted: 13 March,all,Juice Box,The rage quit button is really useful.
,Recommended,212680,10810611,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,cpomendoza,"Literally can't stop playing. Lost job, wife, kids, and dignity.10/10 would do again."
76561198136435039,Recommended,212680,10686376,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SweatBumps,This game is really cool.
,Recommended,212680,10687687,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Eternal October,"It is so easy to lose yourself while experiencing this game's seemingly endless scenarios. It might be really frustrating at first, but once you get a hang of how to play, it's really quite amazing. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,212680,10689357,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Flexo,"Excellent game if you like to randomly fight aliens, and find guns floating in space. Some runs are better than others, but after playing for a little while you get the hang of it. 10/10"
76561198011802069,Recommended,212680,10689540,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,foo,Great game. Check out the new free content if you haven't plated in a while!
,Recommended,212680,10618141,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,necrotechnical,this game has drained so many hours of productive time away from me.
,Recommended,212680,10617197,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,mamoit,"Extremely fun for satisfying your need for space adventure, however I wish a little bit less was left up to chance. I either wish it was a little shorter so I could play a round in 10 minutes, or a bit more fleshed out so I could get more invested in my ship."
,Recommended,212680,7519799,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,hahaho635,"A fun game which allows you to play in a chillax manner or a very serious way. Either way, you'll have loads of fun.What I like: Retro 8 bit feel, each game is very different from the last, loads of unlockables. can employ different playing styles."
76561198081408119,Recommended,212680,8355347,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Synth Scotty,"Really great game.  It's not your traditional strategy game which makes it that much better.  You have to choose between different ways of play like do you use missiles or drones or do you go for more shields or more evasion.  Definitely recommended for anyone who likes sci-fi, strategy, or video games in general."
76561197974518472,Recommended,212680,7446044,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,DrJeDDeYe,It will haunt you.
76561198061788107,Recommended,212680,10052964,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Wisened Nurse,In space no-one can hear you Steam.
,Recommended,212680,4025751,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,stripeless,"This is a very, very good game. I don't think I need to describe what happens in it in any detail - you'll get a much better picture of that from the videos and other reviews. Instead, I should explain why I like it so much.I'm not a big strategy game player. I used to play skirmishes on Red Alert way back in the day, but that's about it. FTL is not over complicated but that's not to say it doesn't have depth. It's fairly easy to get into and you can dip in and out of games when you have a free half hour or so.People say FTL is hard, and I would say that is somewhat true. I would definitely recommend swallowing your pride and playing exclusively on 'Easy' until you can win consistently. The difficulty levels are misnamed - for 'Easy', read 'Hard' and for 'Normal', read 'Harder'. However, it gets less and less difficult with every playthrough.I think many people get confused because they arrive at a battle they can't win and - not unreasonably - think that the game is too reliant on luck. However, I would strongly disagree with this. By the time you reach an unwinable battle, it's already too late. Your opportunity to make the right calls has passed. The skill is using what resources come your way to reduce the risk of opposing ships and increase your offensive ability.Every playthough is slightly different. I don't see it as a hard game anymore, even though I still die on more than 50% of my playthoughs. Every time I die, I know what I could have done differently. Every game is different.I play FTL virtually every night. It's relaxing (now that I know what I'm doing) but it can be horrendously exciting. I've had very good luck and not made the most of it, but my most memorable runs have been when I've had terrible luck but won through in the end. Those moments are the ones I play FTL for. I would buy it again in a heartbeat.--------For reference, I have about 400 games and a total of just under 2,000 hours played. I have played over 500 hours on FTL alone. I'm not weird, I'm not obsessive (at least, I don't think I am). I just enjoy playing FTL."
,Recommended,212680,4114619,"Posted: 19 September, 2012",all,Flangdale,"absolutely fantastic strategy/space game, will keep me occupied for weeks."
76561197985141702,Recommended,212680,17841501,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Karedo,"FTL is a very detailed strategy game; it became very enjoyable once I grasped the depth of the game mechanics.  In FTL, you assume command of a Federation fleet spaceship, the goal is to “run” to the other end of the galaxy and deliver data onboard your ship that is vital to the Federation fleet.  You must race across a randomly generated galaxy via a web of sectors; each sector is yet another web of interconnected quadrants.  The goal within a sector is to explore as many quadrants as possible, finding the exit, and not getting caught by the pursuing Rebel fleet.  Overall, FTL is a challenging space simulation game with detailed strategic gameplay.The one initial hurdle for FTL is its steep learning curve.  The title does come with a tutorial but it only explains the basic game mechanics.  The learning process starts with the first game.  It took me about three games to fully understand all the features; I think anyone who plays this title must go through this process to get the full value of the game.  Furthermore, I believe this title will be “hard to swallow” for those players not familiar with the concept of permanent death.I had no idea of what to expect from FTL.  I think I developed some expectations after playing the tutorial.  Once I played my first game and failed miserably, I thought the game was going to be a waste of my time; my expectations fell to the floor.  Like I said before, it wasn’t until two gameplays later that I fully understood the overall concept and goals of the game; after that I was hooked.  I truly believe FTL is just one of those titles that offer no grey areas; you like it or you don’t.In my opinion, the graphics in FTL are of medium quality, offering a highly detailed 2D top-view perspective.  In FTL, the main character is the spaceship you choose to command; eventually, you’re able to unlock different types of spaceships as you accomplish certain achievements.  As you progress in the journey through the galaxy, you’re able to upgrade your ship.  The only objects FTL allows you to interact with are the individual crew members onboard your vessel; each member has a set of skills that can be developed throughout the game, i.e. a crew member that is always assigned to conduct repairs eventually becomes your repair specialist.  The menu system in FTL is simple and very user friendly.FTL is mainly played utilizing the mouse; point, click, and drag depending on the interaction.  Other than the space bar to pause the game, FTL offers some keyboard commands in the form of shortcuts; in my opinion, they aren’t really necessary.  Overall, the game controls for FTL are simple and somewhat intuitive.In FTL the story is short and simple.  The real immersion value of the game is the well balanced combination of exploration and tough decision making; FTL does not allow you to completely explore the entire galaxy, but when you add the random encounters along with the time constraints imposed by a pursuing enemy, FTL draws your attention and engages you by forcing the player to make life and death decisions.  I played the game for 9 hours, and at times I had to make some very tough calls to ensure the survival of my space ship and crew members.The musical score in FTL, in my opinion, is very rich and augments the experience of immersion into the vast galaxy exploration theme; after all, the original musical soundtrack is available for purchase separately.  The sound effects in FTL are consistent with the high level of thrill and excitement during gameplay; especially when it comes to combat.  FTL does not offer any voice-overs, the random encounters are all text based.  Overall, FTL’s audio is a perfect match with all other elements in the game.FTL is already a very detailed complex game, where critical thinking is of the essence.  One feature that would make this title better, is to allow for more diversity in the difficulty levels.  FTL currently only offers easy and normal gameplay, adding a “this is my first time” option would really bridge the gap on the learning curve.  Another feature that would make this title even better is to include an encounter editor; FTL has hundreds of encounters, but there have been numerous times where I found myself saying, “I’ve seen this already.”  Also, the ability to share player created encounters would fortify the community aspect of the game and pretty much guarantee infinite possibilities.The one element that makes FTL exciting is the concept of permanent death; it provokes critical thinking and gives you the true immersion value of what it would be like to command a Federation fleet space vessel.  Every action a player takes is nerve racking, bad decisions only lead to failure; just like in real life.  The “permadeath” concept may not be popular with all types of gamers, but I think it’s worth experimenting with."
,Recommended,212680,19244464,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Jazz,Soundtrack is amazing! Game play is am A+. One of the best games I have ever played.
76561198091223751,Recommended,212680,7188662,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Lord Skrampton,Will make you rip your hair out but it keeps me playing again and again and again.
,Recommended,212680,10807843,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,|ĶأĻă| - | Garland,"FTL: Faster than Light seems alive, as there is expansive dialogue. The dialogue does sometimes get repetative,  leading to a battle with another ship most of the time. This is a game well suited to beginners and experts alike. The game doesn't stop when you reach the end - there are many ships to unlock and many variants to test out. Even apart from ship selection, there are many weapons, drones, and alike to find and use to their greatest potential. Loss in combat is unforgiving and it is tough to see the work you have lost, but carrying on seems like a fresh start, as you can encounter more weapons, attemp different strategies, and lean more about the world of FTL. Finding new ships is a rewarding experiance, and it almost makes you want to destroy your ship so that you can try the new ship. The sense of discovery the first dozen times you play is amazing. This game can destroy a man, with its outrageous moments and tough combat. I would recomend this game for people that like to work hard to get what they want."
76561198041766560,Recommended,212680,4779958,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,lizard455,"Just plain amazing.Hours of fast paced action and intense strategy in each playthrough.Random generation keeps things different each time.Complimenting, spacey soundtrack that adapts to where you are and what you are doing.Infinite replayability.Well worth the $10."
,Recommended,212680,11023090,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,주스 드락은,Pew pew...10/10
76561198217993416,Recommended,212680,19311700,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Wrimor,"FTL is a gem in the land of games. Perfect for strategy and sci-fi lovers, FTL will change the way you think about spaceship games. No longer will they just be flying around and shooting, rather they will involve complex planning and epic boss fights. The game also has a certain humor it is easy to miss if you don't read the dialogue. This game is in my top 5 all time favorite games and possibly even by favorite. FTL challenges you make the best decision possible to get to the end. But that boss . . .11/10 would be blown up by the boss again."
76561198067430234,Recommended,212680,19404642,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Alternative Trash Bin,"I think I will never beat this game, it doesn't mean I haven't had any fun with it though ;)"
,Recommended,212680,8160581,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Bush Did 7/11,"Great game With Tons of easy to use mod support and Its 50% off!!! Youd be stupid not to buy this.The game Has very easy to learn game machanics.A Free Addon pack is coming out early 2014!! Dont even get me started on the soundtrack Its completely worth the extra $2s! Ive played it for 60 hours and Im still not board.There are 9 ships that you can fly *Soon to be 10*, countless weapons and systems you can add,Each ship has 2 *Soon 3* layout completly changing the gameplay and tactics for each ship. I'd recomend this game to Everyone!"
,Recommended,212680,5409926,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Touch of Love,A game for people who enjoy losing at video games
,Recommended,212680,7781914,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Evolve,"It's a great roguelike. Easy to start, hard to master.My personal fate every time i play is not having any weapons in shops or drops, half of my loses are because of this, i simply can't kill anyone at some point which is really frustrating. But then THIS run happens, tons of scrap, great weapons, lots of crew, cya in hell mister flagship.I love it, i hate it."
,Recommended,212680,7905952,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,xWH1T3YCH4Nx™,"I highly recommend buying this game if you enjoy strategy games. it is fantastic! but if you do buy this game be warned, once you get to the last sector your♥♥♥♥♥♥will be torn to shreds!"
,Recommended,212680,9541969,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Atlas,"FTL is a game designed to teach you how to properly grieve your loved ones. You’ll start the game, bright eyed and idealistic. You’ll foster a weirdly close bond with your pixelated crew. You’ll celebrate with them as they hone their skills and overcome adversity together. And then you will watch in quick and vivid horror as their lives are plucked out of your hands, each and every one of them meeting their procedurally generated, gruesome space deaths, light-years away from their friends and family, cold and alone. So alone.Play FTL immediately."
76561198028758539,Recommended,212680,28986692,Posted: 3 January,all,horvath83,"Decisions, decisions... Frustration... The game is perfect!"
,Recommended,212680,9794722,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,tucoalugapupapiadabidsa,videogaym
,Recommended,212680,9829806,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Mashu Kyrielight,Why haven't you bought this yet.
,Recommended,212680,9072324,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jåzzy,We do not accept surrender!A game of trial and  error. Winning is just so satisfying.
,Recommended,212680,166346,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,Mr. Wallet,"I've only been playing this game for an hour and I can already tell it was 100% worth the money even if I never see another new thing ever again (which I highly doubt). If you enjoy star-trek-style space combat or games about resource allocation (even worker placement board games), then this game is absolutely worth picking up."
76561198095141770,Recommended,212680,15194803,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,King Horse,One of the ships looks like my mom's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ :)9/10
76561198054007222,Recommended,212680,5680567,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Dragon,"At a glance, this game is something homogeneous to spend half an hour or so. But in fact it is totally random, making think, space sim + strategy... it consumes you, your time, everything around you. And when you stop playing, you don't feel sorry for that fun time you had :)9/10... Why not pure 10 you may ask?! I hope that devs add some more interesting features, at least this masterpiece allows to do it."
,Recommended,212680,9743440,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Johny,FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFrustration!
,Recommended,212680,795863,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,vvise,This game is amazing :)
,Recommended,212680,12121687,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Whateew,"This game will make you cry, laugh and ultimately die. Alot. Alot.One of the most fun, and best for value games I have ever played.I name my crew after friends and they die. Fun.I kindly help a station overrun by space spiders and I die. FunSeriously, you die alot.But thats what makes this game so great!A perma-death game is very fitting for a game where you are a space-ship-captain fleeing a monsterous enemy fleet.A game which has perhaps the greatest soundtrack I have ever heard.You are the captain of a puny little ship, with control over puny crew against huge enemies, with fleeting support and a constant fear of the odds.A large range of inter-deployable tactic are waiting to be discovered, if you don't die.If you are good at not dying, you may unlock more ships to die with.A seriously fun game, makes you crazy, and shows you what its like to pilot a spaceship.Fricking Hard."
76561198271815755,Recommended,212680,24117900,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Captain Autismo,The best way to not die in this game is to not play it. Ever.
76561198143811457,Recommended,212680,24441728,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Malk-Shake,"This game is truly a work of art. I've never been all that into strategy games all that much, but this game still managed to catch my attention. This rouge like has you controlling a crew, leading them through this unforgiving galaxy. There's not a whole lot else to be said here..One my my all time favorites though."
,Recommended,212680,24448954,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,matt,It was good.
,Recommended,212680,350059,"Posted: 24 September, 2012",all,Beans,A must buy. Experience what it must have been like for a Russian subarmine captain as he sends people into the reactor room knowing they will not come back alive.
76561197965048448,Recommended,212680,9402583,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Mung,"This game. I don't know. If there were a ""Not good not bad"" option I would use it. When you're lucky and doing great, it's SO MUCH FUN. Then you get in a rut, and start dying in the first system because half your crew got killed by giant spiders. It is RAGE indusing to watch your ship get blown to bits because you missed 8 times in a row. This game depends heavily on luck, and for that, I give it a 6/10."
76561198236968208,Recommended,212680,20776199,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,RaddleMonkey,"Great game, can be a bit frustrating at times because once you die, you are dead for good10/10"
,Recommended,212680,23105278,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Cube,"Great game for a great price, would recommend any day. Lots of hours of enjoyment to be found here."
76561198060572921,Recommended,212680,8748366,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,bigbadwolf6955,A great game with unlimited replay value!!
,Recommended,212680,30777250,Posted: 27 March,all,Lafa24,"At first It could seem like an easy game to master, you just need to fly your ship and fire missiles right... well a lot of hours of play later I still cant beat the game on the Hard Settings, You make one mistake and you can say your ship Bye Bye! with the advanced edition, unlockable ships, crew management its still a game full of content for its price. FTL has also a great soundtrack and lots of replay value. If you like the challenge of Rogue like adventures this is a must own."
76561198171482130,Recommended,212680,30778267,Posted: 27 March,all,Bond_Villain,This game is a timeless classic.
,Recommended,212680,30782427,Posted: 27 March,all,roysteves,"One of the best games I've played.  Short of massive RPGs (like Skyrim), I've put more hours on the clock with FTL than any others.  Also, the expansion/update was excellent.  I loved the original FTL, and was certain that I was going to hate it for messing with a good thing.  I was wrong--the new features added without taking anything away.  Just outstanding."
76561198144545509,Recommended,212680,23404940,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,tater thot,"Great game, it allows for so many different play styles. You can go for an incredibly aggressive playstyle, by teleporting on the enemy ship and killing the crew. You can go for a more defensive playstyle with drones and a cloaking device, or you could just blow apart their ships with weapons. FTl allows for so many fun experiences, with each being different from the last. There are also a healthy amount of ships to choose from, with different starting types, some start with drones, weapons, cloaking, or a crew teleporter.Pros:-Lots of fun-So many possibilities-Lots of variety (Different crew species, different ships, different world everytime you start over)'-Different play styles will all work-Choices can affect the rest of your run, either giving you a great weapon, or throwing you into a rough fight, where you may lost some important crew membersCons:-Can be very difficult at times-Difficult to unlock all the ships (Very RNG based)"
,Recommended,212680,21119560,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,meimtheone,Very good game. Near infinite replayabillity.
,Recommended,212680,20871673,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Philalum,Awesome little game! I wish it would be available for Android too...
76561198113345012,Recommended,212680,23431620,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,DragosSaviour,"This is a pretty good game,takes time to get used to the mechanics and it's pretty hard in the startVery interesting!"
,Recommended,212680,9751371,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,a huge load of prehistoric cum,Death Is Certain
,Recommended,212680,19068899,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,LORD NOOBUS DROOBUS XIV,"This game is fun. It's fun and exciting and is an awesome game. If you're into strategy games, then thisd is the game for you. The only problem is that it's REALLY HARD. Like, really, really hard. Even easy mode is hard. You need to upgrade shields, weapons, get scrap, get fuel... you need to manage all of your resources perfectly to win a single game of FTL. So you're probably gonna quit after a month, take a break, and start again. If you're prone to rage quitting, I don't think you should get this game, though. Otherwise, feel free to buy it."
76561198059946952,Recommended,212680,10578019,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Barbwirepain,"1 of the most addicting game's i have ever played.  everytime i step away i seem to be drawn back, great roguelike"
76561198072722007,Recommended,212680,20632396,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,VGKid,Great game!
,Recommended,212680,8187435,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jblaske,"This has to be one of my favorite games of the last few years. I've put so much time into it, I initially discounted it as a lame roguelike. But it is actually an AMAZING roguelike-like! It's actually make me like roguelikes even more!If you enjoy your games to be challenging and fun, you owe it to yourself to play this game."
,Recommended,212680,16303846,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,AnaLoGMunKy,"FTL is a lovely little game with much to unlock, although it can be daunting at first. You must outrun the rebel fleet on a starmap, with random events that can bestow fortune or failure upon you as you run. You must decide what upgrades you will take and what weapons or equipment you will buy or sell. Your funds are limited but for the first while dont worry and just get a feel for the game.This is a rouge like game, meaning you WILL fail until you learn how to navigate and what to keep and what to throw away, which is dependent on your situation, playstyle and ship chosen or even by the luck of the crew you might pick up or lose."
76561198021149759,Recommended,212680,9018115,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,The Elder One,"A solid, independant game that is difficult to master, but vastly rewarding.Short of a few pitfalls (mostly to do with the lawless random generation, which can result in depleted amunition with no chance to restock, acheivements requiring the player avoid certain routes being forced to fail what they have spent the last hour attempting, not out of lack of skill but the random generator has created impossible pathways and other such issues) and obvious balance issues, the game holds out as fairly well designed.However, the lack of variety in events will weigh agaisnt it with repeattive play, and as the game encourages you to continously restart, this is rather counter productiveOverall score: 7.4/10"
,Recommended,212680,8328534,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,TheToonDude,FTL is a fun fast-paced adventure game filled with new areas to explore! It has TONS of replayability! Theres alot more to this game than just PEW PEW!!! LASA UBER BOMB POWA!!!!!! You make live choices in this little game... 9/10 for FTL
76561198053008858,Recommended,212680,21880546,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,KimJongUnreel,good
,Recommended,212680,158863,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,silentsod,"A game which giveth and taketh away would be my best description. Capricious, wily, sometimes gifting a slew of weapons and money and other times stealing your crew members or leaving your ship adrift and on fire. A great game; truly challenging and a chance to showcase decision making to mitigate that challenge."
76561197969306491,Recommended,212680,14080095,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Captein,"Difficult, atmospheric, addicting.... one of those games where your first impression is that it doesn't seem so good, and then you give it a try, and it turns out to be amazing actually! Its really all about the challenge and good management of your ship. You'll certainly be destroyed over and over untill you get used to it, and thats the fun part. Every run is different, you can come up with a completely different weaponry, crew, route and chain of events, altough the goal is always the same, to beat the cr*p out of the flagship, the path from the very beginning till the last phase is always different.The gameplay is totally unique, the soundtracks are amazing and matches the whole playthrough and the ambiency nicely.... You buy equipment, upgrades, and hire new crew members... and then theres the luck factor, yeap! you may have all the best stuff but often bad things can happen, you can end up in a ion/flare storm sector, have bad event outcomes at beacons, or actually get your crew killed by suffocation, and have your day ruined, meaning the gameplay is not about getting a sturdy ship and just press the red buttons and everything gets 'rekt', you have to strategize, play it smart everytime, handle boarding parties without getting your crew killed, care for fires, hull breaches, one mistake could lead to a fatal chain of events.Price-wise, its also totally worth, I'm at almost 40 hours and havent even got half of the available ships yet, while the game can be ""beaten"" in 1~1:30 hours, the replay value is immense, and more than often players will put more hours into this game than they would in titles that are 3 or 4 more expensive.9/10, wheter you're casual, or whetever you wanna play it all day long, its super addictive and guaranteed fun!"
,Recommended,212680,28955065,Posted: 2 January,all,"Cthulhu Calamari /|\(;,;)/|\","This game takes the appeal of commanding a spacecraft, Trek style, without being overly complicated. It also isn't too overbearing with the roguelike elements (although most people I know play on Easy)."
,Recommended,212680,8766385,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Saint Bandit,"This game is awesome, I would reccomend it to anyone and everyone who likes games"
76561198139152051,Recommended,212680,16748484,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,mike.gregory2004,i'm gonna write a serious review!yaypros:awesome gameplayloads 'o shipslots of eventscons:no dodo racecrystal cruiser is hard to unlock9/10this game is ALMOST perfect. i'd buy it if you like rogue like RPGs
,Recommended,212680,6237613,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,TheEvilCam,It is one of the best space games I have ever played. I don't like that many space games but FTL is a realy good game to play. It has a good feel when you help somebody out and its not that fast paced at all. You can pause the game whenever and it isn't hard to maintain your ship for the start anyway. I have played very few ships on this game and already love it. <3
,Recommended,212680,5356930,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Volkamana☭☦,Хорошая игра!
76561197971026102,Recommended,212680,20208964,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Soulmusic,Great game. After all this time I still get the urge to play once in a while. Simple but effective.
76561198093869448,Recommended,212680,20137644,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,RoboDragon6,"Good game, I wish the graphics were better and that you could actually change it's resolution but the mechanics are good and there is a bit of a story which is pretty good, also seems to be pretty good level of dificulty so far."
76561198078712079,Recommended,212680,20217543,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,nathan.schamp,i find this to be an extremly hard game to beat but there is a lot of fun in building up you're ship and battling other ships and gaining crew
,Recommended,212680,27342978,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,grandfeatherix,"fantastic game, it's one of the few that i have picked up multiple times over the years to give them out to people.most times for a game i'll recomend getting it on sale, but even if this cost more than it does it would still be worth it"
,Recommended,212680,27347738,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fusîøn°Mazza,"Very good game, worth every penny"
,Recommended,212680,27358235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ran,"When I'm not furious at this game, I'm having the time of my life."
76561198015033398,Recommended,212680,27291149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Darth Plagieus the Wise,"This game has good gameplay. It is easy to get into but difficult to master, and will be a fun experience to anyone who enjoys overcoming the odds and being resourceful. The soundtrack is also very good."
,Recommended,212680,27092577,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kringol / Vash,Beautifully complex and addictive game
76561198052015986,Recommended,212680,27565813,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TabJones,Sooo much fun
76561198019883707,Recommended,212680,26127340,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Timbob,"Honestly, this is one of the best games on Steam. I've put untold hours into this game and keep coming back. incredible for the price.!"
76561198147901468,Recommended,212680,26158348,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,BloodStaindGold,"My library includes some pretty awesome games like Fallout 4, XCOM: Enemy Unknown, and Metal Gear Solid V to name a few.I hold this game to equal or higher value than those.The only bane of this game is also one of it's greatest boons, the fact that it is randomly generated. By this I mean that I have had a few playthroughs where everything is going so right until everything goes very wrong resulting in space debris I use to call my ship drifting away in various directions.This is my go to game on my laptop or anytime I don't have an internet connection. As a result my total play is not accurate, where in reality it extends closer to 150 hours at this time.10/10 would recommend to anyone"
,Recommended,212680,26875655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Doc Holliday,10/10 would get murdered by giant space spiders again.
,Recommended,212680,27013382,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,fish,"One of the best games I have played in quite some time to be honest.This game, for me, is one of those ones that I continue to come back to play quite often (while time allows)."
76561197964499793,Recommended,212680,27286393,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,sibanac,Good fun game
,Recommended,212680,27111654,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ownage,10/10
,Recommended,212680,28851309,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,orkan,"10+ hours non stop first day. What can be said about this game? Well you don't play a game for 10+ hours non stop if it's boring, that's what. Some games rely on stunning visual effects to attract players, others doesn't have to. FTL doesn't have to. Just hands down pure fun and a great concept. And for barely $2 on sale your gamer-heart must be made out of clay not to pick it up."
,Recommended,212680,28537319,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Kend0,"♥♥♥♥ man, its FTL. If you dont own this marvellous masterpiece already, you should get it.I mean, its the pinnicale ot a rougelike experience with a metric ♥♥♥♥ ton of mods."
76561198025419290,Recommended,212680,28552557,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Elmer Glue,I wish there were more games like this.
76561198082308587,Recommended,212680,27710477,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,uk pleb,good when u cant afford internet
76561198019491877,Recommended,212680,27529061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Mr.Snappy,"FTL is game of working with what you have and adapting to you situation.  There is a decent chunk of luck, but this can be overcome by changing your playstyle.  The large variety of ships, weapons, and tactics will help you overcome the randomness of the game.  The music is amazing, the story is good, and the game play puts you on the edge of your seat.  Overall this game is fun to play, but difficult to master and well deserves its great reputation."
,Recommended,212680,27377616,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Panzer Magier,Steady paced game with an ineractive story. There is no real story but a discovery. Probably way better than noman'ssky. Replayability is enormous since there's lots more to unlock plenty of unexplored content after one game and mods! fantastic mods!
,Recommended,212680,28321081,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,UltraPigBear,"Are you aroused by repeatedly sending your crew to a painful and horrifying death in the vastness of space?Do you enjoy real-time strategy games where a false sense of security can quickly destroy your entire team?Do you fantasize about killing space pirates with lasers and missiles?If you answered yes to any of the above questions, perhaps this game is for you.  FTL can go from hunky dory to FUBAR in a split second, and there is nothing you can do about it.  This is one of the most unforgiving RTS games I have ever played.  10/10."
76561197973862477,Recommended,212680,28451776,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Vent 1,"♥♥♥♥ you. This game is so ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥!! It'all luck, i hate it, no strategy, no good game, just luck; ♥♥♥♥ YOU!! ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game of my♥♥♥♥"
76561198004429660,Recommended,212680,18372280,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Marzuban,"A fun game. At first seems like a pretty simple and easy game, but don't be fooled: its quite hard in the next difficulties settings. Simple graphics, although has a great appeal: command a ship and feeling like Cap. Kirk. The con: gets repetitive after a few hours. But for its low price, its quite worth the try."
76561197997540902,Recommended,212680,1757507,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Rhinos are cool,Its good and thusly worth your money.
,Recommended,212680,22133029,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,toasty,"Man, this game is absolutely amazing. Even though I don't have many hours, I won't run out of content foragesOther than the 10 ships, with 3 loadouts each, because the whole thing has a big element of RNG ( a blessing, but a curse >:c ), you will not run out of stuff to do. On top of that, there's plenty of mods to spice things up even more, or just to make things look better*cough* Better backgroundsSorry I've had a bit of a cough lately c;WarningYOUWILLDIE"
76561197999102932,Recommended,212680,1870391,"Posted: 19 September, 2012",all,PapaJustice,"Elegant, endless fun."
76561198032839783,Recommended,212680,22922466,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,dpfk77,It's so difficult game that you might blow your computer.
76561198107383704,Recommended,212680,10282716,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,NocturnalLoner,"A great little game that offers tons of replayability. Every playthrough is unique, and unlocking new ships and ship layouts is always great for those who wish to try new things."
76561197961851274,Recommended,212680,23030124,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Biff_MaGriff,"After beating FTL with every ship on hard, I can honestly say that the most difficult part of the game is getting to sector 5 without fireing a shot, using an offensive drone or teleporting...http://imgur.com/J8x6Ly9"
76561198180115970,Recommended,212680,22344992,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,لماذا كنت مشبوهة؟,"Absolutely brilliant!It's fun, engaging, challenging and never gets old!However, just now I had a (kinda) glitch which resulted in an absolutey outrageous death. You know how if you investigate a ship there's a chance that one of your crew members will get a disease and have to stay behind, right? Well that happened to me.But I only had 1 crew member.So the scenario played out as my last crew member (""Doge"") going onto a ship, getting a virus, and staying behind for the sakes of his non-existant crew members. I may just be being picky though; I am in a dangerous mood after accidentally turning off my oxygen supply, killing 4 out of 5 of my crew, and then have the last living member sacrifice themselves for literally no reason.Still, awesome game with little to no flaws so far. You can play any way you like (especially after unlocking more ships),  and it's randomly-generated, meaning a different experience each time you play.Strongely recommended, especially to sci-fi fans."
,Recommended,212680,10893302,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tree,Hard but neat.
,Recommended,212680,25243131,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Sinkarna,BEST ROGUE LIKE EVER
,Recommended,212680,8129864,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,iTz_Nawt_Krabotox,"Great and fun indie game.  You manage a crew of a ship flying through space.  Tons of strategy involved, engaging combat, and polished upgrade system.  Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,212680,24005906,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,superdextor,"A very enjoyable, fun game. Easy to get into casually or hardcore, good in-game Tutorial not spammed with controls (unlike many other games) great for passing the time, and most of all the soundtrack is beautiful. All and all I'd recommend this game to anyone who is looking for a nice relatively peaceful strategy game."
,Recommended,212680,9882019,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Crankeedoo,"When I bought this game, I had no idea what I was in for. I thought it would be a fun little game I'd play in my spare time. I then found myself playing it for 5 hours straight. FTL: Faster Than Light is a game where you are the captain of your own spaceship, travelling through the dangerous galaxy. Be warned, though, as this game is EXTREMELY difficult. It is easy to learn, yet hard to master. Also remember that although skill is a very important factor, luck is also somewhat a factor.Score: 9.5/10"
76561198024158262,Recommended,212680,24564875,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Nick Stone,Great Sci Fi adventure/rpg game...addicting!
,Recommended,212680,12103008,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Comiconor,"This is by far my favorite Steam game. I find it very difficult, yet very rewarding. I still haven't unlocked all ships on easy, so there's plenty to do. It requires a lot of strategy and practice, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,212680,15878852,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,[IG] Onii-Chan,pro's: good replay valuebalanced combatdiffrent races of crewCON's: ♥♥♥♥ing dronesRage induceing                 10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,212680,9784984,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Iacton Qruze,"Don't open all your doors to let the fresh air in. There is no time to stop and smell the roses. Flee from the incoming fleet through the galaxy one sector at a time. Battle pirates and hostile aliens. Explore suns, anomalies, asteroids, planteoids. You control the crew and the ships systems. Is well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,212680,8124051,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,WTMike24,"This game is awesome. I got it when Nerd³ reviewed it, or maybe a little after. Only played 70 hours and beaten it once, but it is awesome. Tried a few mods too, they make the game much more interesting.After doubling my playtime, I can confirm without a doubt that this game is well worth the time you put into it."
76561197970647331,Recommended,212680,10754009,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,mdf/markus,"This one defines Indie Gaming.Retro, but still slick art design, a superb soundtrack, deep & challanging gameplay that goes beyond mainstream and last but not least excellent support with free bonus content months after its release.One of the true gems out there.Still ... you gonna hate that game from time to time. In a good way.Edit (11-24-16): This game still holds up. :)"
76561198111166627,Recommended,212680,30328919,Posted: 4 March,all,Shand God,Endless hours and this game will still be fun
,Recommended,212680,22981829,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Peppermint Butler,"I heard about this game a few years ago, I bought it the day it came out, and I haven't stopped playing it since. In almost four years, I've never had the same playthrough (Hell, I've only like six victories under my belt), and the number of possible playthroughs and layouts only increased after the Advanced Content update. It's hard and unforgiving, but the raging difficulty is part of the fun. It's what makes me come back, actually! Maybe I'm just masochistic, but I enjoy rogue-type games like this that force you to push ahead, no matter what condition you're in.For example, there will be some layouts where you will easily beat enemy ships and reach the final level, called ""Sectors"" in this game, with max shields and high-tier weapons, but there will also be playthroughs were most of the Scrap (money) you make will be spent in basic suplies and in repairing your ship.Surprisingly enough, at least to me, there is a story! There's a pleasing role change in this game, as you play a Federation ship and you fight against the Rebels, who are trying to destroy your base, and the final fights is against a rebel flagship so overpowered you'll want to cry when you reach it with a single basic laser weapon, a level 2 shield, and less than 5 HP left...Edit: 10/10"
76561198007433669,Recommended,212680,2444482,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,shulbert,"That's what I call a great and innovative concept and great implementation! The game kept me hooked to it until the end. Had some trouble winning runs towards the end of the game, but I have played without shields, focusing all my resources into offensive.Overall, I would give it 9/10, 9 because there must always be some room for improvement."
76561198317966661,Recommended,212680,28950257,Posted: 2 January,all,P90 rush b no stop go go go,nice game
76561198039184648,Recommended,212680,7877668,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,TheDekazoid,"This game... If you dont have it already, you should really get it. Like, Right now. Go."
,Recommended,212680,15013546,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,loganjamesalex,Basically the perfect Rouge-like game. Be a starship captain just like in Star Trek where you have the additional ability to freeze time to give orders making this perfect for any skill level because you don't have to worry about thinking fast.
,Recommended,212680,8561312,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Illegal in Iran,"This is perhaps the most fun, addicting, and rewarding game I have ever played. It's certainly worth the ten dollars, if not more. The world needs more games like this.FTL was already one of my favorite games, but the Advanced Edition expansion makes it that much better. If you haven't bought this game yet, you've really got to do it now."
,Recommended,212680,7779708,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[KuK] the herb pantagruelion,"The ONLY roguelite*that isn't a janky pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that has only the most tangential of connections to the real genre and is really using it as a buzzword to sell another pixel graphics indie game. FTL is a smash hit and it deserves it, because it is probably the best translation yet of the classical roguelike into both a new and interesting setting, and a form thats appealing to a much wider audience.That praise out of the way, treating it purely as a roguelike it isn't well balanced and is too RNG-reliant in gear and especially in the unlocks. And generally too easy with actually most of the ships in the game, on the normal difficulty. But, these guys are updating the PC version with the new content for their mobile version for free! Which is more than you can say for whoever makes King of Dragon Pass. So, God bless em, this is a solid game, buy*or roguelikelike. anything realtime is not a roguelike, thank you, indie game developers, random levels and loot does not always aroguelike make, sometimes even with permadeath in there"
76561198025706600,Recommended,212680,9735723,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Cryos,A fun little roguelike game that teaches you to be cautious but also to explore
,Recommended,212680,8967191,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Deadfall,"Deceptively deep, and different every time.  FTL's mechanics are easy to grasp and difficult to master.  Whilst the initial difficulty curve may put some people off, it's important to remember that defeating the final boss is far from the only objective in this game.  One of my all-time favourite roguelikes, FTL gets the balance of complexity and solid, sturdy mechanics just right.    The music subtly changes to match the mood, and helps paint a picture of the worlds you're passing by.It's about to get a free update, adding tons more content, music and art."
76561197993236460,Recommended,212680,1434415,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Food and such,"I had no idea what to expect going into this game and I was yet again blown away by a totally unique indie game. The strategy, replayability, and enjoyment in this game greatly surpasses most mainstream strategy games. I must have played this at least 50 hours when on vacation in Florida for a week and never got tired of it. It's extremely challenging and there's lots of unlockables only accessible through playing the game over and over (which, trust me, you'll want to). If you like sci-fi, town management type games, and a challenge, definitely get FTL."
76561198043437187,Recommended,212680,9741785,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Solid Snake,This game is very fun and challenging to play and is great for any strategy gamer.The boss is something that I really like because it is not easy to beat and there are so many different approaches to it.You will have tons of fun trying to win and get all the ships which are very unique and awesome.The soundtrack is amazing and and art style is great too.All in all a great game that has good replay value!
,Recommended,212680,646777,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,A Literal Onion Goat,so awesome ive pooped myself just playing this game
76561198134811433,Recommended,212680,24660560,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Fjord,"This game is tons of fun.  You can name your crewmates after friends and mourn their loss to space pirates, giant spiders, and rapid depressurization of your ship.  You will lose often, especially when you think you are the most prepared you could possibly be.  Advanced edition is a must, and CAPTAINS EDITION, a free mod available online, makes the game even more fun and more difficult.I would recommend unlocking a few ships and winning the game a few times before trying out captains edition.Perfect game for long flights.10/10"
76561198050613992,Recommended,212680,24648118,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Jesse Lalonde,"One of the most infuriating games that I will keep coming back to over and over again!In short, you select a ship design and layout and travel across the galaxy collecting crew, upgrading your vessel and making hard choices. No two playthroughs are ever the same, and there are plenty of unlockables to add variety to the game which will keep you coming back for more.A playthrough only takes a couple of hours, but the game isn't really about the destination so much as the journey. I would recommend turning off the in-game music, and loading up the soundtrack to your favourite sci-fi movie.Be prepared to lose, and restart. Even on easy, you'll find that a short string of bad luck will see your ship limping desperately in search of the next store for repairs, fuel, ammo and to restock the crew you just lost. It's that tension, combined with elements of exploration and discovery that are so addicting. Every decision feels important and has immediate rewards and consequences."
76561198019162947,Recommended,212680,3225956,"Posted: 9 October, 2012",all,CravenDescent,"I'm always happy to support quality independant game developers, and Faster Than Light is a wonderful example of quality independent game development.For less than $10, you simply cannot go wrong with FTL.  From the ground up, this game is designed to be played in short, brutal bursts of randomly generated space adventuring.If I have one criticism, it's that there isn't MORE game packed into this game.  I find myself playing it again and again, and never being completely satisfied, but in a strangely good way.  I want more, I almost NEED more, but FTL stops just short of satisfying my craving completely.Well played, Faster Than Light.  Well played..."
76561198124618655,Recommended,212680,30842461,Posted: 30 March,all,MasterChief0403,"FTL is a very nice rogue like game which rounds are feeling- obviously- never the same.At first the game looks slow-paced but trust me, you will need the pause option at nearly any battle.The game is really hard to master and there are many secrets that are waiting to be discovered."
76561198308409021,Recommended,212680,25237099,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,kane9,loved the freedom
76561198152548181,Recommended,212680,22860005,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,renegadesalmon,"I've put a fair number of hours into this game, and I think I'd have to consider putting it in my top 5 games of all time. Easily the best I've played in the past few years. Fantastic design, solid variety in weapons and upgrades, and that in turn offers an interesting variety in play styles (like using your crew to board the enemy ship, using slugs or sensors to pinpoint and kill enemy crew with beams, locking down the enemy oxygen generator, or else just simply blasting the enemy ship to bits with weapons or droids). The random generation of sectors and long list of unlockable ships make for serious replayability. I'm driven to complete campaigns with ships I don't even necessarily think I'll like that much in hopes of learning a new form of strategy, and am always stoked when I get to try out a ship I've just unlocked that features some of my favorite weapons and systems or crew combinations.  It's not a game in which you invest hours and hours, building up one ship or crew of characters over the course of days or weeks. You upgrade your ship and build your crew very quickly, and either win or lose the campaign in about an hour and a half to two hours (or crash and burn at some point along the way), giving it a bit of an arcade feel. There's also an element of randomness in terms of which weapons and systems become available, so you can't just go to the shop and buy the same loadout every time. The true art in playing this game lies in making adaptive choices as your circumstances in each step of your journey unfolds. Starting out on your first campaigns, I'd personally recommend switching the difficulty to easy and holding off on the advanced edition content until you've got a real grasp of the basics.The price sits at $10, but I was lucky enough to grab it when it was on sale for $2.50, which for sure makes this the best game I've ever bought in terms of cost vs. hours played and enjoyment had. I'm admittedly a pretty casual gamer and this point in my life, so take my recommendation for what it's worth. I love the game, and I hope that more people give it a try."
76561198271952607,Recommended,212680,25577709,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Figel Narage Hellcase.com,"Absolutely brilliant, very satifying and addictive."
,Recommended,212680,8864853,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Cyrus the Seal,Amazing game that'll never put you in the same situation over and over again.  If you like being in control than this game is for you.
,Recommended,212680,25439257,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,TheColorUrple,"I named a crewmember after myself once.As the rest of my crew died one by one, I made sure I stayed alive.My default position was med bay.I still died though."
,Recommended,212680,28806889,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Emopopsicle,super fun. ALso really easy to play at any time. Super challenging
76561198024783446,Recommended,212680,25069256,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Imperator,Good rougelike game with semi-turnbased gameplay in space. Final boss is hard though
,Recommended,212680,25073159,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ＦＯＲＧＥＴ,Bloody hard. Love it.
,Recommended,212680,23460106,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,pasta sauce,"If you like games you can play casually, you'll like this. If you like going on a spooky space-venture, you'll like this. If you like hard challenges, micromanagement, space exploration, upgrading your very own ship, intense battles, and decision-making on the spot, you'll like this. Even if you get bored of the vanilla version which is already a lot of content, you'll be able to get tons of amazing mods that the community has created! They're easy to get, and easy to get running with your game. This is one of the greatest things you can spend your money on, and I highly suggest anyone who wants to have some fun and has extra cash go for this. I will admit, this game isn't everyone, however it is still worth giving a go to see if you enjoy it. I'll wrap it up with one last reason: The Glaive Beam."
76561198083778069,Recommended,212680,9331101,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,The Law,"my gosh this game is simple, has depth, has substance, and is addictive as hell! If you like the idea of commanding your own space crew about your own ship on epic quests about the universe then GET this game and make some spare time!UPDATE:Closing in on 400 hrs on this game now. Unlocked every ship at around 300 hrs. Still pick it up all the time. As awesome as even more content would be, even with nothing else left to unlock or discover for the first time, it is still amazing to play every single time. I haven't found a game I love on THIS LEVEL since I first played it. I love a lot of games don't get me wrong, but this one is so special I can't even describe it.My friend bought me this like 3 years ago on a 50% off sale. I did the math and the number of hours I put in make this purchase cost about 0.01 cents (CAD) per hour of playtime so far. Can't say any other game I have EVER come across brings this kind of value for your money."
,Recommended,212680,25088951,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,LegitGinger,Among both the best rougelite games in bloody ages and the best indie games ever. The amount of content in this £7 game is just staggering. 9/10
76561198037165915,Recommended,212680,4438678,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,PiperUSA,Hard But Fun.
,Recommended,212680,24967869,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Daddy,"Faster Than Light is a truly unique game. It is incredibly easy to learn the controls and lead your ship on an unforgettable adventure (x1000). The true appeal of the game is not ""stunning graphics"" or ""an amazing plot."" In fact, the only goal of the game is simply to reach the end, (something which I have yet to do). The true appeal is the god damned difficulty of it all. I've spent hours, run after run, on EASY. Maybe I just haven't learned the master strats, but this game has put me on my♥♥♥♥♥many times.You will fail miserably at first, then you'll get better, but it will still be a ""so close yet so far"" feeling as you die on the last stage moments before victory......but you'll come back to it."
,Recommended,212680,9831059,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Betsu,Salty
,Recommended,212680,10713193,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DasKerbalnaut,One of the best rougelikes I have played. This one sucked out a good 60 hours of my life just to unlock all of the ships. Now for the harder difficulties...
76561198066104246,Recommended,212680,8186610,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Enthrall,"I can't go that fast in this game. But for real, there is honestly not much they could have done better with this game. If you spend the time to truly learn all of the aspects and functions withing the game and take the time to read all of the dialogue this becomes a near perfect game I reccomend for absolutely anyone and everyone. 10/10"
76561198040671957,Recommended,212680,14455383,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Storge,Best Sci-fi game I have ever played. It is as if I am running on my own Star Trek show!Edit: Still holds up in 2016.
,Recommended,212680,10811914,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Eldric Shadowchaser,Pretty fun and addicting
76561197972711754,Recommended,212680,599734,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,KirneH,"For a price of 10euro and 3 euro's on saleMakes this a GEM, it's a real bargin and a must buy IMO.!!! Easily 1 of the most addictive of indie games Ived played!! I cannot recommend this ENOUGH! 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,11338815,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mathosis,"This game is one of my favorites, it gives a great feeling that you ar commanding a ship. I remember narrating as i was playing ""Fire the canons!"" and such and im 17. All in all this game gives a great, and very different style of gameplay. It's gameplay is very unique to most games. You can play the game without firing a shot or you can kill anyone who poses a threat. But when you play this game, get ready for a challenge since this game is really hard. It makes things difficult and in hard situations you don't know what options to pick. There are many ships you can unlock and play, and you can play different varients of those ships as well. But i would say, if your thinking about buying this game DO IT NOW, since this game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,212680,7850163,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Nuthen,"This game is really fun! I've spent a ton of hours on it, and I am positive that once the expansion releases, I will spend many more hours on this game! Each playthrough is different, though equally challenging. This game will put your decision making skills to the ultimate test.This game really makes me want to break my computer! It's great!"
76561198020130876,Recommended,212680,9237179,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,nicblessing,A simple but yet fun game that will have you playing for hours. Its decision chooses are interesting and have yet to find anything that i would change about it. The game is challenging and different. I highly recommend this game. One of the best indie games i have played.
,Recommended,212680,7198177,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,gdgomez1980,"O_O great game, tons of fun, hours of replay, etc"
,Recommended,212680,1878759,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Undeadpoet,"It may seem simply designed at first, until you play it a few times: then you will find FTL secretly complicated, and difficult. Even on the easiest setting getting to the last stage is not a guarantee. It gets adicting fast, and every playthrough is different than the last... even with the same ship. FTL has earned a permanent spot on my favorites list."
76561198060842119,Recommended,212680,6187833,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,Captainhappy The Murderer,It can either be a really challenging game or just a casual run through. The small plot to the game is interesting.Each new game can lead to new opportunities. Unlocking some of the other ships are challanging but are worth while. Some opportunities could lead to great in-game rewards or devastating losses.The game has tons of replayability.I recommend this game to anyone who likes unperdictable gameplay.
,Recommended,212680,15144530,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Crazy Marc,"An awesome game for any lover of space sci-fi. Even if you don't like rogue-like gameplay, 2D graphic art, or basic micro management, you will learn to love this game."
76561198034656152,Recommended,212680,10729707,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Burfoot Brightblade,I highly reccomend this game as it is well worth the price of admission if you like very difficult and fast paced strategy and action.
,Recommended,212680,29644307,Posted: 2 February,all,buddy,"Amazing game. I've played and replayed it probably a hundred times. It never gets old.There's lots of different strategies you can use, such as using boarding parties, or drone fighters, or just all out firepower. It's fun to try something new each time and see if you can make it.The game can be really hard at first. It took me a really long time just to beat it on Easy mode. And even after all this time I've only beat it on Hard mode twice. You need both strategy and luck to get through it, but it's fun.Worth the price even if not on sale, I recommend it."
,Recommended,212680,4096409,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Jack Frost (Hee Ho),"If you like to have no real life,play this game."
76561198046335687,Recommended,212680,18643745,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Fuchs Yamada,"Interesting concept and the free DLC made it even better adding a lot of options and variety to playstyle.Reminds me of ""weird worlds: infinite space"" mixed with ""starcraft"", Or space-venture mixed with top down RTS. Its very similar in style to a mobile micromanagement game except it's not sh!t and doesn't have the huge artificial time sync.Just like weird world's you can sit down and play through a randomly generated rouge like universe in around 30mins.Well worth it."
,Recommended,212680,11050167,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Brogs,Excellent Game!
76561198254008407,Recommended,212680,18676857,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,HonorWolfGaming,"Great fun! It is easy to learn, but difficult to master."
76561198085325280,Recommended,212680,17452923,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Foxbox,"This is a fun and addicting game in which you play alone in your spare time. I take that back, this is more a app you checl on when you have nothing else to play. Not to mention it is EXCRUCIATINGLY hard to beat. I've played around 6 hours and I've unlocked 1 other ship, and I have gotten to sector five. This game also is something to play whilst depressed. All in all, it is a good game. I rate it a 7/10."
76561198034823626,Recommended,212680,23741965,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OLDr! Tabloids,Spends hours mastering the game.  Gets to the final system feeling like an unstoppable boss.Gets annihilated by the last ship.If only I was Faster Than Light.  My crew would still be alive.
,Recommended,212680,5515778,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Mr British,Addictive and Frustrating = Epic
,Recommended,212680,28414294,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Exo-Nova,It's a fun game with lots of choices that the player can make. The only problem is that the developers do not know the meaning of easy.
76561198103488755,Recommended,212680,11492556,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Caldozo,"If you like challenging, rogue-like games with high difficulty. I highly recommend this game. Even though i played just for a few minutes, It captured me instantly, not only for the harsh punishment depending on your choices, but also the importance of the path you have taken and it encourages you to try new strategies to beat the game.The player is the captian of spaceship that has vital information for the Federation for winning the war against the Rebels, in your journey you will encounter many dangers such as enemy rebel ships, drones, and pirate ships who will try kill you.The story sounds really simple but the game is so complex, that at first it will make you regret your decisions and it will eventually make you quit the game. But if you have the time and patience you will surely enjoy the game from the very beginning to the very end."
,Recommended,212680,1334377,"Posted: 8 October, 2012",all,TooMuchHairProduct,"So Oregon Trail, right? Yeah, Oregon Trail in space. Good for light mobile gaming."
,Recommended,212680,3748977,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,OfficeCasual,Gotta go fast
,Recommended,212680,7112012,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,hobo wrath 117,yo it good game
,Recommended,212680,13218365,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Cookie of Seduction,"This is a game based completly on luck and stratagy. At the start of the game, you get the first ship, and A-Type Kestrel Cruiser (Its bland, but it can be upgraded as you continue your current voyage, but once the voyage is complete or the ship is destroyed, you have to start again), but as you go on, you get more ships equip with diffrent systems and upgrades (I love using the A-Type Engi Cruiser). On to actual gameplay, the ships all have diffrent abilitys, equiped systems, crew, and weapons, but lets just talk about the A-Type Kestrel you start with. You start with a one layer shield, 3 human crew members (human crew members have no ups or downs, and are jacks of all trades), 16 fuel (Fuel is the number of moves you have, and you get more as you get fuel from stores or by destroying ships), 8 missles (You get more the same way), low level weapon and oxygen systems, a weak laser, and a weak missle launcher (Its called the 'Artemis', but screw names).If you get this game, I would recommend going through the tutoral to get used to combat. As for traveling the map, its very rarely an area map you've seen before, due to random generation. Now, for little tips:1) If you have an ion cannon, try to keep it powered at all times. This can help you survive diffrent enemy ships, take down enemy shields and stop them from generating, or take down their weapons. Please be aware the the stun from ion cannons don't deal damage to enemy ships or crew, and the stun is temporary.2) Try to get a diversity in your crew. This can help you in terms of tactics, defence, attack, and help make the oyage at tad easier. This can also open diffrent crew specific  paths and rewards.3) Try not to attack freindly people. If you are asked to spend scrap for help, either allowing you to stay in the section longer or to allow you to see where enemies are. If you can't help, leave them. You don't want to be in more danger.4) Be careful when it comes to distress signals. It could be a trap.With that said, thats about it. Its a great game, and I have to go back to playing this."
76561198334991974,Recommended,212680,32418008,Posted: 14 June,all,Clippy,This game punishes you for playing it. This game hates you. EVERYTHING In this game hates you and wants you to die in a hole. You can struggle to win but it somehow allways beats you back to the ground.10/10 defininitly worth the money
,Recommended,212680,32333836,Posted: 10 June,all,TacoLord424,"If u rage a lot don't get this game, very hard."
76561198072828459,Recommended,212680,20417725,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Gunter,200 hours of gameplay with all 28 ships unlocked and only beaten the final boss three times on easy difficulty. Giant Alien Spiders are no joke!/10 would lose entire crews to alien spiders again
,Recommended,212680,32244605,Posted: 7 June,all,Rest In Piece Half-Life 3,"The universal"" OH NO EVERYTHING IS GOING WRONG AHHHHHH!!!!ok were fine"" simulator. Highly recommended"
76561198261885314,Recommended,212680,33055244,Posted: 30 June,all,JesterKing1776,Started the game on Easy:Answered a distress callPiratesDied in 10 seconds
,Recommended,212680,33004222,Posted: 29 June,all,Dr. Strangelove,"Do you feel lucky, punk?"
76561198240549844,Recommended,212680,28211607,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,The Senate,"FTL is a fun and challenging game. The ship combat has a good amount of depth and is challenging and rewarding. If I had to pick out one criticism it would be that the game relies too heavily on rng at times, and can be frustrating as a result. Overall though, still a great game."
,Recommended,212680,13948916,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Roboleg,"Space. Instant win! Also amazing game so, yeah!"
,Recommended,212680,32824282,Posted: 26 June,all,Spooky Steve,"This is without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played.I have over 1,000 hours (probably) on the mobile version of the game and bought the PC version for the modding scheme, this game is worth literally every penny.to give you a run down of why you shuld buy this game:The SoundtrackThe soundtrack is solid gold. Despite some of the songs in the game seeming to be remixes of each other, every sector has its own unique and wonderful soundtrack, the non-battle music (in most sectors) is relaxing and nice to listen to, and the battle themes are fast paced and sometimes intense, yet never get repetitive and always makes ship battles more exciting.The GameplayYou start with a ship, on the run from an enemy fleet, you travel the galaxy to get to your faction's sector and to defeat the enemy.You spend most of the time exploring space and interacting with random events, which all have random chances of either being rewarding, could set you back by losing a crew member (*cough* alien spiders *cough*) or could turn deadly if it spawns an enemy ship. as for combat, you may pause (stop time, not open the pause menu) whenever you want, making it easier to manage your ship and think about how you will deal with the enemy's.Weapons and GadgetsThe game features many different weapons and Gadgets that will aid in your escape from the enemy, Weapons range from lasers that damage enemy ships but have to pierce shields first, Missiles that ignore shields but are costly to fire, Ion bombs that disable whatever it hits, bombs that teleport inside the enemy ship (I love the breach bomb) Flak weapons that basically fire an entire junkyard at the enemy, and your crew, provided you have a boarding teleporter.As for Systems and Gadgets, there is just about anything you can imagine, From a Cloaking system to Mind Control, there are many ways to deal with an enemy ship and protect your own.The AtmosphereThe game's Lore and Story is amazing. Despite it being comprised of entirely of text boxes when you enter a sector or trigger an event, the game feels fluid, and all 7 species of aliens have their own Lore and even diplomatic choices, making the FTL universe seem that much more real.The DifficultyIt will take a while before you get the hang of easy mode.Tl Dr: buy itSlocknog approved"
76561198030791996,Recommended,212680,9134016,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,threeminus,It's in space.  It's a rouge-like.  You can target enemy subsystems and send boarding parties.  It's in pause-time.  There's a race of telepathic space slugs.  It's almost frustratingly hard.  Why haven't you bought this game yet?
,Recommended,212680,33075415,Posted: 1 July,all,Buster Stroker,"i just love this game, you can play whenever you just want a chill game."
76561198273988499,Recommended,212680,33091668,Posted: 1 July,all,Private Wandering,A great game that is super hard it also has tons of replay value
,Recommended,212680,33093795,Posted: 1 July,all,Furi0sa,"My favorite Indie title ever. I think I have 4 or 5 victories out of 180 tries. Harder than♥♥♥♥♥♥and I've never even gotten to the advanced content. My go to title when I can't get into anything else, truly makes you feel like the captain of a diverse and talented crew likely ready to die."
76561198097465055,Recommended,212680,20334583,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,ArcticCitadel,"In short?  This game is stunning.    I've spent hours listening to the soundtrack on youtube while doing homework and other things.  And just to show how hard the game is to an average player, I've played about 19 times and won only once.And yet?  I've never had so much fun dying.  For the intertainment value this game is very cheap."
,Recommended,212680,10602237,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,|th&m| Franciscodirect,This turned out to be a ridiculously good rougelike game that was infuriatingly difficult at first but is surprisingly addictive.
76561198200423967,Recommended,212680,24402077,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Puh-Terodactyl,"FTL is a very entertaining game for people that like micromanagement.I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys watching your crew die of asphixiation trying to repair the oxygen supply because you lost control of your doors and your O2 supply was destroyed in a horrendous raid by mantis like aliens.Also if you enjoy being punished for being a nice person then this is the game for you!What's that? You tried to save the crew of a research vessel, not only did you fail but you are now losing oxygen, also take some damage to your hull for your troubles. However when these risks pay off it is immensely satisfying.All in all, buy this game if you like death because of RNG and micromanagement or if you need something to fill the gaping hole where your gambling addiction used to be because you spent to much time playing CS:GO so you need to be able to take risksin a safe environment."
,Recommended,212680,33115942,Posted: 1 July,all,crazy top hat,Faster then light i will win ha get it (great game i like it
76561198008016727,Recommended,212680,2480672,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,TideMaster,"This game, is good."
76561198041984550,Recommended,212680,25538201,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Kim Jong Un,"Just one thing to say about this game: I ♥♥♥♥ing love it. It doesnt matter that it took me longer than I want to admit to beat it on EASY. I admit it, I suck. But the game forgives me; it lets me play over and over again until I destroy my PC out of frustration. But: I would never do the game any harm. That's the beauty of FTL: Faster Than Light."
,Recommended,212680,8382206,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Mango Grids,"One of my favorite games by far, it has a great mix of tension and turn based strategy. The unlockables are (mostly) fun to get and add a lot of value to the game. Each ship and race feels unique, in a way much different than the normal warrior/thief/mage variation most games see, even other non-RPGs.I got it because I'm a fan of roguelikes, but anyone at all interested in sci-fi or strategy games should give it a shot. It's hard to really call it a roguelike, but it does have nice randomization of levels and permadeath, which add to that feel.Buy it. Now."
76561198066359228,Recommended,212680,16741929,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Gyratyne,"FTL is a game I never knew I'd love.  But the drive to explore and improve your ship and crew is incredibly satisfying.  The randomized nature of the game results in highly variable playthroughs that reward adaptability.  The combat is highly engaging and allows for many strategies.  Plus it’s fun to customize the names to simulate the untold voyages of Serenity, Bebop, and the Planet Express Ship.Great music, too."
76561198111963592,Recommended,212680,33161368,Posted: 2 July,all,LeoJohn787,"44 Attempts  on ""easy"" and still havnt won good game though i love how u can play so many diferent ways"
,Recommended,212680,32841066,Posted: 26 June,all,PersianVersion,"Intuitive systems and intense gameplay for a game that has pause-able combat. This game can be very difficult and sometimes luck plays into your hand, but sometimes it doesn't. In the end though, it mostly comes down to your choices on whether you succeed or not. On easy mode, it can feel very monotonous in combat at the beginning, but that makes sense, and it picks up after the first 2 sectors. Overall, a fantastic game."
,Recommended,212680,33165117,Posted: 2 July,all,SarinGas,"In one word, this game should be described asincredible. The concept is simple: travel across different sectors to reach the Federation headquarters, where you can must deliver vital information that could change the outcome of the war with the Rebels. However, the simple act of traveling through the sectors is very complex and more challenging than it may seem. You must not not only manage your crew, the ship's systems, and its weaponry, but you must engage in events ranging from battles with pirates, rescuing refugees from disease-stricken settlements, or perhaps you might encounter a store that will repair your ship and sell you supplies, weapons, drones, systems, augmentations, and crew members. This game will provide you with hours of engaging gameplay as you struggle through battles, ""weather"" conditions such as solar flares and plasma storms, and multitudes of different things. If you do manage to beat the game, there are different ships to play with, more content to enable, or different difficulties to try. I'ts a game that just goes on, and never ceases to amaze me in how ridiculously fun it could be. If you are someone who is looking for a game to play that truly tests your patience and management abilities, no doubt this game will provide you with never-ending hours of fantastic gameplay, hours you will never regret!"
76561198133178417,Recommended,212680,33110228,Posted: 1 July,all,IjHammer,"After many, many, ship deaths, I finally gave up and named my ship theUSS Going to Dieas a sign of it's fate.But you'll never guess what happened next.The ship died.10/10"
,Recommended,212680,11350574,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,hatersbehatin,This is a brilliant game. This team achieved something great when they created the mechanics of this game. The whole package is perfect.
76561197977262262,Recommended,212680,32991382,Posted: 29 June,all,Quantum_Storm,One of the most fantastic rogue-likes i've played in ages!
76561198056788751,Recommended,212680,33175552,Posted: 3 July,all,BeljunWaffel,"This game is a ton of fun. While being incredibly difficult, it keeps you coming back over and over. Tons of different ways to play, ranging from different ships to different upgrades. The randomized galaxy ensures you'll have a different playthrough each time.I've only scratched the surface so far, and I've enjoyed all of it so far."
,Recommended,212680,33172260,Posted: 3 July,all,Berke,It is a game that you have to think rather than shooting like a monkey and pray that it hits someones head
,Recommended,212680,29151048,Posted: 9 January,all,BardzBeast,"It fun. But I bloody hate it at the same time. I have the best run going, then suddenly 1 seemingly easy fight just owns me, because they board and take out my oxygen. then I have to camp everyone in the medic room as the boarding party wreaks havoc on my ship and as soon as I step foot outside the medbay I suffocate!!!! Actually unistalled the game because I can't deal with the bulls***. Highly recommend though, but I do seriously think they need to make it slightly less impossible on easy dificulty!"
,Recommended,212680,33251471,Posted: 4 July,all,HawksHail,A very satifying and challenging rogue like.
,Recommended,212680,13858584,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,The Guy with The Hat,How to play:1. Start2. Die3. Repeat ten times4. Start5. Don't die6. Win7. Feel like you won the lottery8. Go to step 110/10 am currently playing again
76561198077827262,Recommended,212680,33318610,Posted: 6 July,all,Qrow,"This game Is a FANTASTIC rougelite game,so many different encounters, birillant weaponry, Interesting racial passives and more!However, while the story is nothing more than ""You're the chosen one to do this one very specific mission"" that doesn't even effect the game and It's brilliance! Although If you are wanting more of a story the modding scene for this game will most likely fill this gap for you!The game has a TON of replayability due to the extensive random encounters, types of locations, weapons, modding community and not to mention It's secrets to unlocking the different playable ships you can obtain through playing the game and making certain choices in encounters.No fight Is the same!This game Is a must have If you like SPACE! Rouglites and strategy!9 Nebulea / 10 Nebulea"
,Recommended,212680,9716734,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Duke Of Ichabod,Great game. Lots of fun for Trekkies too!
,Recommended,212680,12824692,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,✦ Officer Hotpants ✦,"Buy this game.  Do it.  NOW, dangit!  Ah-buh-buh-buh-buh-buh.  Just shut your mouth and do as you're told.This is the ultimate ""I've got an hour to kill"" game.  May take a go or two to really get a handle on some concepts but you'll have fun doing it, at least.  Frankly they're only charging half of what they could easily get away with (and that's when it'snoton sale).  Heck, they gave us a pretty significant expansion for free and even made its use optional, to boot.  Newcomers aren't swamped with the considerably game-changing material of the Advanced Edition unless they choose to play it.  Even if the game ultimately isn't for you I think you'll likely derive at least a few hours of entertainment from it.  That's a better deal than any $30+ movie that you'll watch once or twice and then never look at again."
76561198020394429,Recommended,212680,33325583,Posted: 6 July,all,Mad King of Shrewsbury,I personaly love this game I would recomend this for any stratergy fan.
76561198154596846,Recommended,212680,33354118,Posted: 7 July,all,LunethVal,This Mantis boarding ship stands no chance against my Mantis boarding ship
76561198041818652,Recommended,212680,9084249,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,MacHappa,"Do not buy this game. Unless you want to be entertained for hours, trying every thing to just see the end once. And when you've done that you try again, cause there is so much left to discover. Also it can be pretty unfair or laughably easy sometimes, but always satisfying."
76561198252688086,Recommended,212680,33415673,Posted: 9 July,all,Apathy,"When the game has difficulties: Easy, Medium and Hard.And you can't even pass halfway through the easy difficulty.. Haha... Ha....Definitely recommend :)"
76561197984121226,Recommended,212680,1003101,"Posted: 26 September, 2012",all,Voidhawk,"A cruel game that delights in lulling you into a false sense of security before bringing you to the edge of utter ruin,  each playthrough is a story in of itself about desperate battles aganist the odds. Disturbingly compelling, entirely addictive."
,Recommended,212680,1795540,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,blackenbloo,It's a game where you do things in space. Get it.
76561197990333674,Recommended,212680,1265703,"Posted: 28 January, 2013",all,daniu -TLG-,"It's fun, it's addictive, it's tough.If you don't pause during battles, you die.It you do pause during battles, you die later ;)"
,Recommended,212680,1287463,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,★ Kuma,So addicting! Would recommend!
,Recommended,212680,1314031,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Starving Poet,"While this game might seem simple from the outside, it quickly draws you in with the sheer tactical complexity required to make a successful run."
,Recommended,212680,532330,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,Mr. Puffles [Gildagert],"One part combat, one part RPG, one part simulation, one part choose your own adventure; all around awesome game that I whole heartily recommend for anyone looking for a fun addictive game to lose yourself in. Not for those who don't enjoy a challenge. :P"
76561197974525636,Recommended,212680,658058,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Zenon,"The replay on this game is truly incredible.Fantastic selections of ships, crew, weapons and other ship components. This a rougelike that will let you take an amazing and often disastrous race through the randomly generated universe.I cannot overstress how well this ""Startrek""esque game can delight and horrify with all the unspoken  consequences of when those space adventures go wrong.  Luck, preparedness, timing, and knowing when the hell to run away are all important.Fun.  Difficult.  A masterpiece.I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,212680,569006,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,Reckoner,Procedurally generated testicle grinder. In space.Om nom nom. I just eat this♥♥♥♥♥♥up.
,Recommended,212680,140392,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,"Buster ""Howlin Mad"" McKnuckles",A game for connoisseurs.
,Recommended,212680,38007,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,=AJSA= Tons0fun,"""If you don't own it you are wrong.""- MeSeriously though if you enjoy any sort of roguelike experience and space, this is the game for you. With multiple difficulty levels, 10 ships (each with alternative layouts) and 8 races (each with their owns special abilities and difficulties) no play-through is exactly like the last.Now, the game can be very difficult, your first time playing pick EASY! Learn the mechanics and you'll do well. If you just dive right in you will die a lot.Once you get the hang of it and need a fresh experience there are some great mods for this game as well. I highly recommend looking up the Captain's Edition modification. Damn near makes it a whole new game.Now get out there and Stop the Rebel Flagship!"
,Recommended,212680,19299235,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,502kolt,"I may suck, but this game sure doesn't."
76561198031729345,Recommended,212680,4080091,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,Hairy Kid Joe,"If you don't play FTL, you should probably play FTL."
,Recommended,212680,9306869,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,5amFish,You are in space. There are other people in space. Sometimes you fight.
76561198073081375,Recommended,212680,9299604,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Hobbie,This is a very fun game and I have put many hours into it.
,Recommended,212680,9325984,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Dookz,Great game I love being sodomized by mantis teleportation technology
76561198029271827,Recommended,212680,9327010,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,StanTheDanMan,"After one battle, I spent 10 minutes with my head in my hands, shellshocked, whispering ""You did good. It had to be done. You did good, it had to be done"" over and over. I watched as the enemies got on board, and to cut losses I opened all airlocks save for the captian. 4 crew died slowly, screaming. Fires raged and systems shut down. Still managed to win the fight. The most traumatizing 4 minutes of gameplay I have ever experienced. 11/10 would reccomend."
76561198105270745,Recommended,212680,9327461,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Domin088,"Amazing as **** if you like anything pertaining to space or strategy (a nerd), have some basic form of imagination (had or having a good childhood), and aren't frustrated by dying right before the end of a game after high or moderate effort in said game (a very rare person).  This game will bring extreme happiness and extreme anger.  11 out of 10."
76561198041939947,Recommended,212680,9292343,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Emrik,Another great indie game. Sadly they've stopped updating it altough i have still had alot of fun with it. Would recommend.
,Recommended,212680,9320625,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,ItsHotKarl,I dont have many hours booked in but still one of the best games i have played to date. SOO addictive. i Find it very easy being that i have played other micro management games ie. towns and others. Saying that I have not made it to the last sector yet. Something always goes awry.ie. A crew with all less than 20 hitpoints 4 human members in the room behind the cockpit of The Kestrel A with Vince the human pilot at the helm with less then 10 health. everyone is safe behind blast doors from fires that rage in the destroyed Door control room and destroyed scanner controls room. All doors are open except the ones to the door and scanner control rooms sucking almost all the o2 in the ship into space extinguishing all fires except the fires trapping the Feeble crew.anywho i couldnt figure out how to escape that situation so i gave up :( and started fresh :) its the game that keeps you comin back!
,Recommended,212680,9322112,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,WonkoTheSane,I was going to recommend it to my friends but they all have it.... so there's my review
76561198062479889,Recommended,212680,10992381,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Blade Master 42,"Each round of FTL puts you in charge of 3 ensigns on a spaceship, and, spoiler alert, they are all going to die. At least, until you get the hang of the game. Then you'll die after a longer period of time. My advice is to get used to it.As of this writing, I've only been playing the game for 4 days, I think, and logged over 20 hours. It is hard to put down, and frusturating 'cheap' deaths definitely lead to a 'Just one more try' mentality. The music is good too, lending nice atmosphere without jamming itself down your throat, and I find myself setting up headphones when I go to play.I only have 2 ships unlocked thus far, but the playstyles are strikingly different already. I expect others ships to make for similarly interesting experiences.Normal difficulty FTL is pretty rough, so unless doing so would wound your pride (like me), it may be worthwhile to start on Easy. Fickle twists of the RNG can lead a smooth run straight into the toilet, so have a stressball handy if that sort of thing riles you up.Frustrating though it can be, this is definitely worth the $10. Now get out there and outpace some Rebel Scum."
,Recommended,212680,11895326,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Diluted Orange Juice,"Simple,fun yet extremly frsutrating little game. JUST BUY IT420/10  would be killed by flagship over and over again"
,Recommended,212680,9338384,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,[L2hax] Indigo,Amazing how attached you can get to your crew in this awesome space adventure.
,Recommended,212680,13897108,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Seschwa,Played for ~14 hours nonstop trying to beat itDid not beat itSlept and i'm back at itWorth buyin'.
,Recommended,212680,26046761,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,wolfythenotrealpoet(nino),"Brilliant game, one of the best I've ever played. Only major problems are: every sector after 6 is way too tough, enemies can have 3 layers of shields and high level weapons (this applies tenfold to the stupidity that is the final boss, which is almost impossible to beat without at least 1 powerful shield piercing weapon and 1 high damage weapon. The other problem is unlocking new ships and ship layouts is a bore, but the payoff is worth it (sometimes). And this might be just me, but the game seems to only give me ship unlock events when I'm not prepared for them. Other than that, it's great, doesn't feel slow paced, the combat is fun, and the story is engaging. Worth getting for £6.99."
76561197969614084,Recommended,212680,32347316,Posted: 11 June,all,RearOZ,Excellent game
76561198025099019,Recommended,212680,32329661,Posted: 10 June,all,withnall,Easily one of my all time favourite games.  Congrats to the developers for crushing it!
76561198007636296,Recommended,212680,32347998,Posted: 11 June,all,Jack Pas,Absolutely Fantastic
76561198048429288,Recommended,212680,32308368,Posted: 9 June,all,cyberdragoon2100,"This is a simple space combat and strategy game. The graphics are not very impressive but the content and simplicity of the game make it one of my favorites. The game has no default difficulty but it scales the further you go into it. Without previous knowledge it won't take long before you realize that if you don't prepair early on for later stages the fights become super tough. Ship variety is impressive as each ship has 2 other varients in how they are setup and even played. I have logged about 100 hours since I perchased the game and I am still enjoying the strategic aspect today. Each new game is a new challenge that I get to rise too. The start to finish is sometimes short even when you reach the final boss, however there is no garuntee that you'll make it. Every game is different from the last. I have yet to have two games go the exact same way from start to finish yet and I don't think I will run into such an event. I really love this game."
76561198246570474,Recommended,212680,32340064,Posted: 11 June,all,Antifreedomring,"Where to start on this game that stole my heart? Lemme begin by saying if you are prone to bouts of rage, then just walk on by ( though because of ya weak nature you will miss a gem)  out of 170 attempts, ive only managed to succeed 5 times. What brings me back to this game? The fact there is NOTHING like it, only pale intimidations. But trust me keep on trying and when you finally beat it you will be crowing like robin Williams in hook!!!(also dont be put off starting on easy to unlock the first few ships easy on this = normal)"
,Recommended,212680,4094788,"Posted: 15 October, 2012",all,BDB,Most addictive game I've played this year. Well done!
,Recommended,212680,18537607,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,0_Well,"Difficult game. Almost didn't put in the effort to learn it because the music and UI seemed clunky and off-putting. Then I dove in and learned to love (and also hate it when I lost, but mostly love it).Challenging, lots of options, ""deceptive simple"". Lots of replayability.Highly recommended."
,Recommended,212680,9436704,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Lazy fuck,Its good.
,Recommended,212680,32258672,Posted: 7 June,all,Palmladd,"A great game.  Fun to play, easy to learn and hard to master.  Beware, it is very addictive."
76561197985951986,Recommended,212680,32246187,Posted: 7 June,all,Nth,"Endless replayability. A frustrating and rewarding combination leading to very addictive gameplay. Proving the old adage gameplay over graphics, the minimalist presentation combined with an eery and oddly compelling soundtrack has provided me (hundreds) of hours of enjoyment. Easy to pick up and play any time without the need to become overly invested. Customizing your ships and crews are a huge bonus on your interstellar adventure for those of us who enjoy having control over as much as possible in a game. Even reminds me of the old Choose Your Own Adventure books. A game truly deserving of an expansive sequel."
76561198086049301,Recommended,212680,11962477,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,ScootyBooty,Named my crew after characters from my favorite anime. Ended up in tears once they died. 10/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,212680,29489319,Posted: 25 January,all,ZachZent,When your last crewmen are stuck in the medbay and your oxygen system is disabled. Who do you sacrafice to keep the ship alive?10/10Would play god again
76561197963569386,Recommended,212680,9331035,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Skankin' Monkey,"Brutally difficult, but extremely compelling. If you ever wanted to be the captain of your own starship and have only the slightest interest in Rouge-Like games then you should definitly take a closer look at FTL.With the ""Advanced Edition"" as a free expansion right around the corner, there sure will be a good enough reason to spend even more hours trying to escape the rebell fleet and discovering secrets all over the galaxy."
76561198011912721,Recommended,212680,10718562,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,ExplorerRowan,"There are no words for how awesome this game is. Well, there might be words, but they're in the Forgotten Tongues of the Old Gods or something equally dramatic. That's how awesome this game is. You will love this game. You will hate this game. You will lose hours of your life to this game, ""casual"" description be damned. You may in fact cry when a crew member who has been with you since game start dies unexpectedly in Sector 8, in a valiant self-sacrifice to repair the damaged life-support systems for the rest of the crew. You will know the joy of punching through a slave ship's shields, setting the slavers on fire with a fire beam, and heroically rescuing the slaves, who of course join your crew, because what else are they going to do? You will know the pain of almost defeating an enemy, only to lose everything to one lucky missile barrage."
76561198070216404,Recommended,212680,9805947,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Emilie_Autumn,"If u have an extreamly high patience for speading 2 or 3 hours on a session to lose to some random fluke right at the end then go for this game.  its unique and has alot of options but even on easy mode don't expect to make it to the end boss more then 1 out of 8 tries, much less actually defeating it.  But if ur cool with all that it is a cool space sim game.  Just resist the impulse to smash things when something hella-stupid kicks ur butt at the last second and totally screws u.  Remember, there is no saveing and loading; oh u can save and quit and then come back to where u where but not load an old save. if they did that it would totally reduce the massive annoying stupidity of this game"
76561198023667150,Recommended,212680,22863793,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Martiaan,"It is a great and very addictive game! After a few tries you start to get to understand the events that happen ramdomly and the joy of the game just flies upwards from there. You start to get more ships available, and soon after you can't put the game down without clearing that ""one more"" sector. You won't get bored of it because of the random events and the randomly generated levels and different styles of the sectors, wich you can often make your own choise in wich way to go.Really worth the 10 euro's (or dollars), and really recommand this game to any space / strategy / action game lover!"
,Recommended,212680,28845235,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Rennrock,This game makes me cry. Highly recommend.
,Recommended,212680,15263376,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Honeymaster | Unorganised,"FTL is a nice game for people who like spaceship combat however its mainly a click a weapon and then click the room that you want to target, there isnt much in the way of movement other than warping to different warp zones. However regardless of this there is much for the player to experince.FTL has a small modding community with muitple different mods, for example reskins to make ships like star wars or star trek ships which gives different layouts of the ship. There is a mod called Captain's editon (I think its called that but don't hold me on it) which allows you to just play the game without having to play the main sections, for example you can just keep warping indefently without moveing onto the next section as it costs 10 fuel points to do that.However if your not much of a mod fan and want to play the game for what it is there is a risk factor in everything you do. For example if you come across a random encounter you can lose crew menbers or take damage depending on what type it is and if you get lucky or not. Also the final boss is tricky and requires you to be A. careful and B. lucky because you might not spend your points right and lose. The latest update added hard mode and its not for the light hearted as normal difficulty was difficult as it was and I personally recommend easy mode untill you get the hang of the game.However with only 8 sectors and the possiblity of failing being so high it might put players off if they lose near the end and its only a short game even though the replay value is so high.Regardless of that i still recommend this game as a good way to pass time when your downloading games or if you cant access the internet as its a game thats good at giveing short bursts of fun."
76561198002610101,Recommended,212680,30217449,Posted: 27 February,all,Eksu,Played 21 hours didn't win a single game...Warning: This game has one of the most annoying representationsof the sun since teletubbies.edit: 30h just to get to the boss and make him ran away FML.
76561197971685355,Recommended,212680,13772978,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Subbyjr,I make my cousin my crewmember everytime.....He dies everytime within the first five minutes11/10
76561198065015205,Recommended,212680,21372772,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,TehManiac,It is quite hard . but i love it .....In the first point of view you ll be what is this thing.... But when you realize how hard and in the same time beautiful this game is you will change your mind ;)
,Recommended,212680,26136830,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,abeskull,Fantastic game that anyone with a taste for strategy should own.
76561198057520084,Recommended,212680,13859251,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Nomad_214,Awesome rogue-like with great mechanics and an amazing soundtrack.
,Recommended,212680,7269742,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Cowwithguns,Very.....interesting
,Recommended,212680,9766800,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Bat ∞,This game is too hard for me because I'm a little ♥♥♥♥♥.
,Recommended,212680,9769535,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Hotzendorfs Manly Mountaineering,"No game will have anywhere near as much impact on your emotions as this one right here.You will cry as your favorite crew member finally succumbs to lack of breathing.You will laugh with glee as your opponents starship finds itself a cluster of useless wreckage drifting aimlessly through space.You will be content when you find your ship to be loaded up on powerful memebrs and experienced crew members.But mostly, you will scream at your monitor about how your highly trained and experienced crew cant hit the enemy ship with a single damn one of your high powered weapons.TL:DRThis game is fun, though you die a lot. It may be frustrating at times, but it has a lot of depth, which makes every playthrough a little different, and makes every journey which you set out upon a new and exciting adeventure.10/10, would explode in again"
76561197961986485,Recommended,212680,9790281,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Chunderfield,"I wish FTL was around when I was a kid. To be honest, I feel like this game was designed with nostalgia in mind. The glorious low res music soundtrack is phenomenal. The graphics are beautifully simplistic. The pause-able game play meshes RTS and Turn-based strategy perfectly.You have a ship which is represented on screen as a cross section of the rooms within. You start with ~3 crew who you deliver orders to in real time or while paused. Your goal is to reach the main Federation fleet on the right side of the galaxy as you flee from the wave of Rebels converging from the left side. Each planet you stop at has a randomly generated encounter with an enemy ship, or any other of the many possible events. Usually you need to make a decision based on the event you encounter, which can end favorably, disastrously, or mysteriously neutral. You'll encounter shops, ships, and planets which provide you with modules to upgrade your ship in almost every conceivable way; from weapons to shields, to drones and cloaking devices. You'll also recruit more crew, and lose many on the way. This is a rogue-like so when you get blown up, its game over! The combat can be paused and orders delivered. Your decision to target a certain system on board the enemy ship will mean the difference between winning and perma-death.Subset Games just released a free expansion. Let me repeat myself if you suddenly became stunned by those words. A FREE EXPANSION. Its awesome. The core game is left unchanged and there is the addition of more content. Seems simple right? Absolutely worth $10. I cannot recommend this game enough. Prepare to die a lot. This is hard, unforgiving, and very, very fun. 91/100"
76561197992433282,Recommended,212680,9757006,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,stu,Awesome.
,Recommended,212680,9744843,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Kraken2109,"Great game, takes a bit of time to work out how to not lose right away. I recommend you start on easy."
76561198026423628,Recommended,212680,9745177,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Kaz the Cursed ☦,This game is incredible and there is so much to do and explore and not to metion its quite the challenge.
76561198054026888,Recommended,212680,9746049,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Helweek,"FTL is a masterpiece, and the advanced edition adds even more horrifiying options. If you want a brutally difficult and unforgiving gaming experience with loads of possibilities on every play through look no further. I look forward to more genius from Subset Games."
,Recommended,212680,9747824,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Restex,nice oida
,Recommended,212680,9750045,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,panao_pil,"First of all I should say that I grown up watching movies like STAR WARS and TV series like STAR TRECK NEXT GENERATION, the original STAR TRECK SERIES etc....If you ask me, what can I say about that game, the anwser is easy... That game make me feel like Han Solo and Jan Luck Pickard at the same time!!Anything can happen in the void of space and this game can literally make you feel the agony of every minute out there.It's up to you what strategy will you follow: Will you upgrade your ships shields and engines hoping that you will manage to dodge the enemy fire?? Or you will spend your resources on a heavy laser system which will blow up your enemies out of the picture....The game goes like that: each time your ship enters a new sector comes against random events, So lets discripe what happens  in an ypothetical battle against the rebels fleet!!As your ship drops out of FTL speed (Faster Than Light!! speed) your radar pick up an enemy vessell!! Battle stations MEN!! You put your crew to engines and to Weapons controls... As you rerouting power to your ships shields you realise that the enemy has installed a powerfull missile system (that means that the shields cannot help you!!) Before you manage to open fire an enemy's missile found its target leaving you without navigation systems. Then Paul the crew man in the weapon console aims for enemy's missile system hoping to buy us some time when Phillip and Rocky (an alien of Rockman species) are running to the teleporter station with lasers at hand in order to attempt a take over of the enemy's bridge .......I think that's enough... Buy this game and live your own adventures.Its 10/10 for me, If out there is a space simulator that is FTL!I dont Known if it is possible to make a game with this battle system,only with better graphics.... a new deep storyline and some characters (with dialog options and leveling up) that would be a dream come true....for every gamer."
,Recommended,212680,9754343,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Mike 463,"This was a great game to start with.  Every system was random, events are random, tons of replay value.  With the new stuff added it just got better.  They even added a switch to turn off the new content.  THANK YOU FTL developers."
76561198006593765,Recommended,212680,9774625,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,The_Senate,This game be ♥♥♥♥♥in in space yo!
,Recommended,212680,9717365,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,brhoge,A++++ Would buy again.
76561198085353117,Recommended,212680,9717563,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,ajvent,"this is a simple game yet so much fun. For people who enjoy games where you have to survive, upgrade, and have random chances for bad or good things may happen. I belive this is a good game in all"
,Recommended,212680,9718429,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Centurion,"This game is probably one of the best sc-fi strategy games of all time (in my opinion) You ca nface other ships and get new ships, weapons, and crew. At sector 8 there is a final boss. Also there is an absolutley amazing modding communtity, there is an  easy to use mod manager that loads them fast."
76561198046458081,Recommended,212680,9719376,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Qooglz™,10/10 I always lose.
,Recommended,212680,9720294,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,<3 Honey <3,started a game and regretted every order i gave 11/10
,Recommended,212680,9721485,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,BlueJay,This game is amazing!
,Recommended,212680,9744286,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Alastair,"Easily one of the most fun Rogue-like indie title out there. You're tasked with managing your ship and crew while trying to survive the dangers of the universe. The game is tough, but feels incredibly satisfying once you beat a certain enemy or sector.   There are plenty of random elements and events with a hint of luck to keep your play-through interesting. There are tons of ships to unlock and (non-steam) achievements to beat. The music composed by Ben Prunty is absolutely fantastic. With the latest FREE 'Advance Edition' expansion, a lot more content and improvements had been implemented into the game. Replay value is incredible as well. Would definitely recommend.10/10"
,Recommended,212680,9724762,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Jénsen,"This was the best buy of all my games I have to say, it beat Garry's mod, CS: Source and many more. It's a thrilling game that takes time to complete but you can customise your ship so you can indulge in different strengths and weaknesses. The new update brings much more new things to fiddle with which brings glee to me. Once I saw videos of the update I instantly booted up my laptop so I can get right into it. So many things have been made easier and more effective. 10/10 for me, honest opinion."
,Recommended,212680,9707675,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Iron Hunny,"I feel like Captain Kirk. 10/10 All that's missing are the hot, green, alien women."
,Recommended,212680,8663784,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Traveler,"This is a wonderful game. It can run on a potato battery and it requires massive amounts of thought and planning. You can get many, many hours of entertainment from it, and it's worth every single one of the very few pennies it's asked for. 10/10."
,Recommended,212680,11485411,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Mimsy,"I got FTL on a whim during a sale knowing nothing about it. 80+ hours later (oh god has it been that many?), it's still going strong. When you get tired of the extremely challenging normal game, there are a lot of mods that significantly extend the gameplay.If you like anything even remotely roguelike, strategy, tactical, or even just ""Choose Your Own Adventure"": get this game."
,Recommended,212680,29120335,Posted: 8 January,all,Ravioli Ravioli,Faster ThanLightDeath is a charming game about flying through space to your demise over and over again.A great way to waste a few days of your life that you'll never get back. Still worth.
,Recommended,212680,2502494,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Fire is Cool,"This game is the bomb! Awesome crew management game which is randomly generated every time you play. If you ever wanted to be the captain of a Star Trek ship, this is your game."
,Recommended,212680,17272052,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,The Brofessor,"This is a very fun game. It's interesting to fly your ship around, blowing up everyone you meet. Until you get that one guy who shuts down your oxygen and lights it on fire. AT THE SAME TIME. The only downside to this is that it's really hard. i haven't made it past halfway yet."
76561198051980532,Recommended,212680,32637784,Posted: 22 June,all,Be Gus,I've only beaten it once
76561197968928855,Recommended,212680,32678875,Posted: 23 June,all,Atomiczam,Lot of depth hidden in a little package.
76561198345745507,Recommended,212680,32686938,Posted: 23 June,all,need.some.mail,Great game
,Recommended,212680,32697071,Posted: 23 June,all,Bogpin,"This game is great for those that like RPG's. It gets a little difficult, but still fun."
76561198161921317,Recommended,212680,32702009,Posted: 23 June,all,Tigercup9,"♥♥♥♥ing amazing. (Sorry for the poor review, I'm tired)"
,Recommended,212680,32705811,Posted: 23 June,all,ReggoEggo,I lost my will to live playing this game. The pain you feel after losing over and over in this game is not something I would wish on my worst enemy. 10/10 one of my favorite games.
,Recommended,212680,17953735,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,•X•,Difficult but extremely fun
,Recommended,212680,8758464,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,tk102,"FTL, you are a worthy addition to my library.  Great challenge, infinite replayability."
,Recommended,212680,28318463,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,Aelix,"I can wholeheartedly suggest this AMZING rouge-like space sim!! It has an amazing soundtrack, gameplay features and overall is great fun to play for those casual gamers like me!!"
76561198037767629,Recommended,212680,18097647,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,The Nebula Dragon,"This game is amazing. From the visuals to the weapons, ships, factions, atmosphere and the music, oh the music, don't even get me started on the pure beauty of it, it's brilliant. It was brilliant when it came out and then there was Advanced Edition and it became even better. If that's not enough there are plenty of mods for you. The permadeath and randomization means no adventure is the same and although it can be a bit disheartening when you die (don't play more than three games a day), the feeling you get from winning at last is glorious, and every bit of it is part of a perfect and atmospheric space adventure. It all adds up and all comes back around for a truly amazing and unique game.Hopefully you've gathered I like FTL. In fact I like it so much and it holds such a place in my heart that I nominated it for The 'Test of Time' Award in the Steam Awards."
,Recommended,212680,10813595,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Eagal,I would recommend this game! For the money I paid I already put 10 hours into it and I found it to be very entertaining and slightly chanllenging.
,Recommended,212680,9766900,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Peerless,"FTL is a great deviation from the roguelike formula.  Its refreshing and challenging and with the advanced mode, it got even better!"
76561197994003349,Recommended,212680,10411664,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Dadless2000,"Easy is normal, normal is hard, hard is psychotic.  Once you get that out of the way... tons of fun!  Deceptively complex, in a good way.  I've sunk way too much time into this game.  Exceptional value for its price."
76561198050565091,Recommended,212680,32839416,Posted: 26 June,all,LoveThumper,Good game
,Recommended,212680,32830292,Posted: 26 June,all,Clem Fandango,"A masterpiece of the roguelike and indie genres, and it's still great fun after many playthroughs (even though I haven't beaten the game once).Furthermore, Ben Prunty nails the 'floating through space' vibe with the flawless soundtrack.If you haven't played it, go play it. FTL is well worth the modest price of £6.99. Grab the soundtrack while you're at it.10/10"
76561198105699247,Recommended,212680,32833210,Posted: 26 June,all,Sir Waddles,Pretty cool.
,Recommended,212680,19920372,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,L E F T B O Y S,"Can't believe I've owned it this long without recommending it. Absolutely incredible in so many different ways. If you like text based/strategy/roguelike, or anything similar, this game is so good"
76561197984080142,Recommended,212680,27841300,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,supermoo,"Getting to know your crew by name, telling tales of them over coming the harsh realities of space travel then watching them slowly die of suffication as your main reactor gets destroyed by attack dronesGill and Charlie; you will be remembered"
76561198186741111,Recommended,212680,23344160,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,odds15,"Very challenging game even on ""easy"". You can keep playing it again and again"
,Recommended,212680,3594339,"Posted: 6 December, 2012",all,IllithidBane,"Rogue-like space sim with many unlockables, tough decisions, great risks, and surprising engaging combat given how simple it all is. Once my ship was boarded, shields are down, subsystems were on fire, power went down to weapons, and I survived with one last crewmember, I knew I was hooked."
76561197979075553,Recommended,212680,8148025,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Vladamir Begemot (MrAdventure),Now I see what everyone's talking about!
,Recommended,212680,16744818,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Krisdager,"Challenging, fun and with a great art style, this semi turn based space battle strategy game is hours of fun as you try to unlock all the ships and try to finish the game. The combat is challenging but easy to learn and varierty of weapons gives a large number of strategies to use. this simple rogue like is good fun and one game can last hours making it long term. Great fun and a great challenge to complete. 8/10"
,Recommended,212680,624563,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Jonman[GWJ],"Punishing, but genius, the learning curve is steep, but gradual. Compelling (take a drink) as all get-out with a hint of psychopathic space-nonsense."
76561198016397684,Recommended,212680,9437464,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Vysce,"As a fan of sci-fi shows like Battlestar Galactica and Firefly, FTL was one of the best space ship sims out there. Don't let the graphics fool you~"
,Recommended,212680,9775647,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Eclipse_,Soundtrack makes me cream. 10/10
,Recommended,212680,10762517,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Laytonesque,"This game will annoy you, no doubt about it.Winning is therefore made all the more sweeter, in the 50 times I've tried so far, there has only ever been one victory.Get this if you want a true challange."
,Recommended,212680,10649246,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Ader,"Surprisingly difficult, but amazingly addicting!"
,Recommended,212680,13854712,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,BigK64,"Have to say, this is a pretty addictive game to play.In fact, I been wanted to play this game for a long time but at the time I don't have any money to buy it.  The reviews I read certainly didn't help in subduing my developing obsession for it.After getting the game on the last Steam sale after Christmas, it certainely live up to the hype I have envisioned.  For the most part, every playthroughs I go through was like watching a space opera show like Star Trek, Farscape, Outlaw Star, Cowboy Bebop, etc where each of my crewmates have their own personality and misadventures as they travel through the star ways.  Too bad each ""shows"" I did all ended the same way (ship blown up in a no win situation and no escape possible).Here are some pros and cons I have with this game:+Challenging gameplay that forces the player to plan out some strategy when playing.+The RNG creates a naturally unpredictable nature when traveling the starways.+An incredible OST that creates the immersion of a space exploration tone.+Intresting features for customizing the ship and variety of aliens to interact with in the game.+Rouguelike gameplay that makes every decision you make matter.-The difficulty can make this game irritating for anybody not familar with this genre of the game.-. . . . . . Honestly the above con is the only con I have with this game.So yeah, buy this game right now if you want to get a game for a cheap price and not be disappointed in the end."
76561198121152327,Recommended,212680,30440727,Posted: 10 March,all,johan,a briliant and hard game way more awesome then the trailer. it has ha great soundtrack and fun combat. i recomend it to anyone who is up for a chalenge in space!!!(also i know i havent played for long when i write this but its awesome)
76561198092614837,Recommended,212680,14804455,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,mantisking2,"I have long been into spaceships and have been looking for a game that best simulates being a starship captain. This game certainly delivers. You are given directed control of all of your ship's systems, including weapons, engines, shields, airlocks, life support, etc. It truly feels like a geek fantasy. FTL combines a fun element of mystery and exploration as well as an excuse to take out your frustration on potentially hostile vessels, most of which will kill you. The game features a wide variety of usuable ships, each of which requires different tactics and playstyles, if you succeed in unlocking them. While the alien species in the game are certainly not particularly creative (rock people, slugs, etc), each race has different strengths and weaknesses that you can exploit to get the maximun efficiency out of your crew. For example, I couldn't help but smile when a giant praying mantis named ""Smith"" joined the ship's company.A word of caution: it is an exceedingly dangerous galaxy. This game is very unforgiving. While you can save your progress, if your crew members die, they are lost forever. If your ship is destroyed, your save is deleted and you will have to start over. So far, my ship has been blown apart, consumed in a solar flare, and at one point my crew asphixiated due to a life support failure. You will have to rely on your skill, good decision making, and a whole lot of luck to beat this game. For instance, when fleeing space pirates, you might warp into another quadrant, only to find your ship being battered by asteroids. Keep in mind that more than half of the time you will lose, even on the easiest settings (if you value your sanity, play on easy), but that is part of the appeal in a universe where almost every other ship is hunting you. It is not about finishing the game as it is about charting the unknown and encountering other races, hopefully those sympathetic to your cause. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who loves space exploration and doesn't mind losing most of their ships to the cold depths of space."
76561198064468019,Recommended,212680,23812158,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,dopcflood,"Great game to play. It is impressively simple, but also dynamic and fun. I would absolutely recommend this game."
,Recommended,212680,5209047,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Alanpep,Highly Addicting!
,Recommended,212680,4800286,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Criminal Pink,"I know you want to have your intestines pulled out from your urethra, you masochistic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. So gear up, click the ""normal"" difficulty setting, and prepare to die over and over again in the most cruel ways possible... I have lost the will to love."
,Recommended,212680,9784567,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Evitatnet,"Do yourself a favor and buy this game it's cheap, fun, and full of hellfire that sucks the air out the room."
,Recommended,212680,27928826,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,3cnuD,"This game is truly a gem, with challenging, yet extremely rewarding gameplay that seems quite simple at the surface, but the more you play it the more complex it gets. This game is definitely worth every penny I spent on it and I would reccommend it to anyone."
76561198033655354,Recommended,212680,32093939,Posted: 31 May,all,Sas,"Unique and challenging. One of my all time favorite games, and definitely one of the best rogue-likes out there. Play it, and be wrecked."
76561198137551659,Recommended,212680,32117716,Posted: 1 June,all,Fireflyfan16,Over 150 hours in and still loving FTL
,Recommended,212680,10902530,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,[IG] Spud497,I hate this game!!! BUT I CAN'T STOP PLAYING IT!! It's sooooo addictive! It's great! It's equal parts luck and skill to get anywhere but the feeling of satisfaction when you complete a run is unrivaled!
,Recommended,212680,10928161,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Crixus,"FTL is a wonderfully addictive single-player game. Combat is real-time but you can pause to give orders. Being able to pause combat doesn't stop the panic from setting in when you've got a fire spreading through your ship and intruders destroying your ship's subsystems, all while an enemy is blowing your ship to bits. A single playthrough can easily last hours and I frequently lose on easy difficulty. You can save your game state and quit but you can only reload from it once -- so no reloading your save file when dying. Just remember that death is part of the rogue-like gameplay; embrace it!The randomization of star sectors, events, and encounters keeps the game fresh along with free updates from the developer. I definitely recommend this game. Just remember one thing -- giant alien spiders are no joke!"
,Recommended,212680,10736375,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,linux,This game gets me hard.
76561198041239133,Recommended,212680,13142459,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,chino2468,"Addictive and simply awesome, a must buy!"
,Recommended,212680,26914714,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Torilis,10/10
,Recommended,212680,12847504,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zigg,"Day one: Manage to kill a few things, victory for me! Managed to get to the next sector.Some time later...Four pirates get on board. I lose two out of three crew and managed to kill them all by oxygen loss. I went to repair the oxygen system, but right before it was repaired, he died.IGN 11/10, would lose oxygen again."
,Recommended,212680,14751206,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Sputnik,imagine you being the captain of the starship enterprise but you and your entire crew are wearing red shirts
76561198046082380,Recommended,212680,11556987,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Liam,"This a fun game. Take out their guns, engines, oxygen, and watch them await death in the med-bay.P.S. Giant alien spiders are no joke and are to be avoided."
76561197977134074,Recommended,212680,11534528,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Septopus!,Definitely worth $10.
76561198116234113,Recommended,212680,11274859,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Bionic_Fox,"Fun game, just don't buy it if you can't stand losing. Don't. :P"
76561198025434083,Recommended,212680,10956188,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ending Earth,"One of the best buys I have ever made on Steam, it may seem like a short game, but my word I have played it for ages constantly needing to rethink my design and tactics; I think this game maybe the most replay-able games I have ever picked up.In short stop reading this and get it, as I can tell you it is dam well worth every penny!"
,Recommended,212680,14226624,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Kurtc1989,"Every thing is going fine. You're super powered by sector 4 through luck, enter the sector before the exit and BAM space virus kills your pilot and engines guy10/10"
,Recommended,212680,14264996,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Swish,"This game has been a surprise to me. Caught it in the Steam sale over Christmas and have to admit I didn't play it straight away. But casually loaded it up last week and have been hooked!You start with a crew of 3, with a basic loadout of weapons, fuel and the ability to get some drones to assist you with tasks like ship repairs, intruders, among others. Your mission? KEEP MOVING! The rebels are chasing you from one sector to the next. On your journey you'll be encountering events such as pirates chasing down defenceless ships (do you help them? do you accept a pirate bribe to stay out of it?) and you can sell scrap you collect to upgrade your systems (buy additional crew members to help with unmanned systems, buy fuel, rockets, new weapons...). You'll never have enough scrap to outfit your ship completely so it's very important to make the right decision.The ""random"" element of the game is perhaps its best feature. No 2 games are the same, you can ""jump"" once and get an additional crew member, or you can jump and find yourself staring at a rebel ship wanting to shoot you to pieces....and if you wanted more than something that was replayable, you've got a truly excellent soundtrack to listen to as you play that's atmospheric and draws you in.Best indie game I've played personally, and I'd definitely get it... whether you want it right now or whether you can wait til the next sale, at least add it to your wishlist, and look it up on YouTube :)"
76561198040715770,Recommended,212680,14762308,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Krusty06,"Like being Picard, LaForge and Worf at the same time! Intriguing."
76561198089916008,Recommended,212680,14655214,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,WhyMe?,"FTL is a neat little thing. its a wonderful little game, i play it on long car rides and its great. and it doesn’t end. it may say it does but its a lie, you cant beat it… its like not physically possible. all those things on youtube… they’re all hackers a swear. no but really i haven’t beaten it once how do you do it?! anyway, the game idea is wonderful. its nice and i feel like because of how it works it could easily be turned into an ipad or phone game. it would do really well and i would play that all day! anyway, its a good game and if you have some cash lying around you may want to consider picking it up."
,Recommended,212680,7742279,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,alex_rochette,"Buy this game now! It has the best value/game time of my entire game library (about 0.05$/hour played).Specially when I compare this to AAA games that cost 60$, of which i probably played 5 hours (15$/hours).To the developers, I have nothing but praise to give them. Thank you for making this game!FTL is a game that will frustrate you in the best way possible. It is hard, unforgiving, and deeply satisfying when you finaly reach the last level, only to realize that you are unprepared for the final boss.This game brings many addicting element such as random world generation and events, so that to unlock all ships you will have to play many times. Moreover, you will have to plan out your ship upgrades relatively early depending on which store you encounter. This means that your quest will probably be on a head-on collision with failure, only for you to find out in the final levels.I highly recommend to play at the hardest level. It will then be that much more satisfying to unlock that ship you wanted or to encounter the final boss. At easy, you will probably finish the game and unlock everything in 20 hours or less, but at what cost future player....at what cost...future player.In 100 hours of play time, I only finished the game 3 times and would not have it any other way.Give them your money, they deserve it!"
,Recommended,212680,7804654,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Underking,This steals my time very easily which can only be a good thing.  I would love to see more depth added and way  more customisation options for your ships & crew.  Should be in everyone's library.
76561198065741746,Recommended,212680,7885699,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mikey Mike,"I would be lying if I said I weren't a little obsessed with indie games. FTL is by far one of the best. There's nothing quite like piloting your own spaceship through a randomized galaxy going from planet to planet to collect resources to upgrade your ship for the final battle. And then there's nothing quite like watching your beautiful ship get destroyed by the boss and have victory taken from your grasp; this may sound bad, but this game is truly about the journey and I know that when I finally beat the boss, I am going to feel like I truly accomplished a challenge; something that is hard to come by in games nowadays. Be warned, you will die a lot and it can be frustrating, but there's something about FTL that keeps drawing me back in; I've put in 60hours to FTL and all of which I have enjoyed dearly."
76561198245974650,Recommended,212680,30431263,Posted: 10 March,all,igloo,good game really hard.
76561198022348689,Recommended,212680,7798405,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MrSpock,"This game makes me feel like Captain Kirk when I play it.  It's ridiculously fun.  It blends science fiction and roguelikes to great effect.  Playing this game, I have done many cool things, including:* Taken down enemy starships in close battles.* Redirected power from life support to weapons systems in a last ditch attempt to finish off the enemy.* Purchased automated drones with scraps from the ships of my enemies.* Beamed aboard an enemy ship and taken them down from the inside.* Saved the galaxy!If you're into roguelikes, and love a good starship-centered sci-fi, I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198053853574,Recommended,212680,7827445,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,hyexz,"This game is a blastNo space gun pun intentedJust when you think you're doing well a fire breaches your hull and kills everyoneFrusterating yes, but that won't stop you from sending a new crew to their doom"
,Recommended,212680,23355859,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,BaconCopter,"Phenomenal game. Harsh difficulty curve if you can't press spacebar or think about strategic order.If the AE game isn't hard enough, there are some amazing mods out there to increase how random every run is. Captain's Edition adds new weapons, new events, harder enemies, everything you wanted to make the bases even more ridiculous."
,Recommended,212680,8040432,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,dodob,"Love love love FTL. If you ever wanted to man the Enterprise and shout, ""TORPEDO THE SHIELDS!"" this game is for you. Simple intuitive controls, very easy to understand gameplay, and I read somewhere that the game was designed to be unwinnable 80% of the time. Yet at the end of every round I tell myself ONE MORE GAME, until it is 4:30 in the morning and the sun starts to shine through the shades.I cannot imagine anyone not liking this game. Fantastic soundtrack too. I call a liar anyone who hasn't inadvertently hummed the Rockmen battle song while sitting on the toilet."
,Recommended,212680,8047457,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Dirty30-Mouze,Good little Starship Combat strategy.  Feels good to finally beat the bugger.  Best part? Winning with a Ship named: Space Herpes.
,Recommended,212680,8130549,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Will B3tray 4 Food,"One of my favorite games of all time. Adventure, action, and survival alll wrapped into a amazing musical and exciting game!"
76561198021091377,Recommended,212680,8141702,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Orthodoxa,good game
,Recommended,212680,8141914,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Jagge,"Fun, easy to play but hard to master roguelike. Be prepared to die many times before you ""play through"" this game."
,Recommended,212680,8145687,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,M4DVillain,"♥♥♥♥ing dirty♥♥♥♥♥Slugs tricking me, but I kick they butts, then they say ""no don't kilssss ussss we givesss you moneyyy"" but they never ♥♥♥♥ing did so I killed them anyway"
,Recommended,212680,8131585,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Wakeful,DIS GAME IS F*CKIN AWSOME!!!!
,Recommended,212680,8968627,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,KarateF22,"Amazing game, especially for its price and especially for an indie. Has a steep learning curve, so some googling might be a good idea. Lots of fun and a good time sink."
76561198071338801,Recommended,212680,10553944,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nero,"Awsome game, it is a really good text based game. I suggest you get it."
76561198044072328,Recommended,212680,5000058,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,Bob The Fucking Builder,"This game is superb and the backround music creats a sort of ambience when exploring and a tense atmosphere when fighting normal ships...It's when you get to The last stand where it is most intense, the mega intense music only for The Last Stand part and the intense, nail-biting and -in most situations- down-to-the-wire gameplay that create an all together heart-racing experience. The design of this game is brilliant to every detail. Not a graffical masterpeice, but the graffics are good enought for the demands of the game. I urge anyone to buy this game."
,Recommended,212680,11042318,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,kai,"Threw away an entire day to play the game, and finally beat it with the most mundane/rudimentary tactics in the entire universe. Had many close calls on the final boss, and then I realized that I had beaten easy mode. 10/10 ruined my self confidence."
,Recommended,212680,20272893,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Anonymous Shoe Salesman,bretty gud
,Recommended,212680,9747985,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,laggyteabag,"FTL: Faster Than Light is a brilliantly made sci-fi rougelike game made by Subset Games. FTL boasts practically limitless replayability and the ability to make the player come back for ""just one more run"" countless times.FTL is procedurally generated, whether it be the layout of the galaxy, the layout of the solar systems, as well as the placement of the planets and the encounters within them. This makes the game almost infinitely replayable, as well as equally fun each time. This replayability is aided by the availability of multiple ships, and even more ship layouts, allowing the player to start differently each time, and changing their playstyle to suit each loadout. For example, the Mantis ship (layout B) has no offensive weapons to speak of, only offering a teleportation pad, and a couple of drones to aid you in your battles, this ship is geared towards boarding and eliminating the crew of each ship, and winning that way, however it is equally possible to equip the ship later on with lasers and missiles, and change the way that the ship functions entirely.The gameplay itself can sometimes feel fairly random as the weapons have a percentage chance to hit, and because of this, the weapons can miss entirely, often leaving the player feeling cheated if the laser, bomb or missile fails to connect, but the game is still fun regardless, especially when eliminating a large, and very dangerous ship. You can upgrade your ship, visit merchants to buy new weapons or systems, complete quests, or travel to distress signals to deal with barren wreckages, or giant alien spiders (who can, and probably will eat one of your crew). One of the great things about FTL is the amount of control that you have over the ship and the crew, you can control who operates what system, what systems have power, and what weapons will shoot and where, also, one of the most satisfying things about this game is the ability to control doors, which sounds very simple, but the ability to open and close doors allows the player to suck oxygen out of a room, both putting out fires and damaging invading crew, giving you a tactical advantage, or dealing with hazards without putting vulnerable crew in danger. The important thing to remember about FTL is that the game features permadeath, so that means that if your ship is destroyed, you don’t respawn at a checkpoint, you are dead and you have to start over. Many people dislike permadeath, it can put people off, and I can see why, but I love the tension and fear that it conveys.The UI for FTL is very crisp and clean. You can see both you ship, as well as your enemies, very clearly, as well as important details such as the condition of your ship and the systems within, the condition of your crew, power levels, as well as the charge of each weapon. This allows the game to be simple to play, as well as allowing the UI to take up as little space as possible.The story of FTL is very simple, and really not that important. From what I determined, you are a member of the Federation, the overthrown government, and you are carrying some important Intel that will help turn the tide of the war against the rebelsm so you, and you alone, need to get from one side of the galaxy to the other without getting killed along the way. Whilst the story is very simple, it does provide an explanation for the rebel death wall that follows you throughout each system, preventing you from exploring every planet, and punishing you for being slow, as well as allowing for a boss battle at the end of each playthrough in the form of the Rebel flagship, a challenging but devastating foe that wastes no time in firing everything it has at you. If you are coming to FTL looking for a literary masterpiece, you are not going to find it, but the story really isn't FTL's focus.My main issue with FTL is that graphically, it is quite poor, or at least not to my taste. The ingame sprites and animations take on a pixel art aesthetic, but the rest of the game, including the ships, look like the game was made using MS paint. These are two graphic styles that have never really appealed to me, and as a result the game looks very low budget and visually unappealing. Whilst I would have liked something more graphically appealing (See Star Citizen), I feel like it may have detracted from the simplicity and cleanliness of what FTL currently has in place.FTL's sound effects are basic at best, a laser sounds like a laser, missiles explode and sound like an explosion, and when an airlock is opened, it hisses exactly as you would expect it to. The game itself sounds okay, nothing special, and nothing spectacular, just okay. FTL's soundtrack however is an entirely different beast. Composed by Ben Prutny, FTL's soundtrack is often anywhere between using chip tunes during battle, or sometimes using more sombre music to make you feel like you really are alone in space when entering an uninhabited planet or section of space. He really knocked it out of the park here, and it works great with the game and it’s gameplay.Recently FTL updated with a free expansion pack labelled ""FTL: Advanced Edition"". What this expansion pack does is it includes new ships, new ship layouts, new weapons, and even a new race as well as a lot more. Free DLC like this doesn't come around too often, and the game was made much better for it. If for whatever reason the content is not to your taste however, you can disable it before launching a new game.FTL is a brilliant game, one that I would find it hard not to recommend to someone, even at full price. You can play FTL for 10 minutes, or for 10 hours, and still not get bored and feel like there is still a lot to explore. All in all, FTL is a great game, and well worth whatever price, especially if you are looking for a good space game."
,Recommended,212680,12421055,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Baylos,this game is good must get
,Recommended,212680,8697316,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Confused,played 24 hours first day.
,Recommended,212680,10760012,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,avanhokie,"The first jump leads to invasion by Mantis pirates, and the destruction of my ship.10/10"
,Recommended,212680,9720434,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Wonkyth,Wonderful game. :)
,Recommended,212680,8649457,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,El Hugzo,"Like all other good rouge likes, its increadly reawarding and amazing fun, that also can he destroyed in seconds."
,Recommended,212680,16639681,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,nevaR,"Amazing game.With such random nature of the game, everything is possible.(No, seriously. I thought I was gonna win a fight, but then I barely escaped alive)Random events, random maps, even random encounter!You wouldn't have guessed that spot you thought safe was actually the spot where you'll die.More ship gets unlocked the more you advance through the game.Even the ships has variants!And the outcome ofrandomevents have several probabilities, which made me wonder whether the decision was right or not.You thought those civilians you just helped will thank you?Nope, they ran away.They left you for dead.Overall, this game was one of the best bang for the buck. Especially if you're a roguelike lover.(And oh, did I mention space pirates?)Remember the golden rule for roguelike games:You will die. A lot."
76561198097686746,Recommended,212680,11209994,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,America's Favorite Asian,Lots of alien nudity! I'd say its a 10/10
,Recommended,212680,2680279,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,brogonzo,This is an terrifically fun little rogue-like space sim. Get it.
,Recommended,212680,1993415,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,Knuckles,This game makes me want to cut myself. And yet I'm still playing it. Does this make me a masochist?
76561198045137337,Recommended,212680,10521330,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Commander Red-Cog,"Captain's log, stardate ""♥♥♥♥ if I know"". The Marley 420 has successfully made it into sector 6. Stalin died at 5:60 P.M, due to multiple stab wounds from the ""Ram-a-Mantis-Ship"" day incident. Hitler is still crying in the bathroom about that. Engines are still damaged, as the Rock person we picked up that we sent to fix it 2 days ago still hasn't reached it. Also, I'm starting to worry about Weed and what he's done to his Drone Station. When I went in there, there were little iron idols all over the console, candles on the floor, and Weed chanting in the corner to what I gather to be the RNG Gods. I may have to send him aboard the next federation ship we pass, his chanting has gotten too loud. Anyway, that's all to report for today. Hopefully, We make it to sector 8 in one peice. This is captain ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ of the Marley 420, signing off."
76561198080747432,Recommended,212680,8704731,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Human The Tree,"As a Sci-fi nerd who loves strategy games, this was perfect for me. I recently logged my 43 hour, I've played 50 games, and I've only beat the boss once. THIS GAME WILL KICK YOUR TEETH IN. Don't get it if you don't like a challenge.The visuals and soundtrack are great; I can't complain. I can already tell that I'm going to be coming back to this game for a long time."
76561198075543038,Recommended,212680,6798401,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Lil. Broomstick,Its all fun in games until you find the sun...
,Recommended,212680,5145488,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,Thedesian,"An amazing funn little game if you are into sci fi or commanding ships, space ships in thi case, you will want to play for hours! :D"
,Recommended,212680,10776406,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Disjoined_Fool,Made me want to smash my head into my desk every 5 minutes.10/10
,Recommended,212680,3970650,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,Strawberries,"Such a great game, so much fun, BUY IT!!"
,Recommended,212680,16504774,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Knock Knock,"Fun game, but its horrible for your blood pressure. You'll rage. You'll scream. You'll flip your desk over. Then you'll load it back up and start again."
76561198048554216,Recommended,212680,9730501,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nutter,I just wish people would leave me alone so I can launch missiles into their oxygen tanks.
,Recommended,212680,9984556,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Mango,High replay value. Great with the Captain's Edition mod or on its own.
,Recommended,212680,9720958,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Threskiornis moluccus,"its cool in ftl because you are actually the ships AI. the captain doesn't hold any real power other than ""i choose whether ship goes up or down in combat"" and you hold all the cards. especially the ones which say 'i wabnt to trade in all our weapons except the ones that shoot the colour blue"" or ""3/5 of our crew dont need oxygen, why shouldthe rest of you??"""
76561198070475015,Recommended,212680,28025730,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,still crosshair,Got tired of the boss and just tried to collect all the ships. Got 81 hours out of just that.
,Recommended,212680,9599448,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Cloud Nein,"Lemme just start off by saying this, FTL is gonna be the best (Indie) game you've ever played. This can be played for countless hours, and guess what, you're never gonna have the same experience. I love the hell out of this game, and if you can pick this game up, go for it. You won't be disappointed, between replayability, customization, RTS, and dat 8-bit feel, this game is amazing."
,Recommended,212680,11277491,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,WSFpower,"Got to beacon with the engi virus eventClick blue option out of instinctOnly had one crew member (engi)""All crew members have died. Your ship will continue to drift for eternity. Or until looters destroy it.""10/10 would play again"
,Recommended,212680,9775966,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Nineball,There's a sort of odd satisfaction that I get from depressurizing my ENTIRE Ship just to put out one fire...Or to kill anyone stupid enough to board my ship.10/10 Would Endanger Crew Safety Again
,Recommended,212680,13819566,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,snmcdonald,"I am happy that I bought this game for only $2.50. This is one of my first experience with a rogue-like game. For those, that don't know, a rogue-like game does not let you save, you will die often and most likely not ""win"" until you master the basics.  This game is very punishing, you can go from a full crew and upgraded ship to a breached hull, damaged oxygen tanks, and a teleported intruder destroying your ship.Pros:It is the games difficutly and procedurally generated world that keeps you replaying. Every time you play the sectors are different and new events occur randomly.I love how the ship systems are all interconnected. If you have a fire you can send your crew to fight the fire and get hurt, or just open an air lock. However, you need to provide power to your doors to open, and power to your oxygen tanks to refill your rooms. Generally, power is limited and you have to juggle what systems are priority. The different species/races you crew your ship have interesting and unique abilities. Engi are robotic like and can repair your ship quickly, Zoltan are energy based and can self power their assigned system. There are also rockmen, slugs, mantis and humans. Each race has their own ships with three different layouts, all of which are unlockable.Cons:***To be honest if this was not a rogue-game, it would receive terrible reviews for its very short story line.*** Not that this game is limited, but the content is very short. You have roughly eight sectors to clear and only one boss.I personally like to roleplay my gaming experience, especially one so rich in races, starships and encounters. I like to get attached to my characters and build them up. I expect to lose a few crew, but not totally lose everything and start over. This game will let you personally name your starship and your crew, but why bother. It took me 15 hours to beat the game on easy, and I probably lost over a hundred star ships."
,Recommended,212680,538504,"Posted: 19 December, 2012",all,Qinji,crack cocaine disguised as a game...
76561197999052534,Recommended,212680,14914243,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,jim_magim,"KABOOOOM. Crap. I forgot those green glowing guys can't beat up mantis people and they disabled my sheild. Okay let's do this again.Kabooooom! Crap. What is that lazer weapon! I need three!*hub display: oxygen levels at 3%. OH NO!, LAZERS MAKE ME BREATHE....and they are all dead. One more time.OH no they are in the wall! They are everywhere, what happened to Kaptain Kirk? Burned? OH NO THE Fire...if I get to the reactor in time I ...........KABOOOOOM!Maybe I will take a break.......*New ship unlocked* ................ Welll maybe just one more time.10/10 Great."
76561198076022835,Recommended,212680,14457551,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Waffle Floffle,"A'ight y'all listen the ♥♥♥♥ up cause I am about to give you the review of your goddamn lifetime. This game is so good, you'll cry when you die. You got the perfect run? Guess what, RNGesus says no ♥♥♥♥♥. You get in, you got ya ship, and you got so many options to kill yourself. Dissapointed the bio weapon does not have a bleach alternative, but Flak guns are cool.Seriously though, this is a great game!Even if you are unsure you can buy it and there is 2 hrs of playtime to test it before you can't refund it, so you can find out if you really like it.Also it is very difficult so go easy on your first try or else you will instantly hate the game.You will still hate the game, but you will also love it."
76561198116800401,Recommended,212680,14468162,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Hackdeen,FTLSpaceship Hell.RNGThose dice fell.Pursued through space by the rebels wanna piece of meThis feels like Voyager though it looks like TNGBlast doors failing Chitin scrapes on plastisteelI'm venting 02 will those Mantis get a mealwhite-pink-red now we have low oxygenErrily quiet wait what's that coming from the engi-FTLSpaceship HellWTFGalaxy KnellPirate surrenders offers me some scrap and fuelI call him Charlton Heston take from his fingers coolFire up my Jump drive wait till we translateSensors ping Engi aiming to annihilateWeapon control in flames shields are failingOptions limited should we try hail-FTLSpaceship HellLOLRuptured NacelleSense of Deja Vu is crippling my confidenceFound a survivor struggling with my responseAlone long time damged mind thats a factIts not like hes gonna stab me in the bac-FTLSpaceship HellMDKMeteor spellFought through the sectors final battle gone tragicWhy did the empire never warn me bout the flagshi-FTLSpaceship HellPMSDave Chapelle
,Recommended,212680,16798885,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Antwantcookie,@#$%ing amazingI've only played an hour of it and love itmust have for science fiction fans
,Recommended,212680,16838103,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,B0bthebum,I have wasted 42 hours of my life in easy mode without a single win.This must be what being addicted to meth is like: you know it's killingyou and it makes you completely enraged but you keep going back to it.I fully reccomend this game to all my enemies.12/10
76561198073755526,Recommended,212680,16832599,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,nervous laughter,"FTL: Faster than Light (presumably FTL also means Faster than Light?), is so damn solid a game you could build a ♥♥♥♥ing skyscraper on it.It's similar to the Binding of Isaac for serveral reasons: You'll die a lot, there's a lot of randomness to it and there's about 17 tonnes of nuances to learn. You control a spaceship of the Galactic Federation, and you must deliver the plans to the last federation base on the other side of the galaxy, while fighting enemies and upgrading your ship in the process. You have a crew to micro-manage to repair things and fight intruders, while your weaponry pew-pews enemy ships. It's kind of retro, with an artstyle that could be done with the straight line tool on Microsoft Paint, but you can't move in real time, as you jump across sectors as the malevolent red cloud of the Rebel Fleet pursues you.I suppose the real fault in FTL:FTL is the randomness. While every game will never be the same, and there's random events and interactions, it can be the source of annoyance. Many random events will damage your ship or kill your crew, and it's entirely possible to fail epically very early.My worst attempt happened when I was flying the Mantis A, a ship designed for boarding. I jumped to a Pulsar for the second jump, where I naturally let my boarders onto the enemy ship immediately. Unfortunately, the pulsar ionised my Shields and Engines, so I couldn't charge up my FTL to get away. However, with no shields, the teleporter was damaged, so the boarding crew died, and eventually I took enough damage that I died because I had no shields and couldn't jump away."
,Recommended,212680,16764048,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Jbrooksdev,Command a ship like you're Captain Picard.Watch it crash and burn like your Capt Reynolds.
,Recommended,212680,16592034,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,CeeDåhPinX一,What a beautiful game. A simple yet sleek seamless space orientated RPG proves to be extremely addictive and immersive. Buying this game is a wise choice.
76561198137646048,Recommended,212680,16605854,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Inferno,"This game in a nutshell in a super dramatic voice ""Rogue-Like in SPACE!!!!!!!!"""
,Recommended,212680,16622217,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Jrs3000,"This game is probably one of the most frustatingly fun games i've ever played. Its hard to do well in the game honestly because you can all is well make one jump and be in the hardest situation you've faced before. Yet, even if you get absolutely destroyed you'll still have a strange urge to restart and continue playing the game.This is the type of game you can play for hours and not get bored. I would say this is probably one of the best games i've ever played."
,Recommended,212680,16525606,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Pillow,2hard4me
76561198041010149,Recommended,212680,16564738,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Backwood Jones,10/10 suffocated my crew in airlock
,Recommended,212680,16552985,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,dage,Fun.
,Recommended,212680,18210674,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,tocazer,"You remember the time when videogames werent just about graphics and marketig but about gameplay and fun?You remember the time when you could buy a game and be sure there wont be any DLCs to suck up even more money just for content that already was there in the first place anyaways?You remember the time when videogames actually had great soundtrack and you would start the game just to listen to it?You remember the time games didnt need a two-hour long tutorial despite having zero debt and everything being exploitable anyways?You remember the time games actually had replay value that will keep you playing for a long period of time?You remember the time you crushed your controller/beat up your little brother/[insert questionable action here] out of rage because the games were actually challenging?FTL: Faster Than Light brings you back to this time.Bonus: The ""DLC"" released for this game is completely free (yes, you heard right) and adds amazing content which todays large companies would charge the double amount of the base-price of this game for."
,Recommended,212680,18730969,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Crocodeele,"Good rage sim, 9/11 would punch the wall again."
,Recommended,212680,27526937,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Kattegat Twin,"Hard as nails, frustrating, unfair... and loads of fun. Tonnes of replayability here, and that's before you even touch mods.Easy mode is not easy; it will take a long time to beat.The pixel graphics are cute and they do the job perfectly. The soundtrack is incredible and really helps with the immersion. Oh, and you can name your crew members, which gets instant bonus points from me.No two games are ever the same, and there are a crapload of different weapons, systems & ships to use and discover.  Then there's the advanced mode, which adds more stuff.If you're the kind of person who needs a ""TL;DR"" when they read text, then (a) this game is not for you, you impatient child, and (b) you should be ashamed of yourself.Anyone else - get this game ffs.10/10"
,Recommended,212680,26803981,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Cony,This game is as fun now as it was when it was released. I can play it for a quick distraction or if I want to entertain myself for hours.
,Recommended,212680,18540262,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,flareboy127,"Great game, recomend to all those who like a challenge. Love the action packed gameplay and the risk taking involved of in game actions. Love the diologue system, where all your choices can cause diffrent outcomes, and help you or harm you on your journey."
76561198190524347,Recommended,212680,18649223,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,ShapiroKeats,"This game is so hard it will want to make you want to scream. But...in space, no one can hear you scream.10/10 would scream in space again"
76561198032446780,Recommended,212680,19297231,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Ghets,I haven't beaten the game yet.
76561198090288608,Recommended,212680,16510250,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,DreadCarcass,Hours of game time
,Recommended,212680,16763134,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Misfiring,Isn't easy difficulty suppose to be easy?
,Recommended,212680,16698472,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,DarkOrion11,"One of the best space games ever. There's too many things to explore and too many ways to go. Its hard and really really fun to play. You'll die so many times when you're playing this game, but however it'll keep you playing. This game really needs a squel.11/10"
,Recommended,212680,4421254,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,Tom Cruise,This game is great. Its fun and addicting. Its sort of designed so you will eventually fail at some point. The galaxies you go through are all randomly generated and every colony thing has a random event per thing.  This game was made by 2 people and i say they did one heck of a job.
76561198038639818,Recommended,212680,4532998,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Gen the Skunk,"I pity the soul who buys this game, because it will be wholly consumed by the complexity and ingenuity of this game. It has a reasonably high learning curve and fairly simplistic graphics, but once you pick up on how everything works you'll be in for an adventure.The game is very roguelike, proposing many scenarios at random as you explore space. FTL does a good job at making each run vastly different from the last, and even as you begin to see and memorize all of the different events you may encounter, the suprise never goes away.Which leads into my one criticism: this game can be cruel. Even on easy mode, you can easily be ruined by the RNG. You can buffer a lot of the mistakes you may run into with proper micromanagement, but a large, LARGE part of the game is simply the luck of the draw, which might become frustrating for some.If you can look beyond that, then you'll find an inexpensive treat that will provide you with enough hours of entertainment that eclipse many of the $60 games out there. It's that addictive."
,Recommended,212680,4766947,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Klåd,"Amazing game, it's a hell of a time sink"
,Recommended,212680,8419897,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,spike396,"It seems so simple until you realize how many options you have. It makes you think, ""Will I need this in the next sector or will I just die to more Mantis invaders?"" Definately a good game if you like a generally slower paced game. (Though it does get much faster in combat) Even the most useless looking weapon or augmentation can turn the whole game around. Spend your scrap right, and you'll never lose; Waste too much fuel, and you'll drift forever. PAUSE FUNCTION IS THE BEST!"
76561198027905944,Recommended,212680,8583014,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,A Big Sweaty Mexican,"This game is superb.FTL is a ship-command rougelike game. You're in control of a federation ship, sent on a mission to warn the last federation fleet of the rebellion's plans. Along the way you'll need to upgrade the systems and weapons of your ship by visiting merchants, as well as fight pirates, rebels, slavers and more. The map is procedural, meaning no two runs will be the same, and when you die, you have to start all over again (of course, any ships you unlock don't dissapear). It took me over eighty hours of playtime to beat this game, and never once did it get old.On top of this, the visuals are unique, and the soundtrack by Ben Prunty is amazing. Seriously, if you want a challenge check it out. Its going to be updating and adding some new features soon too, so theres that."
76561198102896794,Recommended,212680,9019456,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,sir potato,"FTL is one of rogue like game that stands out. It si based in space and  is very fun with the variety of ships to play with. There are tons of enemies,weapons,drones,ships and many more.Get it now!!!"
76561198072573149,Recommended,212680,9151625,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,wingseagles77,"I drew spaceships like this as a kid. Having them come to life in such a technically precise way is super cool.In form and function it is similar to the space exploration element ofMass Effect 2,with crew combat onboard ship as well as system development and rts combat. I would complain about the graphics, except that I never stop to think about them during gameplay.The game is challanging, but not impossible, and there seems to be quite a few possible strategies for victory. I would give this game an 8/10, and say it is definitely worth the price. I will be picking up any sequels or dlc for sure.Now I must put the game down and sleep. Damn."
,Recommended,212680,9172913,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Purple Yoshi Egg,"The vanilla game gets old really quickly, but with the FTL Infinite Space mod, it breathes new life into the game by making it purely exploration without pressure."
76561198070182780,Recommended,212680,8267510,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,gloves,"Absolutely incredible game.Now, I've just purchased it during the winter sale on this account for about 4 dollars, and jesus CHRIST was it worth every penny!Lots of stratagy and planning involved, but rushing isn't impossible.Upgrade your ship to defend or destroy enemy ships faster, manage hull damage, choose your crew, your ship, unlock upgrades and ships, and so much more!Now, the graphics, just because they arn't ""Grade A Battlefield Ultra Graphics"" doesn't mean you shouldn't buy the game.BUY IT. YOU WON'T REGRET IT."
,Recommended,212680,8267516,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,XMast3r,"THIS GAME IS VERY GOOD, I WOULD RECOMMEND IT TO ANYONE THAT ENJOYS GOOD GAMES!"
76561198104725922,Recommended,212680,8268890,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,killerteddy22,Good and simple game! Please make a second part!
,Recommended,212680,8282911,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,La Montagne,YOU CAN'T BEAT THIS GODDAMN GAME I LOVE IT.
,Recommended,212680,8283085,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,nighthawk,"This game soaks up time. Trying to first beat the boss on easy, then on normal, followed by trying to unlock all the ships and get all the achievements. There is just so much to do. Some playthroughs may feel similar to older ones, but those are few and never near each other. This adds a lot or replayability. An amazing grab at only $10."
,Recommended,212680,8286383,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,"""He has Aimlock""","THIS GAME IS SO AWESOME LIKE DOOD! This game is definatly worth the money! Theres so many aspects to the game like pirates, drones, missles, and LAZERZ! I definitly reccomend playing this one-hell-of-a-indie game"
,Recommended,212680,8247980,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Zero,"Suprisingly good for a cheap $2 (on sale) game. I've already put enough time into it to be worth the $5 it frequently sells at, and I suspect I will get more than the $10 normal value out of it."
76561198098002608,Recommended,212680,8275851,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cynder,FIRE THE BULLETS! FIX THE ENGINES! HOLY BALLS OUR HULL IS ON FIRE!
,Recommended,212680,8276474,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Less shitty internet Kibz,"It's an awesome game, for those who want to be a space commander. :D"
76561198017699322,Recommended,212680,8580870,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Insufferable Smartypants,I don't care.   I'm still free.You can't take the sky from me.
,Recommended,212680,8849323,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Smithlarr,"Addictive, constatly replayable, can't wait for the advanced edition update!"
76561198055500198,Recommended,212680,8852405,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Technohobo,this game is realy fun harder than any game i have played in a long time. and it feels good every time you brain your way out of a terifing incounters
,Recommended,212680,8837682,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,"dr. slit juice, MD",Absolutely brutal space running roguelike unlike anything else out there. Fun as ♥♥♥♥ but can be frustratingly hard.
76561197972429764,Recommended,212680,7818572,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Xuincherguixe,"Space. The final frontier. These are the voyages of the starship (insert name here) it's immediate mission to outrun the rebellion, deliver a message, to get as far away from here as possible!In FTL you manage a spaceship and it's small crew. Moving individuals from station to station. You travel between locations where there will be some kind of encounter. Sometimes you can get special options which make the situation easier to resolve if you have a crew member of a certain species or some kind of equipment.Can be pretty hard, but it's not entirely arbitrary. You can generally run away if things get bad, but at the same time you need to take some risks if you want to have a ship that can take on the boss at the end.There are also ways to unlock various ships and variants, some of which can really change the way the game goes.Pretty fun."
,Recommended,212680,8198420,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sketti,"I've only playede through a little bit of this game but even on easy it's so difficult that you know you'll have to earn EVERYTHING in this game, which is how more games should be. Along with that difficulty comes the sence of achievement I haven't felt with a game in a long time.Go out and buy this! Just do it because you won't regret it."
,Recommended,212680,10769610,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ChaoticLaughter,"An extreemly fun game to play, it challanges the player while creating a fresh experience on every play through of the game."
,Recommended,212680,7752932,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Daawnily,"Well, since this is kind of a first review type of thing i will be short.Pro's:-Fun game-Can be quite challenging-A lot of variety-Has mods to it, so even more varietyCon's:-Sometimes, random number generator hates you-You cant rum your ship into other ships ;<"
,Recommended,212680,6827323,"Posted: 1 February, 2013",all,uranus,win!
76561198116530185,Recommended,212680,13619530,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Treaty,"The journey is fun, but that journey lasts 2 hours long and can be meaningless when the final boss destroys you. It's cheap enough when on sale to get your money's worth out of it though."
,Recommended,212680,13631101,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sr. Wrongalot,"Go to the next beacon, it is in the middle of an astroid field, get attacked by automated ship, it shoots a missle at me, hits my level 4 shields room...... it takes out the whole system. I cry, i'm at 2nd last sector with good stuff. I watch hopelessly as astroides hit my systems 1 by one..... I die fast. and cryed.... for hours. 11/10"
,Recommended,212680,13659107,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Pizzaman989,"Extremely fun, yet incredibly challenging. It's one of those games that's fun for awhile, but once you fall out of it, you kinda never go back. However the 10 plus hours I got out of, basically a flash game, is totally worth it."
,Recommended,212680,13676644,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,CLASHER,Cant...... Stop...... Playing..................
,Recommended,212680,15076042,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Walshy,Good but hard!
,Recommended,212680,15783241,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Spyhunter223,Most my time was spent slower than light
76561198035627511,Recommended,212680,14286630,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Wheelspawn,This game will kick your♥♥♥♥♥
76561197987136591,Recommended,212680,1118792,"Posted: 29 September, 2012",all,Nickolaevitch,Old school and hardcore roguelike!
,Recommended,212680,14783109,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Ayfios,Found a Glaive Beam floating in space10/10 would GG again
76561198054119026,Recommended,212680,14849020,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Kasaluu,RECOMMEND!This is a great game. I've wasted most of my life playing this game and i still do!How annoying!
,Recommended,212680,10211063,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,jesus take the mouse,"FTL: Advanced Edition is an incredibly replayable game, and each run gives me something memorable and rewarding – even the ones that end with my entire crew dead."
89043985789457298,Recommended,212680,14915587,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,A Whole New Ruuug♫,Great game! Feels like an arcade version of star trek. A lot of fun.
,Recommended,212680,10899604,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Sithspace,"This game is the greatest game made within the years of 1966 and 1967.  It really revolutionized the movies of the time, introducing first person battles between the planes up to world war 2."
,Recommended,212680,9714099,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Derpno,So worth thet price you pay. Replay value will keep you coming back for more secrets and paths that you have yet to find.
76561198084641315,Recommended,212680,9707799,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Jabs,BEST GAME EVER
76561197970358995,Recommended,212680,9779221,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Smegger,Simple idea yet pretty challenging the further you go. Easy to pick up and play for 10 minute blasts or delve longer both work equally well.if you like star trek and dreamt of running your own starship in space crack on.
,Recommended,212680,9779675,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Proxy,Don't even consider buy it or wither
,Recommended,212680,24067385,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Patrock,Beat all 26 ships on normal advanced mode. I am finally free of this horrible curse. GREAT GAME A+
,Recommended,212680,6110716,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,OttObott,"This game may be the most addicting game I have ever played. (There are some RAGE moments, although it makes you want to try again rather than quit)"
76561198046894607,Recommended,212680,5243974,"Posted: 30 September, 2012",all,[PPC] TheLegend27,"This is one of those games that no matter what happens in the last playthrough, I always come back to it. Things can go to hell VERY quickly in this game if you're not careful, giving you a sense of dire-ness that forces you to pay attention to every little thing in the game. This game requires you to think ahead short term and long term. Where does this missile go? Do I use this missile and drain the total number of missiles I have in order to do more damage? Do I buy upgrades for my ship now, or wait for a shop to have the possibility of getting mind-blowingly over powered weapons and augmentations? Do I leave a research station to its fate for the sake of my crew and ship or do I be the hero at the possible cost of a crew member? Which crew member will or will not make it back? That kind of random-generated content and paths is one of the major driving forces in this game.10/10."
,Recommended,212680,20294873,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[SSC] Portlin PIGeons,"1.Completley original. The ship names and weapons, and storyline, ship types, and systems, and crew members are pretty creative2.  Infinite possibilites. Every sector is random, and  stores are quite random, helping you build certain strageties to destroy the rebel scumship3. Just fun. Easy to mod and mods are very compatible4. Low video card intensity. It just never lags. Like never5. Great, original music, fits the scene, and sounds GREAT."
76561197969542665,Recommended,212680,359001,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,wthill,"Great game if you like good ol fashioned turn-based command and combat in the same vein as the old XCOM games.  Good time waster when you want to play a relaxed thinking game, eat cookies, drink soda and just slouch in your computer chair.   Enough content for an indie game at a fairly decent price."
,Recommended,212680,13791044,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,SG,"this game is great in every aspect. i cannot recomend it enough. although i do see potential for it to have a multiplayer aspect where you fight other players ships (select base ship design, use a set scrap amount to fit it with weapons/systems/crew and then fight other players) the ship combat is great in every way but is hard if you cant micromanage well. 10/10"
,Recommended,212680,23639690,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,billycop32,"brutal permadeath style game that will take the slightest mistake on your part and make you regret it for days,which make victory so much more satifying. don't get cocky in this game however, as even a seasoned player can get slaped down in seconds and forced to restart."
76561198101063587,Recommended,212680,23562562,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,PapaJay420,"Without a doubt one of the best games ive ever played, i hope they make a second one."
76561198135981189,Recommended,212680,23563209,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Bradley,great gamenuff saidgg 10/10
76561198074052039,Recommended,212680,14338689,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,t1-delta,"I disabled the shields with an EMP bomb, activated the Fire drone, sent and Invasion drone and by that time had spun up my gatling to full speed.While my 2 defensdrones took out everything that mothership threw at me, I watched and smiled, won and was happy.Next session giant spiders took my only crew and set my ship floating through the eternity of space...10/10Giant spiders are no Joke..."
76561198177851049,Recommended,212680,23788584,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Conjamsh,Very fun and a good time user.
76561197997086574,Recommended,212680,1730076,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,3 Paket Gula Blend,YEAHYEAHYEAH
,Recommended,212680,1691434,"Posted: 2 October, 2012",all,Slaiiz,"This game is an incredibly remarkable ""space simulator"" which focuses on strategy and puts you in the seat of the captain of your cruiser.While permanent death might shock a couple of players, the idea that every game is different, that any interaction as well as the whole map are randomized at the beginning makes you forget about it and focus more on the fun that is restarting a new character, really.In this game, you are required to flee away from the Rebels, a whole army wanting your death because of you carrying vital informations that you must protect at all costs.To help you with this task, you have got entire control over your ship to decide where to reroute your spare energy, whether it will be more on weapons or shields, or internal systems such as the medical bay, the engine of your cruiser...You may sometimes require to syphon your ship off its oxygen to slow down or kill intruders attempting to take over the situation."
,Recommended,212680,3292418,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,Sendokami,
,Recommended,212680,2878538,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,♉Daacals♆ - नमस,"Epic game!Really refreshing and new.I look forward to the free expansion pack coming sometime in 2014. What can I say, it's cool and fun when you try different tactics. It was meant that it should have 8/10, but since the news about the free expansion pack, I give it 9/10I really like companies, that renew their products, especially when the game, gets older, then instead making a sequence"
,Recommended,212680,2903295,"Posted: 20 November, 2012",all,Moronis,"Faster Than Light! Or, ""How To Call Space Malarkey After The Eighth Missile Hit You At 55% Evade Chance""Seriously though, it's a fun game."
76561198007013350,Recommended,212680,2415818,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,ChaoticDan,"Simple looking, easy to play, but well made and a hard son of a gun."
76561197999115733,Recommended,212680,1871487,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,MolochZ,LEARN TO PLAY NOOBS
,Recommended,212680,1981459,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,T-Dawg,"A sort of space-ship rogue-like, where you command a ship and its crew across space, attempting to out-run a rebel fleet, and make it to the federation fleet with vital information. Many different races with different abilities, and different ships with different default loadouts for, weapons, crews, and systems, as well as lay-outs. Ships can be outfitted and upgraded along the way with additional systems, weapons, etc..."
,Recommended,212680,2035697,"Posted: 19 September, 2012",all,zzzwlagga,"How nice! Finally a nice casual strategy, tactics and management game! Like in the good old days. This and the captivating music instantly got me. Open hailing frequencies! :)"
,Recommended,212680,2045843,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Zerknis,Great game for any strategic and/or sci-fi enthusiast.
,Recommended,212680,3599758,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,Evanz111,"After playing the game for numerous hours, I was still unable to master the secrets of moving faster than light and now NASA are sending repo men to pick up all the equipment I had prepared. Terrible game, false advertising, would not bang."
,Recommended,212680,2188938,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,๖ۣۜIODisrupt,"!!!DO NOT BUY IT IS TOO ADDICTIVE!!!Seriously, 11hrs in 2 days. The gameplay, a mix of RTS, RPG, and action, is non-stop enjoyment. The awards are executed perfectly aswell, you earn as you go. Each ship has three specific achievements to unlock, which earns a better layout and starting crew! It may be the same basic idea every play through, but each is randomized so that none is ever the same (a ship that you thought would be easy could gain huge advantage from asteroids). All in all, if you value your time, DON'T BUY."
,Recommended,212680,3217205,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,VELKKi,"I just hate this game from the bottom of my heart. However, after settling down a while I have to try again and again and again..."
,Recommended,212680,3255009,"Posted: 6 November, 2012",all,Endoplasmicreticulum,This is a must have indie game of all sci-fi and space battle lovers.
,Recommended,212680,2740892,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Sweetznezz,"There is much more to it than meets the eye. FTL looks like a small game to pass the time while waiting for another game to download. Even when you first play it doesn't seem that big, but the systems are randomised and quite vivid. The combat is heart pounding; you will be on the edge of your seat before you or the enemy are dead. The equipment is cleverly placed about each system; it's neither too plentyful, nor too scarce. All in all, this game is well worth it. Your in for a treat!"
,Recommended,212680,2943046,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,LozZA,"FTL is a great RPG with a ""Rougelike"" System (or so im told) which means that it is randomized its a great experience with a big challenge"
,Recommended,212680,295960,"Posted: 30 September, 2012",all,KT_Extinction,jesus christ this game is excellent. please play it. its only 10 dollars.
76561197972072638,Recommended,212680,552343,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,KoolKrax,"Difficult as hell, but well worth trying."
76561197993132561,Recommended,212680,1423784,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Jesus†Christ,Dwarf Fortress Lite...  IN SPACE!
,Recommended,212680,3234387,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,UltraPredator,FTL
,Recommended,212680,1069561,"Posted: 16 October, 2012",all,Skanic,"This game is awesome, it features challenging combat in space where you have to take control of a spaceship and save the galaxy. It also has very nice background music. Get it!"
76561198045114681,Recommended,212680,5107169,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Felderkai,Roguelike. WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOHHHH!!!!!!!
76561198044339684,Recommended,212680,5028776,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,♫,Fun Fun Fun!!!  :D  Great strategic game!
,Recommended,212680,147373,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Stoeger,"Excellent game, well worth it for the price."
,Recommended,212680,7983966,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Will Ryali's,"Great simulation game and awesome in general! I have played a few hours and still not beaten it, even on easy mode."
76561198073661538,Recommended,212680,7976899,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,darkdoodle,"I LOVE THIS GAME.It's a great blend of rougelikes and strategy games. I love the intensity of the battles, the joy of victories, and the crushing feeling of losing a crew member. This game has plenty of content to explore, and there is a free content update coming in early 2014. The atmosphere of this game is great with the soundtrack. My only complaint is that it is too addicting, and took away 40 hours of my life that could have been spent elsewhere."
76561198025902650,Recommended,212680,7965986,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,OH MY GAAAAAWWWWDDD...!!,"Great, addicting game! But, HOLY. ♥♥♥♥. IT IS IMPOSSIBLE TO BEAT THIS GAME! EVEN ON EASY! I have played and made it to the last boss, around 50 times, and still yet to finish off all 3 of his stages to win the game. Farthest I got was halfway through second stage before his drones and missiles tear me apart like tracing paper in a paper shredder."
,Recommended,212680,12255344,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,R0nnyz,"This game is highly addictive and its an amazing game. This is a type of game i would play everyday. I learned to never trust any ship even when you run out of fuel. Also, the advance addition is amazing is way more stuff for FREE. Yes FOR FREE. NEW ALIENS NEW SHIPS EVERYTHING FOR DAMN FREE. GET THIS DAMN GAME. The sound track is also amazing it got me by surprise by how amazing it is, Im thinking of buying the soundtrack myself $4 dollars of gods work."
76561197976418381,Recommended,212680,12423931,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Firun,"70 hours on record and i still haven´t been lucky enough to get the secret ship on classic mode... love the game to bits though, :)"
76561198050590067,Recommended,212680,10889947,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,RoundsOfPlenty,"All of my crew suffocated as one from a missile hitting my ship, causing a hole that I couldn't find in time due to my ship being in a sector wide nebula.On the second screen.10/10 Will die again and again and again."
76561197969380101,Recommended,212680,10933419,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,DreadSwarm,"Each play is never the same, so much fun one of my favorite games"
,Recommended,212680,8127731,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Thunderbird330,"Awesome game, I've played it many times over (though I've never beaten it). Cool characters and ships, interesting secrets...definitely recommend!"
,Recommended,212680,8165503,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Elliot,Thumbs up
,Recommended,212680,10871416,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,KrazyJim,Game is dope yo
,Recommended,212680,12574310,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Death&Taxes,"Not as interactive as one would imagine, most of the decision making revolves around what weapons and shields to install on your ship, with deciding which of a few systems to upgrade the other dilemma.  Actual battles are mostly slug it out and see what happens.  It is not a game you can simply shoot your way through however; this is a strategic/tactical thinker, not a game that stresses (or even involves) reflexes.This is not to knock the game, it is a great deal of fun to see if you can make it to the finish line.  Good for ten or so hours tops before it goes on the shelf, it is definitely worth picking up on sale.  The soundtrack is an unexpected bonus, too.  If you like the music of Minecraft, you will almost certainly like this game's too."
,Recommended,212680,10727168,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zerrian,Such a fun and addictive game! I've played this game repeatedly and it never gets old. I enjoy the strategy of keeping your people alive while running from your persuers. It's kind of like Star Trek and Battlestar Galactica wrapped up into a nice RTS/RPG game. I love it and any Sci-fi fans should own this.
,Recommended,212680,14147586,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,The Fabulous Seagoat,Killed by space rocks. 10/10
76561198014933683,Recommended,212680,11093494,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Doopers,Wow
76561198032622632,Recommended,212680,10141764,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,crkrieger,Ever wounder what it would be like to command a spaceship as it flys through space? If so this game is the game for you! The gameplay is simple but interesting and each time I open up this game I am met with new adventures. I recommend this game to everyone that loves the Sci Fi genre.
76561198043960533,Recommended,212680,10144424,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Hwilldabeast,"This game is VERY hard to play. If you cannot focus on many things at once, this game will destroy you. However, the more it destroys you, the better you actually get. There is a LOT of events. I've played for about 4 hours before I got a repeated event. You may die a lot, but trust me, when you beat the final boss for the first time at 10:30 PM you feel like a god damn champion who just beat one of the hardest games of modern day. I would say it could rank up to Dark Souls hard."
,Recommended,212680,10306133,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Elf,This game is the most fun you can have with a strategy game that you can play in an hour or so. I recomend this to anyone who      likes strategy games and space games.10/10 would play again.
,Recommended,212680,10759246,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Big Guy,"*FTL: Faster Than Light* is out of this world. Stellar gameplay. Once you sink in a single game, you will be addicted. Would definitely recommend buying this at its sale or even normal price."
,Recommended,212680,13909661,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Shimazu,"Simple yet addictive,gives you that star captain kind of feeling."
76561198086556733,Recommended,212680,12078480,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,BlastKast,What can I sayFLAK CANNON OP
76561198077343375,Recommended,212680,6852820,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,[]{}[]{MadManwithaStick}[]{}[],PLAY FUN GAME MAKE U HAPPI
76561198077487747,Recommended,212680,6856886,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,coolious,it is so epic
76561198076511896,Recommended,212680,6828678,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,Hug_E_Bear42,"FTL... if the horrible, taunting torment of slow, agonising, iminent defeat is your thing, then you clearly have some issues that need some serious tending too....oh, and this game might be for you.-OVER 9000.....out of 10"
,Recommended,212680,6533805,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Captain Fiddlebeard,
,Recommended,212680,5725452,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,Mood,Best game 2012Dont ask just buy9/10
,Recommended,212680,4840611,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Lombardia,Do you even FTL.
,Recommended,212680,4799958,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,besen,ripoff of galaga
,Recommended,212680,4867425,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,that turkey,Time flies when you're going faster than light.
,Recommended,212680,6710075,"Posted: 25 February, 2013",all,Duckus6,"Best game I have played so far in my life and will be for a long time -Feb 2013Still one of the best games I've played, certainly one of the best indie games I've played. Love the soundtrack - Sept 2014"
76561198061225262,Recommended,212680,6207232,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Retired Messiah,"JEFF SAVED THE GALAXY WITH FTL: Faster Than Light, AND NOW HE FEELS EEEEPIIIIC"
,Recommended,212680,6485901,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,BigLarge McHuge,"I'm not a fan of most RTS games, but this one is one of the most artfully done and engaging games I've ever played. It's roguelike nature allows for constant replayability. Buy it."
76561198056942263,Recommended,212680,5999551,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Jadwiga,Easiest game of my life
,Recommended,212680,5990954,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,WrathofKane,A great game with a ton of replayability.  The game has great strategy elements as well as a few rogue-like elements.  It has an attractive style and is an all around good buy.
76561198067188544,Recommended,212680,20543312,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,I believe I'll pass.,"I was hesitant to buy FTL because the screenshots and YouTube reviews make the game look too simple. Don't be fooled, this game is everything the reviews claim despite what it appears on screen! I recommend FTL because it's cheap, fun, and challenging. I'm sure you'll get hours of fun it of this game! As a casual gamer, I highly recommend FTL."
,Recommended,212680,10999995,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,its like ismoetric and strategic dark souls in space.
76561198068102871,Recommended,212680,11048122,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Chicken Tenders,"This game is INCREDABLY underrated. All I can really say about this game without going into a paragraph is that it's fun, intense, and HARD (Even on EASY). Give it a chance like I did, it may suprise you."
76561198041424406,Recommended,212680,10531550,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ANIME TIDDY,is rly good
76561198101478452,Recommended,212680,23590222,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Abe Lincoln's Corgwn,"Definitely a good buy, I enjoyed every one of the 90+ hours playing it, and I still have more stuff i want to do. Nearly infinite replayability and great gameplay.10/10 would vulcan cannon again"
76561198058055934,Recommended,212680,23555299,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,imark.skinner,"My life wasn't complete until I met FTL. Now we regularly enjoy candle lit dinners and evening walks in the country side. FTL often buys me flowers, and I give FTL naughty surprises in return, its very important not to let the passion go out of a relationship. That's what keeps us coming back year after year. FTL recently proposed to me and I'm thinking about asking FTL about moving in together, I think I might be pregnant so it's all working out for us. Here's to many years together ahead of us."
,Recommended,212680,24284059,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Megafoo,I name crew members after people I dislike and enjoy watching them die.
76561198131104394,Recommended,212680,23874347,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Chives,"Like courting a beautiful women. Extremely difficult, seemingly impossible. But with timing, strategy, and good judgement. You can make it. Then she catches on fire, punches you in the♥♥♥♥♥♥ and murders your whole crew."
,Recommended,212680,23911992,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Bardic_Kvothe,"How it happened that I came upon this AWESOME game...-Brother recommends game-Steam is having the Summer Sale-Buy and download game-Remember that brother said it could be difiicult, but fun-Got into a battle, easily won-Got into a second battle- enemy missle creates large fire in oxygen room-Crew all dies from asphyxiation and/or fireLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOVE THIS GAME!!!!10/10"
76561198009014374,Recommended,212680,24205194,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Mucows,i love this game. lots of trial and error. still trying to beat the rebel flagship.
,Recommended,212680,24622294,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,LucasTyph,"180+ hours for a 5$ game? Yeah, I'd say FTL is pretty good. I got it on a sale, so I payed ~1 cent for each hour. Do yourself a favor and play this. From the point when you think ""Easy"" is too hard, all the way until you think Hard Mode is too easy. Because it WILL happen."
76561198199875095,Recommended,212680,25056868,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,UndyingFire,"First Playthrough: Okay, this is pretty easy. I made it to sector 5 and got the new ship. Lemme just kill thi- andddd I'm dead.Second Play: Alright so I made it back to the same spot, lemme fight this guy. *wins* Sweet, easy enough. OH NO ALL MY OXYGEN! EVERYONE IS DYING! WHERE IS IT ALL GOING?! *dies*Third: Ok let me be smart about this *first jump goes into a nebula and everyone dies* well alright thenFourth: I made it to the flagship, looks easy enough. *gets shot by 4 missiles* *half of everyone dies* *tries sending one rockman alone onto the flagship* *he dies* *everything goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥ *gets blown up*10/10 would die again"
76561198005911323,Recommended,212680,25591547,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Silhouette,Mass Effect for Sadists.
76561198064795583,Recommended,212680,24675241,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Ragnar Lothbrok,Everyone needs to have this in there collection
76561198137294352,Recommended,212680,25680930,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Olbi,"This game is really awsome with great music and sound, but damn is it hard"
76561198089365298,Recommended,212680,21364338,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Mr Mole28,"This game is great and I love it almost as much as I love men,"
,Recommended,212680,24139544,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Cliff,Best space exploration/rogue like title that has hit the books in recent years. It's one of the best ever made in any category.
76561198089359674,Recommended,212680,24175602,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,One Man's Lie,"Help me, I can't stop..."
76561198045179749,Recommended,212680,24467084,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Blizzarddust,To sum up the game:Me: I am unstoppable!Rebels: You seem a little cocky. Let me help you with that.I then cried as they blasted my ship and I got murdered.
76561198079078159,Recommended,212680,24061454,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,AltorBG,"After 20 min. on my first time playing the ship caught on fire and my entire crew burned to death.I cried so hard.This game is incredible,no joke."
76561198136873363,Recommended,212680,23777811,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Skorps,"In space, no one can hear you scream...... except space pirates apparently....."
,Recommended,212680,25713305,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,SchrodingerSyndrome,"A must have for any PC gamer.It's cheap, fun, and you can kill people by exposure to space.What more can you ask for!"
76561198154207714,Recommended,212680,22303155,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Adam,"It's a good game, but it's difficult. I can barley beat it at easy"
,Recommended,212680,26210628,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,The Atomik Doctor,YES. Fan of roguelikes? Like to get the most bang for your buck.Look no further.
,Recommended,212680,10813997,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Steve,Faster Than Light - better than a lot of games.
,Recommended,212680,8467937,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Stolij,Great game
76561198045148630,Recommended,212680,8413286,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheNbird,"Fabulous, although it gets kinda bland after the boss"
76561198044441270,Recommended,212680,8826128,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Dr. Worm,Do you know how fast Shawn's train goes?
76561198087634426,Recommended,212680,8821083,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Pokemastezigzag,I recommend this very much
,Recommended,212680,9011594,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,thekinkajou,"In short: It's like Oregon Trail in space. Lots of versatility in how you approach it, plenty of unlockables, and even a free update from the developer adding more content.  Fun and worthwhile.The Advanced Edition that adds tons of new content balances the game, adds new ways to strategize, and tons of new content (even a new race of aliens). Maintains the spirit of the original while improving it. Truly excellent."
,Recommended,212680,5544614,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Mace Tyrell's Helmet.png,"FTL is a great simulation-type game. You play as the commander of a ship and you have to travel across several sectors to deliver vital information to the alliance, a government-type group. while being pursued by rebels. I find it very hard, even on easy, yet very fun."
,Recommended,212680,5464258,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Feeble,"FTL is a modern rougelike in which you embark on a journey across space, fleeing the ever - present danger of a pursuing rebel fleet. You jump through randomized sectors from beacon to beacon, encountering giant alien spiders, hostile space pirates, and everything in between. Strategy and luck come together in FTL's combat system. What do you do when your enemy disables your shield and then beams its crew onboard to wreak more havoc? Do you reroute power to your engines to increase your ship's evasion or power up the medbay to fend off the pesky intruders?   What impresses me most about FTL is that it caters to a million different play styles. There are nine playable ships (eight of which must be unlocked), each with two different layouts. The game will do everything in its power to crush you, asphyxiate you, set your entire ship on fire until that fateful moment when your hull (HP) reaches zero and your journey ends. You'll laugh and you'll cry (mostly cry), but you'll always come back for more. FTL does a great job with the visuals (combining retro and modern themes while avoiding clichés) and the soundtrack is simply amazing. Definitely worth whatever they're charging for it nowadays."
76561198036317920,Recommended,212680,4388350,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,Space Emperor Spar,"Simply put, the most refined and fun experience you can have in a space exploration sim. The intricate fun of customization and player choice, the thrill of discovery, and the nail-biting adrenaline that comes from watching to see whether your laser banks can get through their sheilds before they can launch another photon torpedo are beautifully combined in FTL. Having just come out of a bit of an anti-indie phase, I am pleased to say this game boldy went where I did not think it had the potential to go before. I heartily recommend this game to any gamer who believes that they have a little Kirk in there somwhere."
,Recommended,212680,6488438,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,ZenithBR,"Extremely addictive! This game reminds me of ELITE. In normal mode, the game is very difficult. I really enjoyed it."
,Recommended,212680,16362918,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dr. Gosu,"In a way, it's a perfect game. It does just what it sets out to do, and executes that wonderfully. Simple game, either you like it and get addicted or you don't. I got addicted."
76561198081773224,Recommended,212680,28879493,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Marqistador,Its like an advanced Oregon Trail in space! Beware ot solar flares. . .
,Recommended,212680,336134,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Cronhour,"Cheap, fun and addictive!"
,Recommended,212680,8697407,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Blanket,Once when I was playing there was a mantis who was stuck. I had the choice to either let him in or kill him so I chose to save him. once he was on the ship I ordered him the put out the fire the previous mantis ship started. He died and i laughed while opening the airlock the let the fire die.  8/10
76561197990127264,Recommended,212680,16654629,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,spitfirem21,"Like many other reviewers here I got this game on a whim while it was on sale based on the current reviews. Shortly put, this is probably the best thing I have ever gotten for under $2. I would easily pay $10 for this game had I known how good it was.The mechanics are easy to learn and understand, but the game is probably impossible to master given how random it is. The difficulty is up there, but that makes succeeding so rewarding, and it will keep you coming back to try and finish over and over.In a nutshell, the game is like Oregon Trail, but in a spaceship. Your objective is to get the important data you are carrying back to the Federation Fleet, and not turn into space dust along the way.I simply can't recommend this game enough, especially given how cheap it generally is. The only con is the punishing difficulty, but in my opinion it is just punishing enough to feel rewarding."
,Recommended,212680,23352914,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Brad,"Definitly the best small time game I've ever played, a game can be completed in around 10-15 minutes which is great when you need to kill some time. I've only beat the game on easy dificulty a few times with over 100 hours played but it's still really fun. Even when you don't win you've usually unlocked additional ships or layouts to your existing ships, which are really fun to toy around with."
,Recommended,212680,6420311,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,The Mad Doctor,this game is mindblowing
76561198048285183,Recommended,212680,10598804,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Quarthex,"This game....is truly not a game, but a test of whether your mind can handle the insanity of chaos, the cruel twisting knife of luck, that terrible, wonderful thing that is FTL. You will grow attached to your squadmates, your ship. You will sit dreaming, hoping, wishing, believing that this time, this time must be the time that you make it. Eight sectors. Countless ships and dead, pixelated crew members have passed, but this time will be the time you finally ellimate the rebel menace for good!But then, after your ship proves itself unworthy to the disturbingly well equiped foe,  your face will fall, and your heart will sink with that customary grating noise that accompanies your ship's explosion into non-existance. You will feel like crap, at those hours nursing scrap from every beacon, those crew members carefully escorted from the slaughter of their pixelated comrades, the ships upon ships that had dared to fight you and failed. You thought you could prevail.But you didn't. You will pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and think, 'hmmm... maybe this next round will be better.""Then you'll die on the first sector, perhaps a mere two beacons in.11/10. Excellent game."
76561198044595480,Recommended,212680,8123485,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Potatoes579,This game is amazing. Great music too. Like seriously. Really good game.
76561198058085519,Recommended,212680,11802322,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,MothProofPlane,i felt like boarding parties were cheap deaths as your crew could never be as strong as other crew in later game. there were points were i had three rockman and a mantis at full fighting skill but still loss to a boarding partie of 4 mantis. i would prefere a limit of a boardings fighting force. this was my only problem with this game.
,Recommended,212680,25442629,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Jadoonplatoon,"FTL: faster than light is a game that i would highly reccomend, this game has an increible combat system and a difficulty that keeps the player determind to succeed.11/10"
76561197967187716,Recommended,212680,20043429,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,ShEEp,
,Recommended,212680,7962706,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Gooplux,"this game normally ends in death, lots of death. ALL OF U R DED"
,Recommended,212680,30669446,Posted: 22 March,all,Sir Real,"FTL is a hard game, we'll start with that. I'm by no means an amazing player at it yet, but it's a fun experience learning how to be. A well made strategy game that has you plotting out how to build your ship, equip your weapons, attack the right places on the enemy ship, and jump through space as you're constantly perused by the rebel fleet. It's randomly generated events and maps so it's never the same experience. A good time killer and well worth the price."
76561198053215698,Recommended,212680,18978558,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Lauleyhn,FTL; When there's a fire in your ship and you don't dare to open the airlock due to the danger of suffocating your whole crew.10/10 would burn crew again.
,Recommended,212680,27371485,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Fun Police,"Beating the flagship, even on easy, is one of the most intense and rewarding gaming experiences I have ever had. 10/10"
76561198100782250,Recommended,212680,27553468,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dlawsonishere,"Space the final frontier, now stop reading the review and go explore it!"
,Recommended,212680,27565472,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,thewillwu,Great game!
,Recommended,212680,27576872,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,J.@aleano05,"To sum up: a masterpiece.This game has the essence of the roguelike genre, combined with a good story (you don't even have to know the story to fully enjoy FTL), a sublime soundtrack, a perfect graphic design, very interesting combat mechanics and a neverending of posibilities.10/10"
,Recommended,212680,27486283,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Blairlex,Drowning in space simulator
76561197970516965,Recommended,212680,27711411,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Butters,"I've flooded space with the corpses of countless crewmembers, not always on purpose either!  I would give FTL all the awards."
76561198066144545,Recommended,212680,27826089,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sethroph,Just writing this to say that this game is awesome. Enough said.
,Recommended,212680,27771831,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SalazarSlyther,A game that will definitely stand the test of time.
76561198044106175,Recommended,212680,27740614,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,madachup,"Best 16 days of my life i've ever spend on anything....The game has so much replayability and never gets boring with the amount of mods, difficulty levels, randomized drops, and unlockable ships.  Literally top 3 games i've ever played love it!"
,Recommended,212680,27740674,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,MeanrockD,"A great game, just perfect."
,Recommended,212680,27527628,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,inodaps,One of my favorite games on steam.  It's quite challenging and that can be intimidating at first.  But with practice and determination this can turn into a game with the replay value that I have enjoyed for years.If you like a challenge and variety with a scifi theme this game is for you
76561198093826611,Recommended,212680,27576710,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Brock,Probably the best spaceship-management game both aesthetically and functionally.
76561198097899061,Recommended,212680,27457808,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Temujin,My first Easy Win is at 24th hour. Normal done. Hard still pending. My journey continues...
76561198009839821,Recommended,212680,27641195,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,robert.the.rebuilder,"FTL is a game I come back to, in between other games.  A complete playthrough takes only a couple hours, but that's exactly the type of game I'm looking for, after spending a lot of time in other games.  It is different every time I play it, although the experience is similar.  I like the ability to command a spaceship and its crew, the managing of the ship's resources during an intense battle, and the excitement of exploring the unknown.  It is difficult, and it took me several times to get all the way to the end, but it was worth it."
76561198063479720,Recommended,212680,9829634,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,BirdieTheTucan,This is a must by for any strategy fan. It has endless hours of content and large replay value. Couple that with its price and you have yourself one hell of a game!
76561198070861504,Recommended,212680,6627460,"Posted: 15 October, 2012",all,♥Bella from Hella♥,FTL is realy fun. GET IT NAOW                                                                                                                  WARNING THIS GAME WILL MAKE YOUR LIFE HELL! YOU DIE A LOT!
,Recommended,212680,10801993,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SoulReaperNecro,"FTL is a fun, challenging game with wonderful music.  While frustrating at times, the rewarding feeling when you accomplish something is very satisfying and reminiscent of the old, unforgiving games of the 90s."
,Recommended,212680,30784887,Posted: 27 March,all,Cozmo,"""Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ everything is on fire"" is probably the most accurate way to describe FTL"
,Recommended,212680,17785057,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,ranchfries,There is no escaping death in this game.
,Recommended,212680,17927379,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,TA$H,"Damn, I just keep coming back to it!"
,Recommended,212680,17935968,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Apple Juice,"ITS FUN WHEN YOUR NOT LOSING! ""Says Probably every person that plays this game"""
76561198094717193,Recommended,212680,11689755,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,secondri,"I had doubts when buying this.. Oh boy was I wrong.Amazing sountrack, magnificent gameplay, excellent mechanics, perfect design. Everything youve ever wanted in a strategy exploration rouge-like game is right here. The combat system is superb aswell. While combat is real time battles, (making for a challenging style to battle) The movement from beacon to beacon is turn based, as the rebel fleet gets closer to you each time you move. Let me explain the combat system a bit more. There is also enviromental stages which can have effects on you and the enemies ship. (Known as nebulas.) Like fog, where you miss more often, or a meteor shower, which does constant damage to you and your enemy. You REALLY need to think before you do anything in this game. Making it all the better. I simply cannoy praise this game enough. I know I only have 3 hours of gameplay at the time I make this review, but you only need to play the game for 30 minutes to realize how amazing it is.To sum it up the game is like exploring a cavern and coming across a branching path. You take different paths each time, and halfway through the cave collapses and your arms dissapear. Then you must start on a new adventure while having the same thing happen to you again untill you figure out a way around it and accomplish your virtual goals.My overall opinion? Holy crap how can you not buy this? Seriously though, buy it. Or I'll crash your computer... Buy it now.1337/10"
76561198070487039,Recommended,212680,17445487,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,pieces,Very fun very hard just a good time
,Recommended,212680,17446738,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Bruv | men.com,https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Murphy%27s_lawFTL is the textbook definition of this.
76561198077244648,Recommended,212680,17110966,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,RageMonkey13,"If you like losing, then this is the game for you!!! Also it has a silly name"
,Recommended,212680,17672611,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,oh_boy.jpg,yes. good gamer. i like very much to go to space and it get me very close.
,Recommended,212680,17495651,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Nreldir,"If you're reading this review, you should already own this game.  The price/value ratio is absurd for this game.9.9/10 (Needs more than one campaign)"
,Recommended,212680,17489792,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Ekse,GG.
,Recommended,212680,9818449,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,-DB!- F.Y.I I'm a Ninja,"Spend 20 minutes thinking you've finally assembled a ship and crew capable of beating the game, only for a series of unfortunate accidents to completely destroy everything you've worked so hard on, then immediately start it up again."
76561198025008414,Recommended,212680,9935643,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Sigrún,Over forty hours in game.Sixty plus games played.Not a single victory.Still trying.That is the sign of a good game.
,Recommended,212680,15706255,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Cristian,"At first when you first boot up the game you look lost, it looks like it is a complex game and if you are lazy your first instinct is to drop it. Don`t do that. The game is worth your attention. Take the tutorial and learn how the game works.When you play a few times you`ll realize that the game is like cocaine, only worse. Don`t be too attached to your ships because you are going to die, a lot.It is a great game, and it will take a while before you realize it is already 6 AM10/10"
76561198312233038,Recommended,212680,31728439,Posted: 13 May,all,thenerdcallednathan,This is an amazing game!
,Recommended,212680,10360236,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,TheTrueBbox,You'll wish your♥♥♥♥♥♥was this big
76561198096320063,Recommended,212680,8385284,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Croacaine the Drug Frog,Its really fun and intense.
76561198085137659,Recommended,212680,31620797,Posted: 8 May,all,McWarlords™,i had the upper hand...that is until they disabled my oxygen killing my entire crew
,Recommended,212680,28959368,Posted: 2 January,all,Trav_Trav,"I keep dying and dying and dying, and yet I keep playing. That is the definition on insanity."
