user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561197983186143,Recommended,214170,14829843,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Storywriter,"After finally finishing this gem of a game I can only but recommend this game to any RPG lover out there. Beneath the now dated graphics lies a sound game with a complex world, rich lore and funny little gameplay gimmicks that made me smile a lot.The good:- Rich lore, decent story (if a bit cliché by now)- Plenty of content (Took me appr. 70 hours to finish)- Pretty extensive and flexible RPG elements (create whatever character you like as you go)- Easy to get into, but challenges along the way- Lot's of little tricks and secrets hidden in the worldThe bad:- A couple of the dungeons look mostly the same- Some rare and random game crashes- No tutorial in the beginning (some actions in the game could use explanation)- Addicitive- Rare side-quest breaking bugs (hint: keep a walkthrough at hand)Divine Divinity is a RPG that is focussed around hack-and-slashing and that is something you do a lot.The world is littered with all kinds of different enemies and dungeons and all have something special. That is mostly because of the lore and quests that even challenges you in small ways you could easily miss. For example: there are many books to find and read, some of them contain hints for quests and how to complete them.In roleplaying terms the modern gamer will find various ways to develop his or her character. The game starts with the choice of three classes: Warrior (Fighter), Survivor (Rogue) and Mage (Wizard). But don't worry, once the game is underway, all skills are available for the choosing so you can create any character you wish. For example, I created a powerful mage with great bow skills because I like to keep my distance in combat.In terms of loot and interactivity in the world this game surprised me. Pretty much every object that is not stuck to something can be picked up or interacted with. Haven't got lockpicks with you? Just drag the closed container to your inventory and open it later. Found a closed door you can't pick? There could be a switch hidden behind some stacked boxes. Looking for a hidden dungeon? Try under some barrels. Are you out of potions? Use your alchemy skills to create a potion from a plant, etc, etc. There is also plenty of loot. There are the usual magical weapons and armor, but also item-upgrade runes, may different potions, spellbooks, and countless miscellaneous items.The game's difficulty level was okay. If you stick to the story, especially in the beginning, you get balanced combat situations and will have plenty of opportunity to find your own style. Enemies don't scale with your level, but have fixed levels and are found in fixed places in the world. If you stray from the path as a level 10 character, get ready to be insta-killed. But don't worry, as you develop your character you get to kick more and more♥♥♥♥♥Note: most of the game you are a lone wolf. The only companions you get are the ones you magicaly spawn yourself. In many a situation I found that some tactical thinking is required to get through combat as a wave of 10 or more enemies at once is not that rare.Lastly I would like to mention the technical aspects of this game. What surprised me is that I was able to play this game instantly after installing it. Older games often have trouble on a powerful 64bit machine.I found the graphics to be charming and 'oldschool' and the sound decent for it's age. I also liked the voicework that was both fitting and refreshing at times (you have to read a lot).I only had a few crashes but when you save often that is only a minor problem.Warning: this game requires manual saving! No automatic checkpoint system that holds your hand as you play!I hope you found this review helpful. Have fun with this awesome game!"
76561197969481342,Recommended,214170,8737116,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Angelicat,"Like leaves on the trees when the autumn comes, I peered into the prodigious ravine they call the Steam Store and found this diamond in the rough layed out before me. ""$2.00"" it whispered into my ears and I was sold - I knew I had to get this; boy was I delighted with the treat I found in stored for me.Many claim they can see the end of times upon them with this coming era but I stayed vigilant. I gave hope to the fallen kings of men and entered a realm unknownst to any before me. It was this day that I found out what it meant to be the Chosen.My journey started like any other - I was weak, heedful of my surroundings, aware that any danger I find may soon be my very last. Destiny called however, and I knew my place was among the Gods. I stepped forward into a brave new world and accepted the very fate thrusted on me.Orcs struck, evil mages lashed out with their foul magicks, knights that knew no loyalty saw fit to bring me to their knees; yet I stood firmed. I slayed everyone and everything - from friends to tyrants. None shall stand before my blade and see the light of day again.""Monster!"", they yelled at me. ""♥♥♥♥  you"", I said in return as I stuck the tip end of my weapon up their haughty buttocks. Tyrants and dragons alike would fall to my sleight of hand as I became the all-powerful, omniscient being the prophets themselves had called to pass.In my final hour I would lay waste to the Lord of Chaos. His reign was over and my destiny, fulfilled. Men shall not know the end times again as long as I breathe. With one final sigh I gazed back behind me...What have I done.In my wake, nothing was left. I had saved the world but at the cost of the world itself. I was but a lone God overseeing a world with no one - how could I ever be the Chosen when there's nothing left to protect? I fell to my knees and cried; there was only one thing left to do. I pulled out my trusted blade that had been by my side this entire time and made some potions out of the nearby red mushrooms."
,Recommended,214170,8218421,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,SlashPatriarchy,"Stupid title, fantastic open world action RPG.  Not an easy game though.  Right from the start you will be very easy to kill.  Fair warning, the first few hours can be very difficult and quite frankly, a little boring.  There are ememies you'll be better off avoiding than fighting (and coming back to slaughter them later is pretty damn satisfying).  Upon completing that first dungeon, the game opens up and you can go pretty much wherever you want.  It doesn't get any easier though, so staying too far from the story, right off the bat, is a good way to die.  That story is pretty interesting and evolves over the course of the subsequent games, but I wouldn't go in expecting a story on the level of Baldur's gate 1 or 2.  If you want a solid action RPG that requires a bit of tact and is more Neverwinter Nights than Diablo, this is a solid choice"
76561198028069277,Recommended,214170,7756534,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[S.T.A.L.K.E.R.] jackloko99,"Its a Skyrim in 2D, the world its really huge, have thousands of subquests, the steam version you can increase the resolution of the game, very fun, promises many hours of gameplay, a unique game that every RPG lover should try."
76561197968514473,Recommended,214170,12413211,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Meat-King©®,"“If it waddles like a duck and quacks like a duck, then you can probably surmise it’s an imp in disguise.”Divine Divinity represents a classic and very enjoyable action role-playing game, with a lot of charm and great love for detail. Each level offers a unique atmosphere, creative quests, humorous dialogues and vast amounts of different (and sometimes pretty though) enemies. The exploration of the various dungeons with all the loot, treasure chests and secrets will definitely keep you motivated to check every corner.Another strength of this game is the character development, which offers plenty of flexibility and freedom in terms of skill selection. Once you have reached a certain level, you can basically pick and increase any kind of ability. For example, a warrior swinging a two handed hammer while casting a freeze spell and throwing deadly scorpion traps is just one of many possible (and very effective) builds.The limited voice acting and repetitive (sometimes uninspiring) music should be mentioned as the disadvantages of this classic rpg.Overall, Divine Divinity can be considered as a rough diamond within the role-playing game genre, although there are some rough edges that would have needed more attention, in order to give it the finishing touch.Amusing quotes:“You have a near invulnerability to lightning-based attacks. You can wear a copper helmet and stand in a vat of water on top of a church steeple during a storm, shouting ‘All gods are bloody ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s!’ with impunity.”Trivia:Do not attack a cat! Otherwise every other cat will try to tear out your eyes! Must be some kind of telepathic link of demonic nature between them.Achievements:The game has no Steam achievements."
,Recommended,214170,32457889,Posted: 15 June,all,anthimatter,"Clunky, ugly and weird. But none of this matters - it's incredibly addictive and a lot more fun than many new games out there. Kiss goodbye to your free time. And maybe eyes."
76561198038329410,Recommended,214170,19499485,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,Sylveon,"As a fan of Isometric CRPGs, I'd give Divine Divinity a big thumbs up. I spent many hours playing this game and I enjoyed 90% of them. The rest of the time is the trouble I had with Alt+Tabbing, OP bosses, not knowing where to find NPCs and being overencumbered while exploring.Positives:+ Good voice acting+ Large, detailed maps and multiple areas to explore+ Secrets/references/easter eggs+ Heaps of weapons and armour+ Heaps of quests to complete and heaps of enemies to level up from+ Levelling up feels like actual progress+ Game makes you feel like exploringCons:- Cliche storyline- No real quest guidance/hard to find NPCs in areas- Sometimes the camera really sucks- Enemies hard to target- Get♥♥♥♥♥♥tonnes of dosh and buy literally everything, so money doesn't matter to an extent- Some skills are pointless and you don't need to put points into them at all- Somewhat buggy cutscenes - The final cutscene of the game spawned halfway through the boss battle, and then my game ended."
,Recommended,214170,12810054,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Spoony Bard,"Think of Diablo II, but open-world and more role-playing elements. Engaging story, practical skill sets, and intense combat make for a long and great campaign. I searched pretty much every area of the game (minus a few things) and got about 60-70 hours out of it. Be warned: Do your research before playing on things you should know before starting up."
,Recommended,214170,13947590,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,big zox,"Beat it 100% using a Warrior.It's a great mix of Diablo and Baldur's Gate.  Very non-linear but enables you to complete all the quests and also to build your character to do pretty much what you want it to be (warriors can cast spells, pick locks just as well as Survivors etc.)Main issues with this game were bugs - there are some bugs to look out for that can make the game uncontinuable/unbeatable. To avoid this, accept every quest given and do not sell or drop quest items.  I have a relatively new computer and had a few speed issues but they weren't too big of a deal. Alt-tabbing can also be an issue.8 out of 10."
76561198025132727,Recommended,214170,8295108,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Korriban,"One of the best RPG I have ever played, it's a real gem that every RPG lover MUST play.In my opinion it's a 10/10, you have to consider this is a 12 years old game (it came out in 2002) so I'm basing my judgement on that, but if you want to compare it to a more recent game, I guess we all agree if I say it's a 2D Skyrim.The main quest is quite short if you just rush it to the end, but you can't, the game sidetracks you from everything you are doing with sidequests, exploration and fights. Don't be mislead by my playing time, it says 16 hrs but I played a lot in offline mode and it doesn't show, I think it's 70hrs more or less and I havent finished all sidequests.Let's now talk about specific stuff, shall we?***Graphics -  9/10 Considering the game age I'd say. Your character's equipment is pretty detailed and so is the environment, you almost never have the feeling of visiting a place already seen, not a single room is like the other, the only exception is for cave dungeons, these have always the same dark rock tiles and walls, and it gets boring after 15 mins, also it's so dark that you have trouble finding levers to open the doors.***Sound - 10/10 The music is just perfect, calm and sweet when you're travelling the forest but dark and deep when you're facing demons in the depths of the earth. Voice acting reminds me of theatre plays and maybe someone could dislike it, however it's really good. I had just one problem with sound, which I couldn't get rid of, it was like a scratch sound that played randomly at times, hopefully not too often, I guess it's some conflict due to the game being played on modern machines, but still, nothing to worry about.***Story - 10/10 Main quests and sidequests are pretty awesome, there is everything, from monster slaying to the only-talking quests. Some of them are very VERY long and sometimes you find out that completing a quest helps you in another one. There is even room for humor which is quite nice, and this is everywhere in the game, from dialogue answers to stats description, try reading then when values are low. Just once or twice I found myself baffled by the deus ex machina that comes at the right moment to save your skin without a serious explanation.***Gameplay & mechanics - 10/10 (unless you break it on purpose) Apart from the chaos of the menus, which is scary at the beginning, everything is just fine, you can build your character the way you like, pick up one of the classes (rogue, mage, warrior) and do whatever you want. The only problem is that there are 2 skill that are game breaking, one is frost and the other one is trap: steel scorpion. The first one makes you godlike by freezing your enemies for a lot of time and the latter one lets you summon minions that inflict an amount of damage that is simply unbelievable, if you also have the ability to charm them so that the scorpions follow you, then you can sit down and let them kill everything. So, don't do that and enjoy the game without these 2 skills, you have many others.***Replayable -YES. First playthrough I built a rougue-warrior, but I'm curious to see what a mage looks like. So this is a plus in the overall score.*** BONUS *** Steam version allows you to modify the resolution, otherwise you end up losing your eyes.TL, DR  it's 1,69€ on sale and 5€  full price. Just buy it and shut up.I said SHUT UP !!! BUY IT !!!"
76561197966167786,Recommended,214170,23974342,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,eyehate,"This game is fantastic.As simple as the graphics are, your mind fills in the blanks. You get a sense of the world you are in without the need for better eye candy.The quests are fun. The dungeons are challenging. There is plenty to steal. There are mysteries, easter eggs and all manner of mayhem.The hours I have logged from Steam came about when I was between mighty desktops and needed a game to slake my thirst in the interim. This one fit the bill: low sys requirements - obviously. Quite honestly I didn't expect to become as immersed in it as I did.Wonderful stuff.And damn - .89 USD during the summer sale.You would be a fool to pass it up - even if you only had a modicum of interest.Hell. I would even consider buying it for you.Just buy it.What.Are you some cheapskate that enjoys missing out on a good opportunity to pick up a great game?!?What is wrong with you?Buy the damned thing. It's good. Man are you thick in the head.ADD IT TO YOUR CART ALL READY."
,Recommended,214170,16114326,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Lunaril,"An early 2000's RPG, Divine Divinity appears to be trying to capture the success of the Diablo games. As a top-down action roleplaying game it is along the same lines as Diablo; However, it seems to have a more comprehensive conversation system in place, allowing for branched conversation trees. You can also develop your character according to your own personal play style regardless of the class you choose. This is actually not a concept found in many earlier RPG's, which gives Divine Divinity an added layer of appeal. All in All I thought it was fairly well done. It is an older game, so the visuals are not what you have probably come to expect, but the game still has charm and is still interesting and has a well thought out storyline. The background ambience is a nice touch, as is the changing music depending on where you go. I think if you are a fan of old school RPG's you will like Divine Divinity. Good choice for the RPG fan out there."
76561198097994464,Recommended,214170,10544286,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Konar,"I bought this game solely because it was on sale for $1.19 thinking that ill get one or two plays out of it and never touch it again. After the first 5 minutes I was completely blown away at the hidden gem of a game that I had stumbled onto.The dialog holds your attention and the atmospheres are well done.“Views gravestone” Here lies Esmerelda wife of Jake. May she rest in peace. (hmm.. somebody's added a line to this gravestone.”Good riddance, signed  Jake”Jake also added a line to the added line, ""Divine Divinity 10/10 Esmerelda 0/10""I tend to agree so buy this game!"
76561197988126797,Recommended,214170,13810985,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Paluch 222,"Many people say Divine Divinity is a clone of Diablo having in regard the implemented combat system. Well, they're right. But except that the game derives many features from classic cRPG games which makes it far more complex than enjoyable, but still very primitive in gameplay Diablo (1&2).If You really want compare Divine Divinity to other well known games to have some reference, then I must say this game is an offspring of Diablo 2 and Baldurs Gate 2. It inherits the combat system from Hack&Slash, which makes fighting very fleshy and satisfying. Other characteristic features are random loot placement, limited class selection (warrior, mage and rouge) and no companions.The story telling  on the other hand is a classic cRPG. Destiny places our protagonist in the wrong place in the wrong time, entangling him/her in fight for sirvival, initially for his/hers own life, but eventually for the sake of whole world. And the world is really BIG in this game. You will visit villiges, big cities, wander forests and impenetrable darknses of dungeons. In that time You will meet many interesting NPCs which You can speak, trade and fight, accomplish about 80 side quests not necessarily involving fighting, and even solve puzzles, some involving the physic engine implemented in the game! Did I told the player can even make a camp or decorate his/hers home? No problem with that in Divine Divinity.I could write a whole article about this game, but instead I encourage to play it on Your own. The best two recomendations I can give are that Divine Divinity was listed among the ""Top 100 PC Games Of All Time"" by PC GAMER in 2012. The second one is telling You to listen to the game soundtrack composed by Kirill Pokrovsky, especially the ""Drunk with dwarven mirth"".Have a nice game ;)"
76561198072094217,Recommended,214170,32259208,Posted: 7 June,all,Setorrs The Lollygagger,"Ohh boy, where to start?I came in contact with this game series by playing Beyond Divinity when i was a kid ( I didn't finish it back then ), later with Divinity 2 Ego Dragonis ( I really enjoyed it ) and last year with Divinity Original Sin.Ohh boy was I in for a treat. This game is just perfect. From how every character is put in the story and how open the map feels , I just can't stop thinking about recent finished adventure in this game. I will play Beyond Divinity since i never got to finish it back in the day.Even if there is no sale for the Anthology Divinity pack you should still buy all games and enjoy the awesome story and gameplay with rich lore."
,Recommended,214170,15700925,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Arsaces I,This lock is tighter than a dwarf's ale purse.
,Recommended,214170,19975404,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,squareular,"I'm still very, very early on in the game, but as I'm now on my fourth character start, there are some things I'd like to tell myself from two days ago:Save the game, you moron. Save it often, else when you die you have to redo all the things.The game will not help you on how to play it. Go read some guides and forums to figure out how the game works. Even if that's not ""doing it right,"" it is how YOU will have more fun. You like solving puzzles and quests; not puzzling out how your stats work.Yes, I know you like playing blaster mages, but you'll soon learn that you like playing blaster mages when you have another player acting as a tank to keep the enemies from all rushing you. You will be terrified of everything and die a lot.While Survivor and Wizard look like cool classes, they are harder to play. You have no strategy yet. Go play a warrior.While the female warrior is off putting in a chainmail bikini, you will soon pick up more armor and therefore be clothed.In reference to the above point, it is in your best interest to steal everything you can get ahold of when no one is looking. There are no negative consequences to stealing if you don't get caught.It is okay to go outside of the village without having finished everything there. In fact do so, kill some orcs, level up, and then go back to the catacombs.Your fears about the graphics looking bad are baseless, since you've barely played any computer games in the past decade and this is still what you expect computer games to look like.All in all I'm greatly enjoying myself. I love exploring everywhere I possibly can and this game greatly encourages that."
76561197978131107,Recommended,214170,31475539,Posted: 30 April,all,Superbeef,"As a huge fan of ""Original Sin"", I wanted to experience this series' roots. If you have tolerance for old school gaming, and enjoy the newer Divinity games, and canoverlook some mechanics that haven't aged wellyou can find some fun here. There the imp ZixZax, and the leveling system you love, and a zombie named Jake, and a healing stone that you can give to a mortally wounded solder (or hoard for yourself), and you can throw items all over the place and look for hidden keys and levers, and there's all those fun skills that feel like true stepping stones when you first obtain them.The first area is a multilevel catacombs with puzzles and a few interesting and goofy characters and I'm thinking I can overlook the diablo-esqe combat system involving (mostly) clicking on a unit until they die. But then the baloney starts. There's these champions who will kill you in a couple hits, and unless you want to try to run past them, you are going to have to tough it out.  I finally got past the first few by kiting around them for 5 minutes and chipping away at their health with a little bow and arrow. Then, the next level down, there's like 10 more champions in a single area. Huh?I finally ""solved"" it by powergaming and abusing skill systems. Ah-ha! The scorpion traps that the thief class has are absolutely gamebreaking. They can clear out a map solo with a little help. Cool! Powergaming in Divinity games is always my favorite part, and I was amused to see that in the 1st game, it was not merely optional as it wasrequired.So I solve that part, and I learn a bunch more skills, I get my teleport pyramids set up so I can warp back to a bedroom and heal up in a snap. I start doing sidequests. And there's still a lot of grinding, more than I'm comfortable with, but it's bearable and I was looking forward to each new level-up to see what I could do.I make it about halfway into the game - I think - because there's still parts of the map that are inexplicably tough, but then my teleporter pyramids are taken away for story reasons, and I have to fight my way out of a crypt. The story is interesting leading up to this, but apparently I triggered this quest way too early because I'm about 15 levels too far behind and even my tricks don't save me now. It takes me six hours of kiting enemies to make it out alive and get back on the road. But my teleporter pyramids aren't returned yet. I check a guide and I've got to get about 10 hours down the main questline before I get them back.That means grinding my character a LOT more, and now I have to do it without the benefit of fast travel back to town for a quick heal. No way. Not going to happen.  This is where I signed off.I don't regret my time spent with ""Divine Divinity"" but I won't be finishing it, and I'd only suggest playing it if you want to see where it all began. Or, even better, do it with a walkthrough guidiing your course, and don't make the same unrecoverable mistakes I made."
,Recommended,214170,15994239,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Trazz,"Though it shows its age at times, this game is engrossing and challenging, and sports a wicked sense of humor. The only real complaints that I can level at this game are that some of the skills are buggy, and there is a strange audio glitch sometimes. Other than that, this game is a 10/10, with an excellent soundtrack, to boot."
,Recommended,214170,23942500,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,luisga7x,"I've played other rpg's in the past.  Mostly jrpg's, fallout, and elderscrolls type rpg's.  This was my first isometric crpg and I loved it.  From the story line, to the gameplay.  I loved the simplicity of it.  The story hooks you in right away.  I also love all the other little stories they had from the books inside the game.  The beginning of the game can be a little hard if you don't place your skills just right.  But later on it gets more customizable.  Beat it and loved it."
76561198046443612,Recommended,214170,12916732,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Urthur,"Great retro RPG game.  I enjoyed working my way through the quests while roaming around the land.  Quests in the main story line must be completed in order but the game doesn't push you to complete the main quest (although you will want to do so, of course).By the time I really attacked the main quest line I had uncovered the entire map and completing almost all the side quests.  Most of these are found by speaking to NPCs.  ""My son has been kidnapped, please help me find him"", for example.  Sometimes a clue is given to lead you to the right area; sometimes you stumble upon the area in your travels.  This brings up the only negative aspect I'll mention.  You can break quests by clearing areas before  you get the quest for that area.  Since these are aways specifc locations (cave, house, tree, person, etc.) all you have to do is to avoid a location that looks like it may hold a quest item/person.  Find a spider cave in the woods -- leave it until someone gives you a quest that involves a spider cave.Nice character development aspects as well.  Graphics are old but still crisp and easy to watch.  If you want a good romp through a nicely laid-out land, grab this game."
76561198031646448,Recommended,214170,8180597,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,xuaron,"It is a old game and i do not know why i havent picked this one up sooner.Here i am 11 years later playing this game and im absolutly blown away by this game.11 years later the Graphics still dont look that outdated and has a certain charm about it.The combat is exiting and fast and quest's are well woked out.The Music is great and makes the immersion even better.If you are looking for a good RPG i would recommend you try this one.Thank you for reading and i hope you will enjoy this game as mutch as me if your going to try it out.Best regards,Patrick Hartman"
76561198031579361,Recommended,214170,28456119,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,mkucharski,"based on logging 90hrs I would definitely recommend it. I can never understand how someone plays a game 70+ hrs and doesn't recommend it. The game has aged well (played first time 2016) , and is kinda a cross between diablo,dungeon siege and even a hint of the older ultima series. until the end, the economics work, always feel there is something to buy or work farming for. Questing is fun too, with a few of the quests taking a little time explorering and interviewing npcs.  Few notes.. works fine in windows 2010, but you need a patch to support 32bit color, as well us software render instead of directx (really) so cut scenes work.  You can probably live without watching most of them, but there is one place you will be stuck until you switch to software render. I noticed no difference in graphics quality or performance between the 2, so I would just set it from the get go. I haven't made it to original sin yet, so I cant compare it.. With a ton of action rpgs available now, it still is on the top of the list for must plays"
76561198089861498,Recommended,214170,26775112,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Somon,"The king made me his bodyguard, but I knew he was going to kick me out sooner or later. So I picked up a chest and filled it, will every valuable object I could find and then threw if off the castle walls, so could pick it up later and sell what I had stolen.10/10 would rob the king again"
,Recommended,214170,21846946,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,FJ,Save often.  Use hotkeys.
76561198094196691,Recommended,214170,23979947,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Levensgenieter,"Just a quick note for Windows 8 and 10 users.Use the ""Windows 8 Performance ""Patch"""" if you encounter lag spikes / low fps,http://steamcommunity.com/app/214170/discussions/0/35222218826646571/Works like a charm!"
76561198041919475,Recommended,214170,32948259,Posted: 28 June,all,Lexi_177,This is one of the best ARPGs I have ever played. Story is extremely interesting and there are many ways to solve each quest. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of isometric RPGs.
,Recommended,214170,13413042,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Ian Hattingh,What a game.  I have played this game every year for the last 10 years.  AWSOME.  Gameplay is what you expect from the guys at Larian.  Music is magical and the story is robust and well written
,Recommended,214170,5083823,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,StealthMomo,"My all time favorite isometric RPG.Divine Divinity is a classic 2D open-world RPG game. The freedom to do everything you please makes this game feels like a classic Skyrim. You can ignore quest and kill everyone, or be the hero and save the world. Everything is yours to decide.One of the best thing in this game is the ability pick any object that can be dragged into your inventory window. Let say you want some chest or barrel to store your item, you can drag it on your inventory window and when you arrive at your house, you can drop it and store your items or gears. The chest/barrel will stay in that place for the rest of the game so it's safe to use.Did I mentioned house? Well what a surprise! You can actually customize your house by picking objects on your travels such as plants, chests, decorations, chairs, foods, fruits, gardening tools even small objects like knife and seasoning salt and drop them in your house to make it livelier.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=186301144http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=186301128http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=186301136House full of objectsAnd when you're done decorating your house maybe you need a quick nap? Well you can do that in this game. You can drop the teleportation item for quick access to your house so you can sleep in your bed to recover your mana and when you wake up you'll be ready to kill skeleton warriors again."
,Recommended,214170,22193111,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Lintire,"Divine Divinity is Diablo with heart.This 2002 aRPG by Larian Studios, that somehow managed to survive its name and go on to spawn a series that's still running today, differs from its inspirations in ambition and scope, if not execution. Instead of attempting to ride on its mindless, shoddy combat Divnity manages to keep itself at least somewhat fresh with a healthy amount of non-combat activities and quests.This doesn't excuse the combat, a repetitive near-grind of slaughtering the same few enemies wearing different skins with auto-attacking clicks and the odd skill, but it does make it somewhat palatable. Biggest gameplay issues is that the skill system, while open, requires an absurd amount of investment in order to be useful while still expecting and demanding experimentation.I'd half recommend keeping a save editor around, just because to hell with that one quest requiring Telekinesis 2.Every point to make in Divine Divinity's favour comes with a matching caveat, a con that pushes it towards mediocrity.It's open world (moderately, very large maps to say the least), but with the wholesale reuse of assets and utter lack of interests mean that being open world adds absolutely nothing, quite a bit less than conventional tight level design would.Wandering, indistinguishable mooks that may as well be the same enemy with different skins and stats don't help. There's hidden chests and barrels in the dungeon that contain items, but all the equipment is randomly generated along with shopkeep inventories, meaning that you just statcheck against your current gear, then sell or move on.""Diablo with heart""- me, 10 seconds agoPulling the Diablo-popularized ""single evolving sprite"" of character progression may solve aesthetic problems, but not when the lack of variety highlights every unfavourable aspect of the sprite itself. A giant grey great helm does not mesh with brown plate armour and itty bitty hands. Art design itself is fine - nothing exciting, somewhat gritty, but the 3D rendered models blend in with 2D scenery seamlessly.Character progression focused RPGs are the ultimate in escapism. Ultimately Divine Divinity achieves this, character progression being palpable without being ridiculous and reasonable without being misers with power.Writing is what drives this game, not the one-note gameplay - and the writing in Divine Divinity, from the questlines to dialogue to the story, is wholly satisfying. The setting, while entirely Tolkien and not winning any points for being so, manages to stay engaging through a novel amount of lore and a healthy dollap of political chaos. Comedy, notably, is tasteful as it is comically relieving from the mind-numbing gameplay.Divinity has quests, adventures, stories, instead of just a series of thinly veiled errands. But after clearing out the umpteenth corners of empty open world maps, fighting mooks and watching that EXP bar grow as my tired eyes clamored for that Skinner Box feedback loop, the writing mattered very little. During brief periods of lucidity, maybe.The one wholesale positive point of the game, washed out by the rest of it.Ultimately, Divine Divinity is a lukewarm recommendation to a very specific - or somewhat desperate - niche, but a recommendation nonetheless.If you're clamouring for escapism, to ignore your horrible life for a few days and just exist while wanting a product that's more ambitious than the norm, then Divine: Divinity is what you want. Don't expect it to change your life, but do expect it to help you forget your life."
76561198332439145,Recommended,214170,33937667,Posted: 31 July,all,davidwinterbury,An old classic with bags of charm and atmosphere. Not like a lot of the soulless games coming out nowadays. Yes of course  it's dated but still well worth a play.
,Recommended,214170,8115992,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"Personally I love these types of isometric action rpgs. Feels oldschool, similar to Diablo 1.Apart from the graphics, the game stands up well compared to other rpgs, and of course a lot of people care about amazing graphics/art, which this game really doesn't have, but you'll see from the screenshots if you like the style or not.Pros------- Has a load of interesting quests and characters.- The plot whilst cliche, is still interested to play through in most parts.- Music is very atmospheric.Cons------- It has quite a steep learning curve at the start, if you're not familiar with this type of game.- The graphics are dated and not for everyones taste."
,Not Recommended,214170,15335479,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Bob Vagene,"Really good game !BUTtoo many game breaking bugs ( random crash , corrupted files , bugged quest...)"
,Recommended,214170,24074526,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,thekingjelly,"Absolutely Lovely!This is a very original piece, thoughtfully created and executed to a famously high degree.I think that i could recommend this game to 80% of the people who would have a steam account."
76561198053648317,Recommended,214170,31515858,Posted: 2 May,all,FlingDragon,"This is an amazing game. This is what sucks the life from your day, forces you up all night and makes you wonder where the sun went. These are the games that make everything better."
,Recommended,214170,15108033,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,giftless,"Excellent game, which easily gave me 60 hours of good old-timey-rpg fun. It's got a light-hearted storyline and a lot of very original side-quests (which I must admit I enjoyed more than the main quest line). You will encounter situations where you'll go ""oh, snap"", admiring the ideas thrown in and it really shows that the developers were having fun making the game. The graphics are beautiful (for 2d fans) and didn't feel dated at all to me. The soundtrack is enjoyable, although it may sound a bit low-budget.The only remark I have is that if you decide to do every side quest in the game, you'll get crazy powerful and the late game will bore you. I found myself just skipping around the mazes and ignoring the enemies in the last level, just because it felt like a chore to kill the minions, which were no challenge. Last boss was a 4 second piece of cake.8.5/10. Not as good as Arcanum/Baldur's Gate or the other timeless classics, but a must play nevertheless."
76561198052484229,Recommended,214170,13275631,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Gremmlyn,"Windows 8.1 users- Don't believe all the negative you read in the reviews of this game, I picked it up in a steam sale for super cheap and it is totally worth it. I did however have alot of the issues in the negative reviews- slow framerates, long loads, and freezing/crashing of the game- UNTIL I did a little research. When you first launch this game go to the configuration screen and set it to Software rendering, set your resolution to 1024x768 and click the smoothness box. Problems solved. It's an old game but still looks decent enough with the resolution. The storyline and game play more than compensate for the graphics. Enjoy!"
76561197972264486,Recommended,214170,10133762,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,-=BwA=-Window,"Divine Divinity is a game that I discovered after playing another excellent game developed by Larian called Divinity: Dragon Commander.  At first I thought it looked like a Diablo clone, but it differentiates itself from Diablo in many areas.  My playtime clocked in at 40 hours. I ended up skipping a lot of content not because I wanted to but because my character had become practically invincible by Act 3 and that the game simply does not care whether you fail a side quest.I played the game on a 1024x768 resolution that was stretched to fit my monitor with black borders in the left and right.  Text does not scale well to a 1920x1080 resolution.  This is an artifact from the time the game was created.  The text for dialogue and item descriptions on higher resolutions was not unreadable or blurry, but it was annoyingly small.  Another reason for using the smaller resolution is that the game uses a sight range statistic. This mechanic means that enemies out side of your sight range are not visible even if you can 'see' that area of the map around yourself. Enemies pop up practically next to you when your sight range is low.  This was jarring for me and the problem was fixed with the lower resolution.Why would you play a game like this? Because it offers so many different ways to play.  Abilities are not set to any particular class. Every ability can be used by any class and can be leveled up five times.  You gain one skill point per level and every five level you gain an additional skill point.  This system  forces one to make deliberate choices in what skills to acquire and upgrade to create a powerful and versatile character, but there are many successful paths to take.  A lot of the fun in playing an RPG is discovering skill sets and items that work well together.  Divine Divinity succeeds in providing customization.There are mechanics in the game that are not explained well.  I highly suggest reading the manual before playing because I stumbled a few times. Items in the environment can be moved by left clicking and dragging it away from its initial position.  I believe that there is check against the strength statistic and the weight of the item to see if you can move it. There are many secret passages and items that are found behind piles of crates, barrels, rocks and haystacks so keep an eye out.  In order to equip runes to gear that has 'charm x' quality, you need to skill up an enchant weapon skill in the warrior tree.  Runes are key to improving resistances and stats your character is deficient in.Combat is simple hack and slash and provides ample opportunity to kite tougher enemies.  Left click on an enemy and auto attacks happen until it either it dies or you die. Abilities and spells are performed with right clicks.  The game lets you hotkey spells, items, and potions to the function keys F1, F2, etc.  I used these to toggle between melee weapons and ranged weapons and to change my spells.  Selecting a spell through a hotkey sets it for use on a right click.  The game also has a pause function that allows you to change your spell at your leisure.  There is a lot of combat and it is mediocre at best.  The game throws different enemies at you that require different strategies to be effective against and some of the bosses are brutal without preparation.The graphics for outdoor environments are highly detailed a nice to look at.  As you explore the musical score fades in an out so you can traverse the wilderness listening to background noises of the forest, fields and cities.  Dungeons are darker and blander.  There are four large overland maps that are littered with quests, monsters and new places to discover.  A few multilevel dungeons give the game its Diablo like feel.  It is a good mix of overland exploration and dungeoneering.Voice acting is limited  and what exists is woefully terrible.  Despite that, I could not get enough of my character yelling “Fantastic!” every time she leveled up.  The game throws you into a hornets nest at the beginning.  You are level one and the entirety of the starting area is surrounded by level 9-20 enemies.  Discovery of the first dungeon and figuring out how to navigate it efficiently is a key facet to understanding how the game's exploration is supposed to play out.  Progressing to the point of being able to destroy enemies that gave you a hard time is always satisfying.The final dungeon was not enjoyable.  It was too long and had too many enemies.  When the time comes, you can run through most of it to get to the ending.There is a lot more I could say about Divine Divinity but if I did this review would end up being a tome.  I hope that the review has shown a slice of the depth there is to Divine Divinity.  I can not give the game a blanket recommendation for everyone even though I had fun playing through significant portions of it."
76561198124039737,Recommended,214170,30050329,Posted: 19 February,all,Darkk_Art,"You want that potion? Take it. That chair? Sure, it'll look great in your new house you just decided to move into. That chest is full of treasure, just shove the whole thing in your inventory. You'll be rich when you get back to your merchant buddy, George, he'll give you a discount if you slip him a freebie. Now, should you save that farm, or go find that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ troll king? Both? Later! You haven't eaten in ages, grub and a pint at the Dwarven Bread Inn then! You know, I hear you can find a good fight there too...This is the best open world RPG I have ever played. A timeless classic with unlimited depth and freedom. I started writing a personal  walkthrough 12 years ago and still haven't found everything this masterpiece has to offer."
,Recommended,214170,22624363,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tamaster,"8/10 Very good== PROS & CONS ==+ Pros ++ Very good writing, storytelling and overall role-playing dialogues / interactions.+ Totally open class-build system that allows you to craft your very own class to suit your play style.+ Huge world with tons of secrets and quests.+ Challenging enemies, especially during late / endgame areas (On hardest difficulty).+ Good variety of weapons, equipments and general loot.+ Brilliant mix of real-time and pausable combat.+ Above average art direction and graphics.+ Great variety of enemies.- Cons -- Some abilities are WAY overpowered, to the point you can, with certain combinations, literally insta-kill ANY enemy.- There is no way to Respec your class abilities.- Absence of any weapon / armor / spell crafting, only potion crafting is present and very limited.- Quest rewards are almost always outclassed by random loot in terms of power.- You will have, for most part of the game, the possibility to use a certain item to teleport yourself to a safe area at any time, even during COMBAT.== Final Thoughts ==I think this game is a very good old school RPG. You will like it if you liked games like Diablo I and II. Suggested to anyone who is up for a challenging but rewarding adventure."
76561197963070255,Recommended,214170,23653095,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,vex,Well all in all its a quite enjoyable game but its the first part and the game world is not that big. I also had a bug that prevents me from saving as soon as i teleport in specific regions. Sadly this bug occured in the last main quest where you have to get the council of the 7 togehter. Because of that wasnt been able to finish this game.Pros:- good old rpg- a lot of skills- powerful hybrid charaters possibleCons:- Sound-bugs- Save-bugs- Only a few in-game vendors- not enough high level enemiesOne last tip for good equipment: Quicksave before you kill bosses and re-roll - that can make your life a lot easier especially when you play on hard-mode.
76561198234524288,Recommended,214170,23631708,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,sam_van_haute,"Never played this when it come out in 2002. Just finished it.The game is very immersive. The graphics are isometric 3D, simply but they do the job. The music is weird. You can't called it good music, but in a way it is because it adds immensily to the immersiveness, with a lot of ambient music, and it sounds otherworldly. The characters and dialogue are pretty good, but not in a serious way. This game is not at all serious and you might be disappointed by the lore, the voice actors (very funny) and the discussions IF you take the game seriously. So you shouldn't in my oppinion. There is alot about Tolkien here, cause its high fantasy, but also some winks (like the dagger that shines when orcs are nearby) and some references to Terry Pratchett as well if I am correct. Also some insider stuff like the AA Gent scroll. The world map is quite large and pretty good, maybe a bit too much of the same though.The battle system is relatively simple but basically like Diablo. I found to be challenging in the beginning but in accordance with the name of the game, you become godlike towards the end (health and resistances and stats begin to skyrocket with the use of gems). Also, frost is utterly broken, broken! Because of these things the game becomes too easy towards the end, even on the highest difficulties. So maybe it's not a bad idea to not use frost weapons and less gems. On the other hand, you can make so much potions that you can full heal like 99 times. In short, there are some balancing issues to this game, but they can be avoided if you so choose. There are quite alot of sequence bugs in quests as well and that kind of sucks.Overall, I was happily surpriced by a game with Diable battle mechanics, a lot of questing and exploration and quite alot of humour, it is really a funny game.So, I give a 7.5/10. I would have given a higher score if not for the bugs and overpowered stuff in the game."
76561198202951636,Recommended,214170,28714763,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,LQ,"This game has some of the best music in the entire gaming world-- beautiful, haunting, atmospheric, memorable in a lifetime.Beneath the old school graphics, the gameplay is excellent, there are interesting skills and vast amount of lore. Your actions and words have consequences. NPCs have personality and top-notch voice acting. This game also contains some super hilarious dialogue.I believe the game was developed by a rather small team, with many members doing multiple roles. Well, they totally beat some of the larger studios with this incredibly thoughtful game. Bravo guys!"
76561198065797434,Recommended,214170,8383946,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dan C.,"This game opened up to me the world of retro-gaming.  Even though the graphics weren't good to today's standards, even though the voice acting was kind of lame, the core story, combat and mechanics were very approachable, fun and engaging.  Here's my breakdown:Story 7/10:  This is by today's standards (2013).  At the time, I'm sure it was more like an 8Gameplay 7/10: Same deal as above.Enjoyment 8/10:  Overall the game was strangely addicting and immersive.  It was one of those games that made me want to clear the whole map."
,Recommended,214170,4260970,"Posted: 5 July, 2012",all,Xelios,"Divine Divinity is a fantastic old-school RPG.  There's a little bit of everything here in one aspect or another: Ultima VII, Sacred, and the great Infinity Engine games with some Diablo hack-n-slash action thrown in--though most things not done quite as well.  The graphics (again, like the Infinity Engine games) have held up amazingly well and the game is still beautiful, boasting a soundtrack just as much so.There's a vast, incredibly detailed above-ground and subterranian world packed full of secrets, quests and treasure for you to discover.  The skill system is filled with useful abilities, very little filler and doesn't restrict you to your class skills; even if you start as a mage you can pick up some thief skills along the way if you desire, and chances are you'll want to.  Combat is satisfying and the difficulty seems just right.Not much point in playing as multiple characters due to the open skill system, but the game already packs dozens of hours.  Same price as GOG, so don't hesitate to buy it if you don't have hangups about playing older games."
76561198126046438,Recommended,214170,18882197,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,That's a Snek,"Lovely oldschool vibes from this one! Unfortunately there are quite a few quest bugs, and the audio isn't exactly reliable, but on the whole I just can't stop playing this game. Save often and in different slots!"
76561198053286557,Recommended,214170,25177002,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Axxxel,"Larian wanted to make a ""Diablo-killer"" and did pretty well. Really good action RPG, with hundreds of hidden stuff/secrets and Larian's trademark humor that sets-in in every Divinity game."
,Recommended,214170,22870568,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Skipp,"A marvelous gem among the RPG genre! The game, even though it's pretty old, boasts a number of features not commonly found back in the day when it came out. One of which has to be the insane amount of environment interactivity that enables you to pick up, take with you or move/throw pretty much anything that's not nailed to the floor.Story-wise, it's a classic good vs. evil theme where you play a role of one of the chosen ones (yup, you're not a lone... well, not in the beginning at least :)) and you need to help a wizard stop the crazy Black ring cult from summoning the Lord of Chaos.For all you Diablo fans out there - Divine Divinity pretty much takes whatever made Diablo II great and implements it perfectly within it's own concepts with a few extra tweaks to make the game unique. There are lots of armors and weapons and the vast palette of skills ensures you to craft the character to your liking. Wanna be a magic wielding warrior? Or a two-hander fighting mage? Not a problem in Divinity.Steam version of this game is actually a re-release with enhanced graphics and fullHD resolution support (16:10 formats included!) so the game looks awesome, packed with details bursting out of your screen. I'm a sucker for 2D graphics but Divine Divinity really looks and feels warm'n'cousy all the time. Especially while visiting taverns with lots of NPCs to talk to, warm fire flickering in the corner while a local drunkard is trying to woo some poor waitress...The game is packed with side quests and tiny details like NPC dialog that help you finish or find more quests which are never set in a way that holds your hand. Instead - You need to explore, ask around and find out for yourself everything that has to do with the current mission that you're on.Unfortunately, the game has some bug issues most of which are patched or easily avoidable - but there are a few game breaking bugs you might run into. For example - looting an item way before gaining a quest that tells you that the same item belongs to a person and you need to return it. If you've sold it - you can't finish the quest. Or a specific NPC that's vital to the main story that bugs and disables you from teleporting further.Luckily, the Divinity community is still very active and actually all bugs have a way of ""un-bugging"" them either by workarounds or simple ""cheats"".As a huge RPG fan, this game is probably somewhere in my top 3 RPGs I've ever played."
76561198063200078,Recommended,214170,31364235,Posted: 25 April,all,Izzyboo,"I came into this game not knowing much about it but i found it to be very fun and extremely addictive. After over 50 hours i can say that this is an interesting open world game with a lot to explore and a lot of fun quest lines. There are some sound glitches and game breaking bugs, so it can be helpful to look at a guide to make sure you don't run into those in game, but it didn't take away from my experience. The beginning is also pretty punishing until you gain a few levels but after you get tougher and get farther in the game it gets a bit easier. Definitely a good rpg, and on top of that the game is cheap on steam. It's worthy of your time"
76561198002212101,Recommended,214170,33303871,Posted: 6 July,all,Poker_Joe,"Classic what-the-hell-were-devs-on RPG. Very tongue in cheek humour here in there to help you along the 7/10 story. Not for everybody, but for those that it is for will love it."
,Recommended,214170,26024547,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Shotime,"Divine Divinity is described as a ""2D Skyrim"" in the advertisement video; however, I honestly think that's selling it a little short.  It's a much deeper game with much more customization available and a lot more hidden things to discover.  It's an ARPG in the sytles of Diablo but where Diablo focused on gameplay and had a tight/rushable grinding experience Divine Divinity spends much more time in the ""Roleplaying"" section of the ARPG namesake.  The pace is slower, you can customize your character in much greater ways to build one that's truly unique, and the narrative of the game is more story-centric and focused on taking you through various towns that you can explore that are populated with many different NPCs to interact with.  There are a lot of quests and many different hidden secrets and eastereggs to discover, so one of my favorite features is actually allowing you to place a personalized marker on the map to remind yourself of something you'll want to come back to at a later point in time.I loved exploring the world and interacting with the characters.  The game is quite large, so there are several bugs and a few quests that break, but nothing that really detracted from the game for me.  Except the framerate.  I played the majority of the game on Direct 3D rendering mode and the framerate suffered.  Like, really suffered.  It's a testament to how much I enjoyed playing Divine Divinity that I continued along when every time poisoin clouds were being rendered or a lot of enemies were onscreen the engine slowed to a crawl.  When I switched to the Software renderer at about 50 hours of gametime in the framerate increased dramatically and I no longer experienced slowdowns.  It does break video cutscenes and doesn't look as nice but if you're aggravated by the framerate like I was give that a shot and swap back when you need to.If you like ARPGs and would like to experience a living world around one don't pass on this game."
76561198007494538,Recommended,214170,26480613,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Shogulix,If planescape torment and diablo had a child.Great game 9/10
,Recommended,214170,8702830,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Aseliot,"The game looks a bit like Diablo 2 (isometric) but plays different, instead of holding the mouse to attack you can just click once to keep attacking. You can pause the whole game (with spacebar) to relax and take a look at your potions and equipment. Health (and stats in general) doesn’t increase so dramatically on higher levels. Also the whole world is not infested by demons (like in diablo) and you will meet a lot of friendly NPC's in the world.It's a lot bigger than you would think judging by first glance, there are caves and underground areas and there are always people around to talk with that can give you something to do, despite some of them having trivial problems. I'm level 23 for god sake and slaughter orcs in almost two hits, I don't care about your lost kitty little girl! But then again some of these quests do have a more suprising outcome.The game does not give you any visual hints of where to go and what to do regarding quests, you should just read the note in the quest-log. The main plot also gets a little bit lost when you are running around trying to get quests and level up. So you might end up not really knowing where to go and just wander into uncharted territory hoping to get something useful. At least that is how I go about it.Do however note that the game gets a little cryptic at the end you might just wander past stuff you were supposed to be doing something and by pressing alt (to see items etc.) you can't find everything you need all the time. It had me search stuff in the internet otherwise I would've just been stuck a whole lot more times, maybe old fashioned game design is to blame here.Overall it's a really fun game despite the flaws, worth the price if you like to play isometric RPGs. I also have to say that I find the combat in this more satisfying than for example titan quest. Though it does sometimes send enemies at you that are way too strong but which you could just defeat later on."
76561198047300432,Recommended,214170,32695242,Posted: 23 June,all,Pokmalac,"I absolutely recommend this game it was awesome, i played though 8 times :DBUT, i have a problem that i never had before only with Divine Div.(beyond divinity is fine).So even in the menu i have a weird darkness and i dont know why.Its like if the textures were cut out. In menu for example i have a black spot and play written on it.Really weird never had this before.Can somebody help me with this? plz"
76561197986987607,Recommended,214170,8986237,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,boonx,"Never heard of this game before, and when I saw it on Steam, I checked the screenshots, and I did not like it very much, it looked ... messy.Then I went to the forums to read about it, and after seeing how people praise this game, plus the really cheap price, I bought it.And my God, this was my best Steam purcashe ever!- ImmersionI was suprised to find myself reading every book, and every manuscript, that I came across. I usually skip through books, and conversations in rpg-s because most of the time, they are just so generic and boring. Not in this game! Everything so far was interesting, cleverly written, and sometimes even humorous. The same goes for conversations.- Sound / MusicSometimes the audio glitches, and makes a loud hissing sound, but other than that, the sounds are OK. The music is fantastic! Again, I was suprised, that instead of the usual generic medieval stock music that most rpgs have, Divine Divinity starts off with an amazingly beautiful main menu music, and so far, I found all the tracks interesting, and memorable.- GraphicsThe screenshots don't do this game justice, I don't know why the store screenshots made me think the game looks messy, when you are ingame, it looks perfectly clear, yet artistic, and just plain nice! Everything looks like so much care and talent was put into it.tl;drGood game, buy it!"
76561198161017451,Recommended,214170,28149882,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,solid snake,"+Some of the best isometric art style ever seen in video game+Maybe the greatest sountrack in crpg+Rich lore+It very dark and atmospheric+It includes quests with a variety and originality+Good sense of humor+It takes many hours to finish+easy to learn-repetitive gameplay: You can only use limited tactics for every class especially for warrior-unbalanced gameplay( you can easily make your character overpowered)-unbalanced difficulty(It starts very hard but it gets easier later)-Limited dungeon designs-Lots of similar and uninspired enemy monsters-Most bosses use the same skin with enemies-Some game crashesThe game is like open world diablo 1 with some influence from some other great 90s crpg(fallout,baldurs gate).Its very good in terms of graphics,music and atmospheric but it has very repeatitive and unbalanced gameplayI rate it 81/100"
,Recommended,214170,25386025,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Anonymous guy,Brought game.Installed game.Clicked new game.Created character.Loading screen told me to kill Otho's pigs.Went to Otho's pigs.Killed Otho's pigs.Got struck down by the thunder of of Zeus himself.Died 5 minutes into the game.Classic 10/10 must play.
76561198064918279,Recommended,214170,28956626,Posted: 2 January,all,KaTeR,one of the best rpg ive ever played. quick and painless
76561197971153978,Recommended,214170,24114764,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Xaero,"Almost abandoned this game after the first few minutes because you stand in front of locked doors more often than not, but after i got the teleporter stones and headed into my first dungeon i got that diablo1/2 vibe and i can see now why it has good ratings. Horrible start to a game, thats the main reason i write a review, don't let it fool you. Hint: Look out for levers."
,Recommended,214170,24093635,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,geweldig,"Everything is right in this game.I got it very cheap in 10/2005 from a gaming magazine and played it a lot. The CD is scratchy now so I bought it on Steam.* Best fitting game soundtrack I know (you can download it for free)* Easy to understand control* 3 male + 3 female player classes* Extensive skill system, but not too complex (unlike P&P)* Classic epic storyline with main quests and lots of side quests* Some humorous elements to lighten up the mood* You can amongst other things steal, sneak, break in, lockpick, perform magic or use brute force* Big open world with many diverse localities and different races, secrets, caves, dungeons...- Due to its age, the Steam overlay won't work, so you can't upload screenshots without using complicated workarounds.Be prepared to get disorientated at the beginning. It takes a while until you know where you must go. Just enter the darkness, talk to everyone and make use of the saving option."
76561198113948632,Recommended,214170,34628855,Posted: 31 August,all,Kain,"DD is simply a beautiful mix of classic ARPG plus mesmerizing atmosphere, stunning musics, interesting stroyline, a big world with lots of mysteries to discover, many lores that you can find and enjoy by reading books and scripts, beautiful and very dark artwork and many other lovely things that you should see it by yourself. many people playing it while I'm living in it. it's not just a game for me. it's much more than that!I used to play this game many years back and now it's time to give my love another visit."
,Recommended,214170,9335289,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Xendarii,"You can find a comprehensive review of the game below the pros and cons, as well as a summarizing conclusion right at the end.Pros+ Overall nice main plot+ Up to 60-70 hours play time+ Great and varying quests+ A vast number of weapons and items+ Mostly coherent atmosphere+ Good soundtrackCons- Outdated graphics- A bunch of bugs and technical issues- Weak last story chapter- Some world design inconsistenciesGameplayDivine Divinity has intuitive controls, a clear user interface (although this does not apply for the inventory) and offers some comfort features like hotkeys, a minimap and a great quest log. The battles are simple, but can get a little bit confusing when you're surrounded by many enemies or have to fight behind obstacles. Also, there's not much tactic needed (and possible) - you either end up clicking opponent after opponent to smash them to bits or do the same thing from the distance with arrows or spells. The game's pretty challenging especially at the beginning though, when you're low on health and don't deal much damage, but gets a lot easier once you've got good armor and a powerful weapon (or spells, if you're playing as a mage). Divine Divinity perfectly evokes your drive for more and better items and constantly satisfies it, since enemies often drop useful things and there are chests full of great loot around every corner.The huge downside of this game is that it's got a pretty weak technology. I experienced regular crashes or hang-ups - sometimes without an accountable reason, sometimes when I tried to open a book or pick up an item. That's annoying, but can be compensated by saving often and on different savegames. What's worse is that some core mechanics are either buggy or completely inoperative. There are some skills that don't have an effect on battles even if they're expected to, others are extremely overpowered and you can break several quests by entering certain areas earlier than intended by the developers or using the (unapparantly) wrong speech options. This worsens the overall impression and tempers the gaming experience constantly.Story & QuestsThe storyline is key to every good role-playing game, and while you certainly cannot expect Divine Divinity to have the greatest plot ever seen in the gaming industry, its golden thread is enjoyable and sometimes even a bit exciting. The presentation isn't always perfectly well-made, however - some dialogs seem clumsy, some core parts of the story are treated too hasty and the last (and fortunately short) part of the game is pretty boring and doesn't match up to the rest of the game.A huge strong point of Divine Divinity are its quests. They are almost always specific in one way or the other - be it because of an unexpected turn, very bizarre characters or a good portion of humour. The game keeps the typical ""Bring me 25 red flowers"" or ""Kill 20 orcs"" quests within a limit, but provides lots of side quests to stop you from following the main quest nevertheless.While the game's general atmosphere is quite nice and consistent, particularly in certain areas like Aleroth, the village in which you get started, or a huge forest in the south of the game's main region, there are a few things that sometimes take you out of the illusion to be a part of an authentic and comprehensible world. The bettermost example for this issue are the elves, one of Rivellon's most important races, who can get very old, and therefore could be expected to reach wisdom and calmness in the process, but instead mostly act like pubescent humans. Things like these may be dependent on personal preferences, but are one reason why Divine Divinity can not quite match up to the real RPG greats.Graphics & SoundIf the graphics are the or at least one of the most important parts of a game for you, you definitely should beware of even thinking about playing Divine Divinity. I mostly liked its style and wasn't bothered about that it doesn't even look exceptionally good for a twelve years old game, but that's something every player has to decide for himself by looking at screenshots or watching videos.The situation is different with the sound, which is some kind of a two-edged sword. On the one hand, the effects aren't anything to speak of and I experienced a very disturbing and loud noise interference on some rare occasions. The music, however, is always enjoyable and the score has got some outstanding pieces that are capable of adding a lot more atmosphere to the situations they accompany.ConclusionDivine Divinity might not be one of the greatest games in history, but it offers many hours of an unfeigend and nostalgic adventure that will make you want to come back to the lands of Rivellon whenever possible and stay as long as you can. The game offers a good mix of story elements and battles to make sure that both Hack and Slay as well as RPG fans will get their money worth and will entertain you with around 60 hours of fun (given you take your time to discover every corner of the world and solve all the side quests). There are some flaws, and some of them aren't negligible, but if you aren't addicted to amazing graphics and don't get frustrated by games with some rough edges, you certainly should not miss out on an exciting journes to this fantastic world."
,Recommended,214170,532523,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Ferral,This is one of those games that everyone should have played and own. Steam version has high res support and plays better than ever.If you like Action RPG's then this is a game for you. It is on par with Diablo 1 & 2 for sheer scope and scale. Apparently there are over 20000 game screen making up the huge world and maps.Currently on sale for mere pennies you need to buy this game if you haven't already!
,Recommended,214170,1546741,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Tiny Crust,"Never really thought that I would buy this game, but I gave it a chance since this is the only game my notebook can possibly handle and at the first glace this seems to be diablo clone, but it is an amazing RPG with an interesting world, Skyrim-like skill tree and tons of beautifully written quests which are serious sometimes, but will give you plenty to laugh from once in a while."
,Recommended,214170,1305946,"Posted: 10 October, 2012",all,๖ۣۜR3BORN,"Divine Divinity is in essence a fleshed out version of  Diablo 1 & 2, with a mixture of Baldur's Gate thrown in for good measure. The game boasts an amazing soundtrack, gorgeous visuals, (for it's time), and an indepth and interactive item system. Nearly anything and everything in the game can be used, sold, bartered for, or combined. That goes for jugs, barrels, mushrooms, and so forth. The game, sadly, only makes use of about 3 classes, but makes up for that loss with an impressive array of skills. Any skill found in the game can be used by any class of character, (although as a Warrior a Fireball skill isn't necessarily that useful). All in all, Divine Divinity will provide a lengthy and interesting gaming experience for a low sum of 6 dollars."
,Recommended,214170,23341588,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Beyond Malachi,"A game that would've been great 15 years ago, and was surprisingly okay for nowadays.  The game play is a bit like the old Ultima games.  The world is pretty vast.  There are enough different abilities to keep it interesting.  And the plots and sidequests are intriguing.  It still has some of that old world adventuring - looking for hidden entrances and solving mysteries in addition to the more typical 'get me some herbs' adventuring that's overdone nowadays.  If you don't mind the older graphics and style, it'll be well worth playing.Also, don't get too turned off at first.  I found the first 15-20% to be much less interesting than the last 80%.  Give it time to get going!Additionally, if you love Divinity: Original Sin, you might enjoy this anyway: although neither is essential to the other, they are set in the same world, and you get loads of backstory here.  The only caveat: Beyond Divinity, the middle section of story, is much less playable.  I'd suggest playing Divine Divinity, then reading about what happens in Beyond Divinity, then playing (or replaying) Divinity: Original Sin."
,Recommended,214170,13444154,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,SpectreCraft,"It was late, just past midnight. After hours of skulking around in the farmer’s field I had found my target, an orc who had carelessly wandered away from his fellow bandits and their camp. I stayed low and crept close behind him. Distracted by the farmer’s dog he didn’t stand a chance, I pounced. The blade of my dagger slid across his fat green throat and he squealed like a stuck pig. I couldn’t help but smirk at the carelessness of this buffoon as I looted his overfed corpse, another victim to my insatiable desire for blood and gold. I wasn’t able to admire my handiwork for very long though, just then the brush began to rustle up ahead prompting me to make my escape. Barely avoiding a confrontation with his friends who had heard his scream, I watched them howl in anger and grief as they suck out whoever had slayed their friend. But alas I had eluded them. I snaked my way into the farmer’s barn where I laid low and made my bed in the hay. While lying in the hay I could hear the snorts and howls of the orcs echo in the distance, their sorrow would soon be quelled because tomorrow night it would be their turn…Divine Divinity is an excellent CRPG that any old school gamer would easily be able to lose hours of their life to. I recommend it without reservation to anyone looking for a classic and unforgettable RPG experience."
76561197995669628,Recommended,214170,7919736,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Sorokonojka,"InDivine Divinityquests are not as simple as going to the target on the map. It is one of a kind world full of creative sidequests, secrets, traps, humor, interesting characters and much more. However, not everything is self-explanatory. You really have to use your brain and pay attention to the clues or you won't get very far.Please excuse my play time ( I have already wasted my life on a CD copy and not doing it again ) It takes around 40 hours to beat it and 60 to explore.There is no Post-Game so you should fully explore the game before going into the portal to the desert.In a way, it reminds me Elder Scrolls but in 2D. You can randomly run into a talking animal that needs your help (they probably got it from this game) My favorite moment is when I picked a ""Cursed Weapon"" I played for hours with my health draining down and only after looking up online I realized that weapon that I was using was actually CURSED.This game has open skill system which means that you are not locked into a specific class. Sadly there is a lot of balancing problems and some skills become completely useless. Still, I like the freedom that this game gives to player's choice.Some people call it Diablo2 clone but it is a lot more complex and focuses more on story and puzzles rather than grinding (enemies do not even respawn so you can only grind so many items) You can Save/Load the game to abuse drops though ;) You will probably wanna do it a bit because high loot enemies are very rare .Score: 9/10. This is a very smart RPG game that rewards curiosity and exploration. It is not very accessible for a new player do to complicated puzzles. If you are tired of by the book grinding RPGs with no intellectual challenge then give this one a try."
76561198067139860,Recommended,214170,11015212,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Narcolico,"The music is beautiful, the gameplay almost flawless, every NPC has something interesting to say and there is a lot of unexpected humor. Truly great game."
76561197991842852,Recommended,214170,1347024,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Ozan Ozkirmizi,"Herkesin Diablo 2 ile uğraştığı dönemde, soğuk kış aylarımı ısıtan oyun. Sessiz sedasız Belçikadan çıkıp gelen bir şaheser... Keşke zaman yaratabilsem de yeniden başına otursam... Konusundaki inanılmaz entrikalar meraktan öldürüyor insanı. Üstüne sağlam rpg altyapısı ile saygınızı sonuna kadar hak ediyor... Açılış (ana ekran) müziğine dikkat ! Bağımlılık yapabilir."
76561198083173943,Recommended,214170,21488710,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,vaioyoshi,"First played this game back in 2005 when I was 14 and I am playing it again now that I am 25. If that doesn't say something about how amazing this game is, I don't know what will."
76561198060344653,Recommended,214170,23492893,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,leonjuanluis,"One of those old school games that does not hold your hand much, which I love. The game starts slow but once you start unlocking more abilities and getting cool armor the combat becomes far more enjoyable. The world, although it is bit generic fantasy, is fun to explore."
,Recommended,214170,34361462,Posted: 19 August,all,Smegpot,"I wanna start off first by saying the number of hours played on steam is  probably 1% of the total time I've played this game. Though, it's been quite a few years since I sat down and played it for a while. Back in 2003-ish a buddy and I played the ever living hell out of it. Also worth noting that I'm a big fan of Divinity 2 and Original Sin, so needless to say these guys haven't been getting worse at making games.  Long story short, I loved it 14 years ago, and I love it now. Go buy it if you like old school hack and slash.Beweare of bugs, especially on a newer computer. So make a lot of saves, and do backups."
76561198021953887,Recommended,214170,23047140,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,PeliasDeWizzzrd,"My rating: 4 (maybie 5) out of 5 stars.Positives:A very good and fulfeeling deeb-story RPG with many interesting quests and various game mechanics (i.e. you can throw rocks to your enemies, you can relocate chests and other containers to setup a home-base storage area for your character, you can combine a pillow and a blanket to make a portable bed, you can posses the body of a fallen enemy and fight with it and its abiliities while your original body is laying down 'sleeping' etc).[[EDIT: I tried again in my recent game to combine pilow and blanket with no sccess... combining strow to make a bed is working, as does the unique portable bed of the game.. I recoment searching on the internet to see details about portable beds at the begining of your gameplay]]The great variety of the gameplay of each class, combined with the variaty of skills available (that all classes can aquire), results in great replayability. Playing a thief that depends on Feigh Death to avoid been hit by monsters and to traps to kill them himself, can require quite different strategies than a thief focused on poisoned arrows mayhem... a wizard can focush on necromancy or enemy-possesion approaches, or can use the common 'fireball-lightnigbold-fireball' approach.Humor is well embended in the serious-dark-gothic story quests. An example that reminded me of old time RPGs I have loved at the past (i.e. Fallout, with its Monty Python Tim Wizard bridge random encounter), is the humor in the descriptions like ""Lightning Resistans 10: Your resistanse to lightning is pathetic. You should not insult the gods during stormy weather.""Exploring the world and finding out about the conspiracies and the stories of the variousu NPCs was quite fulfilling for my taste. The storylines kept me awake quite a few nights.Negadives:The game starts as a simple Hack-&-Slash diablo clone, so some gamers that are looking for the deep RPG gameplay  could get a bit bored at the first couple of hours.Resolution possibley has to be set manually at the ini files fos some PC configurations. I found out that I dindt like the small characters at 1920x1080, so I am happily playing with the resolution set at 1600x900.Initial 'view distance' is bery short. It was OK on the old screen resolutions, but now at high resolution settings I definetly prefer my character to be able to see the enemies that are halph screen away. Fortunatelly, the view distance is actually a stat of the character that can be boosted with xp, so I used a mod from the begining of the game, adding to an item I am carrying the ""+12 view"" bonus.The open-world strucure can lead to some broken quests, so better to check comunity guides on the matter."
76561198045382534,Recommended,214170,27746879,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Attiker,"About demons, heroes and cats.Divine Divinity is most likely one of the greatest isometric Hack-&Slay-RPGs of all time, including a well written story about demons, necromancers, heroes and cats. The land Rivellon is torn apart by war, civil unrest and greed...a group of fanatic villains and madmen created ways to bind a divinity for the sole reason of destroying the world. The tortured divinity managed to escape and blessed the upcoming hero with her divine light.What will happen next is for the player to decide. Rivellon is a very large land that contains many side stories, quests and characters. The player is able to choose out of six different heroes - warrior, mage and thief, every class has a female and male counterpart - and can further customize the hero with several skills, lots of weapons and many clothes. The graphics did age well and the combat is simple but enjoyable.I recommend Divine Divinity to everyone who likes Baldur's Gate, well written oldschool-RPGs and cats."
76561197996570017,Recommended,214170,9380629,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,TKimball,I love this old-school RPG.  It isn't turn-based.  I'm good with that.  The voice acting can be a little corny but the story is great and the entertainment value cannot be matched.
76561198026852317,Recommended,214170,27754039,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Weofparadigm,"Did you like Diablo but are looking for more of a rich story based RPG? This is your game. The big positives in my eyes are the class-fluid skill system, great graphics for the time, and incredible music. Minor negatives include uninspired voice acting, occassional huge blocks of texts in conversations, and slightly flawed pathfinding. This game is well worth the price if you're looking to explore a meaty RPG world."
76561198055662076,Recommended,214170,13889634,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Shenanigans1930,"TL;DR - If you thought Diablo II was too small and needed more freedom in character customization, you'll probably love this game.Divine Divinity is an isometric action RPG in the style of Diablo but with some unique differences. First off, the world is fairly large, with open areas to explore and an impressive number of side quests to complete. Dungeons are typically expansive as well - the first major dungeon being at least 3 spawling levels with some sub-areas thrown in too. A number of environment pieces can actually be moved (if it has a weight noted, it can be picked up), which allowed for a nice way to hide items/areas without resorting to locked/secret/illusionary entrances all the time.DD has you choose a class at the start, but you can select spells/skills from anywhere as you progress, allowing you to hybrid to your heart's content. One of DD's strengths is customization - between charms, stats and skills you have a lot of control over how you want to play your character. That said, there are a few skills that are strong enough to warrant including in any build (and a couple that are required later on to finish some quests), which somewhat detracts from the mix-n-match customization as a whole.One rank each of Repair and Polymorph can let you handle almost anything, and one rank of Pickpocket is needed to pass an initiation test later.For the most part, the game is non-linear so you can complete and explore as you desire, but you'll find that many locations are way above what you can handle at lower levels. At one point I scoured the countryside killing mobs basically to farm a few levels, which ended up being about 2 nights of gameplay. It was a little annoying that I wasn't working on any major quests at the time, but the map features tons of little interesting areas (most with a small quest/story of their own) which broke up the monotony of level grinding.There's a fairly large amount of history/lore to back up the main storyline which was adequate and heroic, but I was disappointed with the game's ending (assuming there's only one) as it was a little vague... though I guess that was intentional to allow for sequel potential (which seems to be the case).Overall Divine Divinity is a solid title in the genre and provides many hours of open-exploration, quest-completing, monster-slaying, loot-obtaining RPG goodness."
,Recommended,214170,31842251,Posted: 19 May,all,Cheebus,Vampire said I would live if my blood was sucked instead of the boy's.Died.10/10.
76561197969504508,Not Recommended,214170,15245491,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,†MÂÐ† Don't Panic,Was a great game had a game breaking issue at one point.  After the council of seven cutscene when you land on the ground with fire striking down the game froze.  I haven't seen a fix for this freeze yet.  After alot of hours in game to reach a point that I am unable to finish heart breaking.
,Recommended,214170,29026011,Posted: 4 January,all,Adobo Furikake,Good game but I kept on losing some of my inventory items.
,Recommended,214170,29105843,Posted: 7 January,all,SH4T,"Got this game for less than a dollar, pretty good game it confuses a bit at first coz I never really liked an Isometric-RPG kinda like.And for George, I DID NOT TAKE YOUR DRUDANAE ON PURPOSE.Pros:+ Worth your money+ Still damn fun on 2017 (Yeay!)+ Skeleton cracking sound on every enemy you hit+ Play it yourself for more pros ;)Cons:- Equipment dont really look different one another, its just the name and effects.- A bit glitchy for me, got freeze sometime but it continues itself followed with a sound like 'bzzzt' (idk, what is this?)My only regret is, I didnt buy the anthology :("
,Recommended,214170,267109,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,RuinComplex,2d Skyrim. That is all.
,Recommended,214170,13989925,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Archinowsk,"Pretty isometric graphics, light-hearted humor, decent storyline, and lots of side quests. Not quite Baldur's Gate or Diablo, but enjoyable."
76561198022415153,Recommended,214170,21331469,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,invaderzim48,"""I Killed the orcs"" ~ Andrew Jackson"
,Recommended,214170,22226436,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Gicu,This game gives me feelings of Diablo 1 with a slightly better graphic which I like.I think this will be long journey before I play Original Sin.
76561198058006137,Recommended,214170,21570877,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,wahl35,"I have just finished  and must say that this is a very good game. As others have posted, I would strongly advise reading some of the guides/forum posts on quest breaking bugs. There aren't really that many in total, just be careful. I only had one quest glitch but still could have finished the quest if I had chosen to do it a different way.There isn't much to add to all the other positive reviews ohter than buy this game and enjoy it. And remember to save often and in different slots!"
,Recommended,214170,9020185,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Logan76667,"I first played this game when it was in a Games Magazine in October 2005. I've I first played this game when it was in a Games Magazine in October 2005. I've loved it ever since, and It's still my favourite game. Being released in 2002, it obviously can't hold a candle to any new game in terms of graphics, but I STILL love it's looks. I've played it through 4 times before, and just had the urge to play it again, and thought ""I might as well get it on steam"" and am now writing this review while it downloads ^^There are two main aspects that make Divinity to my favourite Game of all times:The First is the incredibly deep World and characters it provides, the quests you receive tell you about their lives, be it the soldier who asks you for a feign death potion, to go home to his fiancé, the Orc who tries to right his people's wrongs, or the ♥♥♥♥ing Brat who asks you to do whatever♥♥♥♥♥♥he can't be bothered to. All of these define the characters more than Skyrim for example did. Also the two Skeletons that explode upon Philosophizing about how they're held together without any flesh or muscles.The second aspect is the Music. In Divine Divinity, as well as Divinity 2: Ego Draconis, the music (composed by Kirill Pokrovsky)  fills you with excitement and tension, always fitting the Area you're in. In fact, my most played song on Itunes it ""On the Brink of Defeat"" from Divine Divinity.I can only say that Divine Divinity is a game you HAVE to play, if you're a fan of RPGs in which the focus lies in the story and characters."
,Recommended,214170,9972941,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Mark,Imagine Diablo 2 meets Skyrim. That is Divine Divinity. Worth a playthrough!
,Recommended,214170,8412603,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Erebus Red,"In the hunt for quality RPG's I'll try most anything... and this old school game has the depth, imagination and customisation that I've been dreaming about in an RPG.  It may look simple but there are many secrets to discover, roaming places to explore, choices to make and very wide character ability choices to strategise.  The story emplors many fantasy tropes but is written with a knowing wit.  Very, very pleased with this game.  This is as close to playing old school D&D on a PC as you can get!"
76561198036725485,Recommended,214170,8400176,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bastet,"I absolutely love this game, it's really addictive.I love the low key graphics and environment artwork typical of the period (2002) and I really enjoy birds-eye-view RPGs like this. It's very similar to the old Diablo's, but better. The storyline is good and the controls are solid. I was quite impressed with the writing, which is very solid and rich. The soundtrack is also good.The voice acting is a little cheesy but it just adds to the charm. The game world is large and there are an absolute ton of items to find, books and notes to read and so forth. It has a very rich lore portrayed via the characters, storyline and books/manuscripts/notes etc.I have only really encountered one bug with the game: a loud burst of static which seemingly occurs randomly. It's loud regardless of the sound settings but it's only a minor issue.To shamelessly steal someone elses review, because I 100% agree:'One of the best RPG I have ever played, it's a real gem that every RPG lover MUST play.In my opinion it's a 10/10, you have to consider this is a 11* years old game.'"
,Recommended,214170,4374417,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,MeaslyTripod,"A single-player fantasy RPG with top-down view, the 1st title of Divinity series by Belgian developer Larian Studios. Player can make their characters learn any skill regardless of their initial class. It's up to player to when & where to go, what to do. Sadly the latter 1/3 part is somehow tedious because player's character becomes too strong or enemies too weak, but overall quality is high, especially its graphics and music are impressive. With plenty of sub-quests, at least 40 to 60 hours playing is guaranteed. Getting ""Divinity Anthology"" which includes 3 titles of the series (this game and its spin-off ""Beyond Divinity"" and ultimate edition of sequel ""Divinity 2 Developer's Cut"") during sale on Steam saves some money.Some tips: Manual (dd_manual.pdf) and story (story.pdf) are inside the installed folder. 1 sub quest requires some reputation so always try to commit good deeds, there's no merit of committing bad ones. (You'll be arrested by guards or executed instantly!) Some skills make the game too easy, ""Aura of Command"" allows to manipulate all summoned creatures including enemy's, ""Deadly Gift"" allows to use ""Scorpion Trap"", which even tears the final boss apart.(Japanese translation below)==================================================ベルギーはLarianStudios製のDivinityシリーズ第1作を飾る、見下ろし視点の1人用ファンタジーRPG、日本語非対応なので語学力必須です。自由性が高く、いつ何処で何をするもプレイヤー次第、主人公は初期職業の種類に関係なく好きなスキルを自由に習得出来ます。ゲーム終盤は主人公が強くなりすぎたのか敵が弱すぎるのか多少退屈ですが、全体的な質は高く特にグラフィックとBGMは文句無しの出来栄え、膨大な数のサブクエストのおかげで最低40～60時間は遊べます。続編の完全版と番外編を含む3作のリマスター版が同梱されたアンソロジーをセール時に買うと少しだけ得します。プレイの上で役立つ情報：操作説明書とストーリー説明用のPDFファイルはインストール先のフォルダにあります、ファイル名はdd_manual.pdfとstory.pdfです。サブクエストの1つは名声値が必要なので出来るだけ善人プレイを心掛けましょう、このゲームで悪人プレイをする利点は皆無です。下手をすると衛兵に逮捕されるだけでは済まず現行犯でその場で処刑されます。召喚生物なら敵でも自分の手駒にできるAura of Commandと、最終ボスすら容易に引き裂く蠍の罠が使えるようになるDeadly Giftは、ゲームバランスを崩壊させる凶悪スキルです。"
76561198026316931,Recommended,214170,19813708,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,EolSunder,"A fun little RPG game of the Divinity series, not particular outstanding, but not one of the many boring rpgs out there. You can play as a few different types of characters, warrior, archer, mage, thief, but overall the warrior is vastly superior to the others, easier to play, easier to survive, and in the end he'll have tons of spells and thief abilities anyway. The first 2/3rds of the game is good, the last 1/3 is very rushed and weak so you'll get bored when you start doing the wasteland/ending parts of the game. Plus at that time you usually can kill most mobs in 2 hits so it isn't challenging when you start racking up 3000+ vitality and have all the super armor pieces you need to survive. Plus its pretty easy to cheat in the game with duping/etc so you have to limit yourself from not doing that. Overall, a nice basic rpg thats pretty long, you can get really cheap when its on sale, and will keep your attention for quite a while. A must buy for people who like rpgs, etc."
76561197993205559,Recommended,214170,21258786,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Zawa Zawa,If you came in here expecting to go through this like Diablo you're going to get rekt
76561198054178765,Recommended,214170,24007198,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Slick Willy,this game is vary good little choppy combat but good story and interface
76561198031328124,Recommended,214170,33559808,Posted: 15 July,all,Rizilliant,"If you like your games straight old school, with ZERO help, no tutorial, and everything on you, then this is right up your alley.. Any 'Help' that you need, YOU must locate inside books, listen carefully to conversations, or locate with your own eyes.. Holding 'Alt' reveals some items that youre able to loot, but things like levers, torches, and other interatable environment details must be located yourself.. They highlight when moused over, but thats it..I can see from very extremely limited time with this game, that its going to be very deep, rewarding, and difficult..You start by selectiong 1 of 3 classes Rogue, Warrior, Mage(2 of each class, of each gender, totalling 6).. Thats where the class system ends, and you can choose skills and stats however you like.. More akin to a classless system..Combat is real time, ith a pause feature.. You can hotkey abilities, potions etc. but can only have one of them equipped at a time, and is used with the right mouse button.. Tap a hotkey to swap it, and then right click to use it.. Your normal attack is left clik.. You can use either Stamina abilities, or Mana abilities via this method..Its actually visually appealing, even though its 15yrs old.. I will say, Dont bother trying it on your native resolution, as above its original res, the texts, and EVERYTHING becomes so tiny, its difficult to read, see, and even click on items/enemies.. I dropped it down to 1260x800, and obviously everything was MUCH easier to see, AND there was ZERO loss in graphical fidelity.. Still looked great!In all honesty, this IS my type of game... Im not sure if its because I have such a large unplayed backlog, if Im just not feeling this game, or if I just not in the mood because I know its going to take a serious investment learning, and playing throghj such a deep game.. But I am indeed having a hard time gett6ing started.. It doesnt help that theres no sense of direction, or help at the start.. Very much ""heres your character.. GO!""  But its definitely going to be epic, if I can get myself over the initial hump!If youre looking for a more casual game, remeniscent of todays handheld, dumbed down crap, look elsewhere!"
,Recommended,214170,8072968,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Aurora,"Best Amazing 2d graphic in 20 century games era,classic and vintage main line story,Perfect BGM,So don't miss it,and enjoy it although only has a little players who played it."
,Recommended,214170,768875,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Poddy,"A gem!!! Bought now after 9 years again, because it has widescreen and W-Vista / 7 support.Read comments in the forum, much are lucky that they've bought it now!"
,Recommended,214170,7887550,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lex Averial,A great diablo-style single-player RPG. There's a lot of room to explore and plenty of side quests to keep you occupied. The story is pretty cliche but it doesn't take itself too seriously. It's a lot of fun if you're into older RPGs and can forgive the interface.
,Recommended,214170,23775899,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Breezy Casanova,Great Game!
76561198010067543,Recommended,214170,19757305,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Dreo,"If you enjoyed Diablo II but always wished you could play as a sad peasant who gets cut in half a lot, this game is for you."
76561198010726701,Recommended,214170,30924472,Posted: 3 April,all,General C,Still in 2017 a wonderful game.
76561198046734749,Recommended,214170,13793652,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,romanius16,"Divine divinity is the first and i think the best product of Larian studios-the game is almost perfect-quest,monsters,combat is very good,solid graphics(in 2003 very good) and with tremendous playing potencial is this diablo like RPG uch more than blood bath it is one of the best classic RPG games.Rating: 97%"
,Not Recommended,214170,22448207,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Keeper of the Lag,"This game was probably excellent when it was released back in 2002 (a mix of Diablo2 and Arcanum), but it aged badly, it is a waste of time now because:* it does not work well with new OS/hardware (you need to use compatibility, software rendering, and it will stutter anyway)* combat is annoying (randomness everywhere, random chance to hit/be hit, random damage, random armor absorb, random loot),* most skills are useless (for example if you start as a mage it is natural to put skill points into spells, but guess what, you wasted them because you can buy/loot spell tomes, so you start grinding; but guess what, also grinding was mostly pointless because as soon as you learn Divine skills you will use only them 99% of time)* almost no combo (the few one are OP, like DeadlyGiftScorpion+CommandAura or Curse+DivineDeath),* the progression is unbalanced (most enemies are trivial, but many will simply one shot you even with max defense),* the story is meek,* the controls are laggy and inaccurate (often they get stuck),* AI is very poor and easily abused,* it is playable but with many bugs (since they are unresolved after 14 years, they probably never will),* the graphic is confusing,* the scrollbars troublesome.Like Diablo it promote grinding instead of roleplaying (with savescumming added), you will need gear to do damage and levels just to hit (or you will kite forever), there is very little room for skill, unless you can call skill using OP perks, savescumming every time you are one shot, hide in plain sight with the Survivor skill, and metagaming.The replaybility is both good and bad; good because you can try another approach (melee, ranged, sneak, nuke, summons), bad because it is havily unbalanced and after the first playthrought you will metagame wildly, abuse the poor ai, go straight to static treasures and the few good skills. The game also fail to explain its mechanics (Diablo at least had the good Arreat Summit site).If you already played Diablo and/or Arcanum this game will add almost nothing, you can skip it.If you never played any of them, Arcanum is IMHO the best, storywise and gameplay-wise.I can imagine the only way to put this game to good use is having an old pc that match the requirements and younglings that never played such games.Are there better alternatives in 2016?If you want a vintage rpg go for Arcanum.If you want a dungeon crawler with lots of grinding and theorycraft go for Path of exile.If you want multiplayer action with a lot of skill/knowledge involved go for Dota2.If you want single player action with a lot of skill/grind involved go for the Dark Souls.If you want a fantasy sandbox go for Skyrim and his million mods."
76561198037717668,Recommended,214170,4473542,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Robin,"Originally released on Sept. 22, 2002, Divine Divinity was released with little to no fanfare, media, or reviewers.  In fact, I didn't hear about it until that Christmas, when I received it as a present.Combining elements from a Hardcore Diablo 2 playstyle, and adding a Personal Honor with every single NPC seperately (which most you can trade items with) and Faction Honor and Reputation as well, Divine Divinity is a RPG that I have still, to this day, never beaten.There are a lot of side-quests, epic loot, a large world with lore and magic, and more.  I have maybe seen a 3rd of the game world and it's environs, and I enjoyed it enough to recommend this game, dispite not completing it."
,Recommended,214170,1408382,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Terminally Nerdy | CBSA82,"One of the best 2d Isometric RPGs that has existed, and highly underrated."
,Recommended,214170,2222992,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Ibitato,"Finally I got sometime for this gametotally worth itway better than diablo I/II , true RPG with action combat"
,Recommended,214170,11492091,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,all i wanted was a pepsi,Outdated and virulent with bugs.Still fun.
76561198025865906,Recommended,214170,3673587,"Posted: 13 January, 2013",all,BZentgraf,"If you were to merge Baulder's Gate with The Elder Scrolls, Divine Divinity would be the end result. An excellent and challenging hidden gem of a RPG. Save often, and don't AFK without pausing the game; your character may get eaten...."
,Recommended,214170,14407041,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,rb303,"Well, i can throw furniture around the place, just looks like 2d skyrim/oblivion so far"
,Recommended,214170,30499009,Posted: 13 March,all,Ŀนқє,"I don't like hack'n'slash games, but man... This one grab me through, simply DIVINE !It makes you laugh, It makes you think, It's makes you not blink.Hell of a good story either and freedom, ah the freedom, you will feel it, hate and love it.*Diablo sucks and it's company worser*"
76561198300796202,Recommended,214170,24378706,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,MrsMouthyRun,"This is an GREAT game. I have almost nothing bad to say about this game. I have been a pc gamer in the past but went to consoles. Now I'm back to pc and I've just gotta say Wow. You just dont see these kinda games on consoles these days, and the price you just cant beat. I've only played about 4 hours and i gotta tell ya the graphics are still good. The only real issue I'm having right now is the trade screen (buying and selling items) I want to find out myself rather than looking on the internet but I guess I have to cause there is no tutorial on it in game. That is the only issue I have NO TUTORIAL. You realy have to figure it out. It might mean nothing to most people who have been playing on pc all his time, I think it does matter to people like me who are just getting in or back into pc gaming. So If dungeon crawling,finding hidden levers and solving quests are your thing then i recommend that you at least check this game out."
,Recommended,214170,24435424,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,DanzQueen,"If you like RPGs and don't mind older games, you'll love this. The voice acting is hilarious to boot. Existential skeletons 10/10 custscene"
76561198119234463,Recommended,214170,33445477,Posted: 10 July,all,Mithril superiorservers.co,"Fun game. Save alot because mobs are drawn to combat so you can be fighting a single mob which develops to you running for your life from 5-7 mobs chasing you. Btw careful at the farm, sometimes mobs will attack villagers (Quest Givers) which they can die from (permantly)."
76561198068851657,Recommended,214170,21736553,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,proof28h,"A surprisingly entertaining adventure for one so old. It gets tedious, however, before it ends. But then, I have never played an adventure game that wouldn't get tedious. By the way - the follow-up (Beyond Divinity) is graphically a total failure compared to this. I couldn't even begin to play it."
,Recommended,214170,21047629,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Uptagon,THE DIVINITY IS divine
,Recommended,214170,21990884,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Malliott,Velly noice
,Recommended,214170,21245599,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,maximus5798,"As much as I would love to play this game, it lags as if it is Fallout 4 on max settings. This game is great, just do not get it through Steam.EDIT: Fixed to the helpful comment I received. It is great now.""Go to where the game is installed and open the configtool. There you just select software mode instead of 3D something and boom the game runs smooth."""
76561198176909441,Recommended,214170,23029543,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Roxas,"I would put mixed, but that's not an option. The game is great with its large variety of weapons and areas, but is also broken. There are some quests if not done right, will break and cause the whole game not to work. It is however decent and worth a try."
76561198295410677,Recommended,214170,22245440,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Karl Marx,"Awesome game, I really enjoyed it. Fully voice acted, excellent story. If you liked Diablo II Then you would love this. If you're okay with a little older of a game, but still an awesome story and a hell of a lot of fun, then buy this game."
,Recommended,214170,22245972,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,sabbathi,team echo has approacheddeus vult
76561198256961361,Recommended,214170,23007190,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Hippias Minor,"The goofy advert posted here--which treats Divine Divinity as a kind of drug that some former gamers are trying to recover from--isn't far wrong.  Honestly, I don't think of this game as particularly high quality, but it's awfully addictive.  Think Diablo-style action, but with more inventive questing, and with a modest dose of silly humor.  This isn't Larian's opus (that's Original Sin), but it's fun."
76561198081371819,Recommended,214170,23373057,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Lycurgess,"Played this game a ton back in the day, awesome point and click top down RPG.A Classic"
,Recommended,214170,24165395,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,prince_pertnear,"If you like RPG's then the Divine series is for you.  to me there is great story telling with some decent action.  I started my love with the Divinity 2 Game and it grew from there, thanks to finding alot of the othere games here on steam.  im gonna try to collect them all but for now i have Divine Dvinity here and Divinity 2 on disc."
76561198272667191,Recommended,214170,22360773,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,MidweekRock,"I really enjoy this game, although I didn't find it until after I played a little of Divinity 2 on the Xbox. Since this game was bulit for older systems, getting the game to behave seems kind of hard, but there are forums and whatnots to guide you to get it to work. Larian Studios still has their forum up and running for all 4 games. Highly suggest you create an account if you plan on buying this game.You also must have the abiliity and patience for a long-winded game. I'm 48 hours in...and not even half-way through.Minus, all the things above, this game is very enjoyable. Some of the situations you get in are funny and the way you solve them are even funnier. You make decisions based on your own judgment (in most cases), some really hard guys to beat up, awesome skills sets, the weapons and armor are all randomized, many quest breaks (be careful what you do!).I mean, as long as you save often (as in every 7 minutes or so) you're good!"
76561198020525107,Recommended,214170,35008645,Posted: 16 September,all,spamzero920,This is quite simply one of the most fun RPGs I have ever played.  Not saying it is the best or anything- just one of the most fun.
76561198048940388,Recommended,214170,26007301,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,BaleonRosen,"I love this game. The Divinity series is great in allowing true role playing and this was the progenitor of them all. It's world is huge and deep, with extensive lore and interesting characters. Fans of RPGs that look for something close to the table top games will really appreciate this one.Books can be read, boxes moved, ingredients mashed together in your inventory. You can play as a virtuous hero that lives off hard earned food or a thief that nabs everything not nailed down (and even some things that are). Play as a naive young man that helps everyone he meets or a cunning rogue that beguiles her way through every encounter.Every scenario has a myriad of outcomes. Why fought through a horde of enemies when you can just sneak past them and take their treasures? Can't get a guard to leave his post? Throw one of your teleporter pyramids behind him, drop the other outside, use it to get behind him, do what needs to be done, pick up the pyramid and teleport ball outside leaving no one the wiser.The teleporter pyramids are a great addition that add a lot to game play. Throw them over traps or chasms, leave one outside a cave for a quick escape route, use them to quickly move between shops in a town when trying to game the economy (or sell one merchant's hidden stock to another).This game provides so many interesting opportunities to play your way. Even the newer Divinity games don't quite match this one in terms of variety and options.That said, it isn't perfect. It can be an extremely difficult game, often to the point of unfair, mostly because the combat isn't exactly stellar. This is one area that future games definitely improved upon. Don't come to this game for an extensive and complex combat system. You won't get much more than rudimentary fights.Also, occasionally you will get bad outcomes to quests because you have to do very obscure things just to get given the option to work towards a different outcome. For Example:**Minor Spoiler**One quest involves collecting a magical tree branch for someone. You can find one in the very same town quite easily, but there is no indication that this is the wrong branch. If you hand in this branch you have to fight a very strong enemy to finish the quest. The ""proper"" way to end this quest is to go into a forest in the south, far from the quest giver and find the branch there. This isn't told to you at all and can only be found by stumbling upon it.**End Spoiler**Despite the difficulty and clunky combat, the game is awesome. The most fun you will have in this game is just from wandering around, taking in all the dialogue and flavour text. The stories are told excellently, allowing non-linearity and role-playing but never feeling like it's gone off the rails.The sheer variety of options in this game is staggering, and most everything is open to you from the word go. This can be a bit overwhelming at times, but it really makes Rivellon feel like a real world.In short, the game has its shortcomings, but all the other areas more than make up for them. The game hasn't aged super well, and it has a bit of a steep learning curve at the very beginning as you try to learn the controls, but it's still very playable.Highly recommended, especially to fans of the newer Divinity games that want to see where the series came from. While the newer games are mechanically tighter and visually more impressive, you won't get quite the same experience as this anywhere else."
,Recommended,214170,886059,"Posted: 5 July, 2012",all,baja gaijin,"A well written top-down RPG with plenty of sidequests and designed around the ability to let you go ""I want to try THIS"" as much as possible. Basically every damn item can be used in some fashion. Want to go full-retard and walk around with a pot on your head and someone's tolen rake in your arms? Congrats, DD will let you do that.Also this is the ""good"" game in the series that came before Divinity II, so if you liked that this is a very good choice to pick up"
,Not Recommended,214170,35453557,Posted: 3 October,all,Bodhsativa,"This game is too bugged to be playable. It's open world but if you do any exploration or speak to anybody before you're supposed to at all, you'll probably end up breaking quests. It can happen really early on, and certain things are completely innocuous, like opening the wrong door. Never got far enough without breaking quests to give the rest of it an opinion."
,Recommended,214170,28001615,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,falorig,I still keep good memories from this game
,Recommended,214170,11327688,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Big Boss,"Simply put, this is a mixture of Morrowind (or Skyrim for those who don't know) and Diablo II (or 3 if you're daft). Combat plays like a very tactful Diablo with time freezing and certain beasts smashing you to death in 1 or 2 hits, retreat is often a required tactice.I once dragged a Giant Orc through three guard camps until I could get the finishing blow.The game requires you to think outside the box and the quests are very Elder Scrolls-esque with wishing wells, Guild politics, and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s claiming they are ""da-best"". Often you'll get stumped on how to do something but the game has a nice way of rounding itself out by having quests and locations link.I think if you enjoy Morrowind or want a deeper, more story driven Diablo, give this game a go."
76561198218277184,Recommended,214170,31261084,Posted: 20 April,all,alexkomp007,"This game is fenomenal, you should really try it out."
,Recommended,214170,21094848,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,CLazyLeo,"Well, that was pretty awesome, especially in the end, it was very easy for me, the part I felt like a Divine! Thanks!"
76561198081968237,Recommended,214170,14762881,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Tristianity,"This game is hands down, the best RPG I have ever played. When I saw the trailers I thought it looked terrible: abysmal voice acting, dated graphics, reviews had told me it was buggy as hell, and I didn't like the top down aspect of the game. But I still bought it, and I'm so glad I did.The quests are interesting and fun, even the fetch quests feel like an adventure. The fighting style and skills system is ingenius, any class can have any skills and stats, and this means that as well as being able to fully customise your abilities, that you get a choice between generic hack and slash or more tactical spell casting. The game world is large and incredibly immersive, every decision feels like it matters. The plot is fairly generic, but it still feels like an epic journey, and you actually get to feel for the characters, despite the fact that they sound almost entirely uninterested in anything that's happening, (The voice acting really is terrible). This game feels like it should be one of the worst in gaming history, but it truly gives you the feeling that all other RPG's are aiming for."
76561198068631126,Recommended,214170,21639472,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,\(°:°)/ Niemand,best RPG ever
,Recommended,214170,15830365,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Kanto,"Great rpg, hard, fun and surely to be appreciated by old-school players."
76561198019022911,Recommended,214170,12674593,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Lukatony,"This was my most favourite RPG back in times. Prepare for a lot of dialogues and Re-Loads, because you can very easily die in this game. Still the best game for a long winter days."
76561198247824532,Recommended,214170,33064614,Posted: 30 June,all,JTR,Music is so peaceful.
,Recommended,214170,7858744,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Count Drake-ula Dangereulești,"This game is fakking awesum!Seriously,this is like one of the best Hack'n' Slashes there are,it has good,clear mechanics,slighty dated yet charming graphics(If you don't take notice of the somewhat stiff animations sometimes). And it's by far the most humerous HnS i have ever played,sure i like things like Diablo 2,i WANTED to like D3 but couldn't,i love Torchlight 2..But this game hits a snare i didn't even know i had! And what precisely hit that snare is the amazing voice acting(if not a bit cheesy at times..the beginning..Mardaneus's voice is awesome xD) and the great dialogue.This game's strong point is not the combat(in comparison with say TL2 or even D3 now with RoS out,this game's combat is not that great but hey it's from 2002 so what can you say..well..that it's decent in terms of combat xD) but the dialogue and that is what Larian to this day does best,their sense of humor and clever ways of implementing humor and references into their games(To name an instance,just outside of the starting zone,Aleroth you come across small piles of gold,set in an obvious trail just screen wide away from each other,and if you follow that gold trail to the end a bunch of orcs ambush you and say that you fell for the trick......and then i got horribly murdered because i was underleveld..lol)Also i should note that this game has a fenomenal soundtrack which range from somewhat typical RPG music to..well..Dwarven Tavern Music? i don't even know what is itAnyway,this game is f*cking amazing and you should buy it if you are even remotely interested in HnS RPG's or just RPG's in general ^.^"
,Not Recommended,214170,32835500,Posted: 26 June,all,Aedda,"I would love to recommend this, I really would. It has good game play and incredible detail... I had a good time playing the first areas.However at random it will no longer run properly on my system (Windows 7) despite saying it has been updated for Windows 7. After wasting more than 40 hours of suggestions (proof I am far from alone) to get it working I've given up.One suggestion actually is, reboot, wait one hour before playing any game or anything else that might mess with the graphics, then launch DD. Which worked once but not a second time.Problem being rainbow shadows, and complete darkness when indoors. Makes anything underground impossible."
76561198006811318,Recommended,214170,9070546,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Gotrek,"This is a very immersive classic RPG. Like Diablo 1 or 2? This is a thinking mans Diablo...The soundtrack is one of the best I've heard. Same lines of Deus Ex...Yeah. That good. The atmosphere is dark and creepy without it looking corny like other Diablo clones. It's also hard. Difficult for the right reasons to, not because of ego. It's got that mental stmulation you get with a good, smart RPG. Not a clickfest and loot party.Repair system sucks though..."
,Recommended,214170,3291237,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Lemon Grenades,"This game will keep you plaing long after you should have done normal life stuff- including, but not limitied to- sleeping, eating, socializing and showering..."
,Recommended,214170,27208529,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vady,"This was one of my childhood games, even though it's a diablo copy, it's damn good at it."
,Recommended,214170,9321911,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,TheGodFather,Like Diablo 2 but way cooler. Open world way more to do and explore. Better character upgrades.  If you don’t think Diablo 3 is complete garbage you will definitely like this game.
,Recommended,214170,33229921,Posted: 4 July,all,Mbretet,LEGEND
76561198021471400,Recommended,214170,25372146,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,ZESMA,If you like diablo 2 then you will love this game.
,Recommended,214170,29319254,Posted: 17 January,all,Gmunken,"""XXBZPTRL"""
,Recommended,214170,35196920,Posted: 24 September,all,Maj /// Minase // Kyle,Doesn't get much better than this.  Classic RPG at it's best.
,Recommended,214170,35075389,Posted: 19 September,all,moon,This game is my childhood. 10/10.
,Recommended,214170,13592629,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Mareliant,"Nice RPG game with a nice story and gameplay, soem upgrades are absurdly overpowered.But all you need to do is not pick them : D."
,Recommended,214170,13810206,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Disco,"One of my childhood games. It's so much fun it's like diablo back in the day but with more to do and explore, the story is also AMAZING. If your looking for a game like that then get it!"
,Recommended,214170,10565007,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Syndicas,1 of the best of its kind B)
76561198036055023,Recommended,214170,25618242,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,mickjaggerr6,Divine Divinity is one of the best game i have play in my life!
76561198069959842,Recommended,214170,12589343,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,BlueAce417,"Definately an old fasion RPG that brings that ""Oh i wonder what that little box can do"" idea and blows it out of proportion into a surreal hack and slash. Vengence is sweet, though ill timed."
,Recommended,214170,7978857,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Dhaos,"One of the best PC games in existence. If you liked Baldur's Gate, this is 10x better."
76561198004558343,Recommended,214170,21204126,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Exposed_Entrepreneur,Came out 2 years after diablo 2looks like/ plays like it came out in 1995.Just go play diablo 2.
,Recommended,214170,13587559,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Miðgarðr,I am playing the game since 2010 and I can say that it is a fascinant RPG.Great game!10/10
,Recommended,214170,18086690,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Siviod Sensei,Speedrun they said it shouldnt be that hard they said
76561198034989809,Recommended,214170,12646581,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Arthur ASCII,"One of the best games in the store - and only a few quid!Forget the dated graphics, there's LOADS to do and some wicked challenges.My only regret is that I didn't stumble upon this game years ago."
,Recommended,214170,15066124,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Simboker,10/10
,Recommended,214170,1074814,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,Apparently Kid,"Actually a pretty good game. Terrible graphics even for 2002 standards. Can't zoom in/out or rotate the camera. Steam overlay doesn't work which is annoying. As usual for old games, gives you terrible directions about what to do. All completed and unfinished quests are clumped together and some you still have to do will be at the bottom of the  page. The quests don't give you good directions.....some mark where to go but there are many markings on the map and some are for quests, others for landmarks, and it doesn't tell whether the marking is for a quest or not and  for what quest. The story is alright but get into the habit of skipping the long written paragraphs. There is a lot of loot but much of the loot I found was for way later in the game and didn't help me. For this reaosn I did not upgrade much. There are rarities but they don't explain which is which and it is hard to tell, because many times blue items are better than most others even though you see them more often than other colors. There is also little difference in how the equipment looks, maybe because they didn't program for many looks or because your guy is soo tiny. All I know is that I equipped totally different things and my character never changed. There were many quests, but not wanting to mess with the annoying system I had to do a lot of grinding for levels. The play time for teh (intentional Poops) game is very long which is nice. The lack of load times are also appreciated. There are lots of spells and you can mix and match from different classes. Why they even need 3 clases to choose from makes little sense as if you can pick any spells from all three classes, the only difference the starting stats and you can fix that later in the game from leveling. Why anyone would go anything but the warrior makes no sense. 7.5/10. Better than I thought it would be and is good for some diablo-style old killing fun."
76561198059626361,Recommended,214170,13677024,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,yumri,The Story is excellent from year 2002 when it seems game devlopers still had enough time to care to write and program in a good story though the graphics kinda are very dated of that time and do not look good compared to what you will see in a more morden game for example Divine Dvinity: Orginal Sin also the sound gliches some times on windows 8.1 for no appernet reason which i could find as when i reload the game and do the same thing over again it works without any trouble.I am basing the story on the on disc version of this game as i got it on disc  some years ago and since the disk is locked onto a single computer i had to buy it again this time on steam though it does have a few issues with newer computers the main example is it runs 200+ fps when on Software render but only at around 32~34 fps when in DirectX3D render with all other settings being unchanged.It is a good game just run it on max settings for the few graphics settings you get to change and with DirectX3D render and it should all be fine.I have actually put in a few days into the game but as i cannot migrate files due to DRM protection in steam i have to start over again ... this is my main and probably only complaint about it on steam.
76561198025704655,Recommended,214170,7300200,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,fr33b5,"It's kinda like Skyrim, but Baulders Gate style!!!"
76561198072814486,Recommended,214170,10657818,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Atom,Really good game definitly worth the purchase
76561198038367635,Recommended,214170,4514193,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Designated Team Potato,"If you enjoy 2d games, then buy this game because it's not expensive at all. On the other hand if you have alot of other games that you play that are alot better than this one, I wouldn't bother... But if you have a craving for a 2d adventure type game then buy this because I'm sure it will more than fufill that craving."
,Recommended,214170,10705159,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,RedMageOfChromosomes,"This game is a beautiful oldie, that wows me with it's deep rich world, interactive environments, and limitless amounts of people with problems only you can fix. It shows how well thought out it is compared to other RPG games out there, for example in the starter town, you come across a lizardfolk healer, skittering about his shop, worried. you are quickly prompted with about 5 different options to first approach him, each with a unique branching dialouge. In his backyard he has a sentient fountain that is upset it can only heal one of the 2 sick soldiers in town. After exploring an anbondoned house at the edge of town, I found a magic mirror, and a manual hidden under a box beside it. I placed the mirror in a small pond, and tossed the fountain's healing gem inside the pool. The Gem was cloned, and the mirror gone, I used the items to save the soldiers instead of to ensure my own survival as a solo squishy mage. During this whole experience thus far, never once was I corralled into ""the right choice"" or the ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ evil choice"" that games these days leave you to experience. I wasn't given a maker on where an item I needed was, my choices didn't have clear consequences, and I didn't automatically absorb knowledge from a book simply by tossing it into my bag.9/10"
,Recommended,214170,10660682,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,G O B L I N S,"Dying the entire time because I can't into character building. Terrible voice acting, point and click combat. Limited as ♥♥♥♥ magic, graphics are horrible. Slaughter rabbits for meat and exp farming.Skeletons, everywhere.♥♥♥♥♥♥bro the game is littered with animated skellingbros.best game ever made, 10/10 would buy 10 copies of."
76561198128137711,Recommended,214170,9630008,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,PC Nerd,One of the best overhead rpgs of all time   9/10
76561198141090977,Recommended,214170,29976067,Posted: 16 February,all,douglas.sturges,Fantasic game.
76561198139545062,Recommended,214170,18867466,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,kickazzkevin,This game kicks♥♥♥♥♥and i really am lovin it. 9/10 ♥♥♥♥in amazing try it ;)
,Recommended,214170,17017573,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Lemistio,If you like isometric RPG's this is a must play. Golden classic with great sense of humor.10/10
,Recommended,214170,20543566,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Piotr the Slayer,"When Divine Divinity starts. like most isometric CRPGs of it's time, it seems like a simple copy of Diablo, but believe me, it's much more than that. With a great storyline, a fantastic sense of humour only rivaled by the original Fallout games, a combat system that's incredbly complex and full of pathways and complex solutions. I call it one of the CRPGs marvels of the early 2000s. 10/10"
76561197994601982,Recommended,214170,14046259,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,tyrell,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,214170,4610114,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,Dale the Whale,"Fantastic game from Larian, perfect start to their series.The storyline is well written and the gameplay is solid, lots to explore & lots of things to keep you going.Difficulty picks up well as you progress and players are pubished trying to rush throught the game a low level with no items!Highly recommended for a RPG player."
,Recommended,214170,19661760,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Fangadora,"This was the first game I ever played as a kid. This got me into gaming, and I chose to buy on steam because I saw it with the other sequals. I still have my hard copy. Only a few problems rise from this version. If you were to play the disk the games loading screens (however rarer than a blue moon on valentines day on mars) the loading screens are longer than that of my hard copy which is rather a distraction. Then the zoom of how far the character is out is also different from the version I had played on the disk aswell. Other than those issues this is pure nostalgia to me. I hope the newest divine divinity game on market is just as good as the original. I fear it might not be...you have stayed awhile and listened so get the game if you want. A little outdated compared to some games, but hey you can't have everything."
76561198049949381,Recommended,214170,14931753,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,lancelot2001ca,"A really good game for a first of a series. The only downside I have seen is the lack of quick slots for spells and items. It sucks. Mages are useless in this game unless you pauve every two seconds to choose the right spell to launch next. And since you are a one man army, you kind of suck as a mage, you don't have anyone to protect you... unless you use some necromancy...That's one of the major good things about this game, you can play good, bad or anything in between. :)"
76561198018679417,Recommended,214170,14941669,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,hogie9,"Diablo 2 clone with better environments and more quests.  Not a bad hack and slash, but has its faults.  Lack of autosave frustrating, and quest items are not indicated as such; if you accidently drop an item needed for a main story quest you better remember where- having to load an early save or start over isn't fun."
76561198030879379,Recommended,214170,7790414,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pars,"detaylı ve güzel bir RPG , bir klasik !!!"
,Recommended,214170,5722137,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,LeafNinjaPanda,"The first in the divinty series a great game with good rpg,looting and dungeoncrawling action."
,Recommended,214170,4667182,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,🅹🅰🅸❷🆈🅴🆄🆇,Divine.Divinity.Divine Divinity.So many memories...
,Recommended,214170,8806394,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Shadow the Edgehog,"I highly recommend every divinity game. Must play for all rpg fans.P.S. So much better than Diablo. It is even better than Titan Quest. Plot, fun moments, gameplay 10\10."
76561198137193122,Recommended,214170,19020726,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Miniminer,a Classic Hack`n Slay RPG
76561197980569989,Recommended,214170,9197248,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Cutter,Oldie but a goodie.
,Recommended,214170,17400854,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,40s & Blunts,"Divine Divinity is Diablo II made into an actual RPG, but with significantly less polish, more broken skills and writing done by people whose native language obviously is not English. But it's so much better than it sounds.The world is huge and full of quests and weirdos and choices and consequences. There are multiple ways to solve nearly every quest, most of the dialogues have good snarky options and the whole game drips with enthusiasm. It may be flawed, it may be ugly in places, it may be silly beyond all get out, but it was obviously made by people who wanted to make it. Larian are probably my favorite developer; I don't know that anyone else is as passionate about the games they make as those guys.Their games aren't the best. They're often uneven. Sometimes they're even complete messes. Divine Divinity is no different. But it's got a lot of character. It's got a lot of soul, and it set the stage for all the fun stuff Larian's made since.There are games with better combat, with more coherent worlds, with more fleshed-out characters, with more memorable plots, but few games exude the joy and excitement that Larian games do. I recommend all of them....Except Beyond Divinity. That one ain't very good."
,Recommended,214170,2945552,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,DangerDave,"This is the most unexpected awesome game I've played since Terraria. This is a 10/10 super fun, easy to pick up, good style 2D graphics, top down satisfaction. The game doesn't take itself too seriously, it has a good sense of humor and is just good old fashioned fun. It starts out pretty hard, but by the middle of the game you'll be destroying everyone in one or two hits, besides the bosses, they are pretty tough no matter what. Anyways, 10/10."
,Recommended,214170,12584151,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,SA-Xaphone,Needs more skeletons
,Recommended,214170,12465444,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,laila,"I played this wonderful game 10 years ago, then 2 more times almost finishing it (I hope I will finish it this time - always had to reinstall and I lost the game becouse I forgot to backup the saves :D Now i cant play from old saves in steam version of DD, so I still need to install from CD :P)Its shame the game dont like alt+tab (in W7 anyway) and be careful, do a lot of saves in case in game goes something wrong and you dont have the means to refert it = going back in time to the point there wasnt any glitch/bug activated. once I ended up in 4th dimension in 75% of toryline  and didnt have any old save.I recoment it for good storyline, surprising userfriendliness, good jokes inside the game and the fun you will have during playing.Enjoy your game :)"
76561198083127202,Recommended,214170,12575138,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Annustarnova,A graet Diablo sytle game with a cool skill trees.
76561197998218047,Recommended,214170,10326632,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,✘†Mi†chO†✘,If you like classics like baldurs gate etc this is a good one for the price :)
76561197989372872,Recommended,214170,8564173,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,OJ191,So good...Life...Slipping...Away...
76561198039548285,Recommended,214170,15073492,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Allie,"Good ARPG. Takes getting some used to if you didn't grow up playing the classics. Fantastic music, some funny elven voice acting, and a skeleton worrying about existential crisis."
76561197970504586,Recommended,214170,8330554,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Lord Kreigan,Excellent RPG. Going to beat it this spring :)
,Recommended,214170,1066845,"Posted: 7 July, 2012",all,Nekot,"One of the best RPG's that you'll ever play. I highly reccomend this game to anyone that is a fan of Role Playing Games. It's an action RPG that has a great atmosphere and soul. The skill tree is practically amazing, and the replay value is very high. The story is executed very well and intrigues the player to delve deeper until the climax. The side quests are also extremely satisfying. I played this game at least 3 times from start to finish, with a multitude of other options for role playing interest. But overall, a fun fun game that is worth every penny. And, the 2D rendered environments are beautiful."
,Recommended,214170,29724289,Posted: 5 February,all,Akasi,Worth the download!
,Recommended,214170,3893352,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Elenoe,"Classic old RPG. Remastered for Windows 7 and high resolutions. It's Baldur's gate style with a lot of side quests, each with outcome of choice. Exploring, searching and NOT following one obvious easy path of games of today. Preparing for the  new Larian's same-style co-op RPG - Divinity: Original Sin."
76561197992218879,Recommended,214170,19315924,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Definition,"lmao, that first movie!GG, though"
,Not Recommended,214170,33151220,Posted: 2 July,all,Gout Claw,"I got this game about a week prior to this review and have spent a few hours each day after work to play it.  While it seems pretty solid at first it quickly becomes a serious test of patience.  after about 2 hours of gameplay, the cons list just quickly grew including problems such as: a bugged save system, bugged quests that prevent the completion of other unrelated quests, stuttering issues, sound erupting into bursts of static every so often, and exceptionally slow progression.  Other issues I had were with character development.  you get to choose from 3 classes: warrior, mage, rogue; but you're really shooting yerself in foot if you don't pick warrior from the beginning as anything else will have a REAL hard time surviving.  Granted, there is no limitation on skills you pick, i.e. just cus you roll warrior doesn't mean you don't have access to mage skills.  but if yer like me and wanted to roll pure-mage, well good luck and have fun teleporting to the one bed you can rest in every 2 minutes just to regen mana.  all this aside i figured i'd try and muscle thru but after reading that just one playthru can take upwards of 70 hours to complete, i can definitely say i don't have the patience for this. there are positives tho, while combat can be meticulous and infuriating at times (try not to mistakenly attack a cat or  else every cat in the known universe will come after you) the spells and skills can be a lot of fun (hell spikes and freeze were some personal favorites).  If you are a die hard ARPG fan or fan of the series (and it is a great series) and can muster the patience to play this game, go for it, I imagine it would be very rewarding as the story seems pretty dope with a good blend of humor.  keep in mind however, if you're playing this because you think you need it for some background to Divinity 2 or Original Sin well don't even sweat because you don't. both titles i just mentioned provide more than enough in-game lore to keep you up to snuff with what's going on.In summary, I wish i could get into this game and recommend it but there are just too many bugs and design issues that keep me from getting immersed.  I know it's going for like $2.00 during summer sale, so if you absolutely need to try it, pick it up while it's on sale.EDIT: Divine Divinity is $0.59 during summer sale, so go ahead and pick it up if you want to put the time into it, just don't get too attached."
76561197982626784,Not Recommended,214170,23674007,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Basilicus,"I've played a bit more than what the Steam record says, and I do think this game has terrific atmosphere and heart. The world-building is superb. I only wish they'd figured out the game balance better. The grind wall is immediate, to the point where you have to start exploiting the game systems outside of what I'd consider normal or immersive gameplay. Past that, you're then over-leveled for everything except for certain creatures that will one-shot you unless you're essentially at end-game levels. I get (and like) having areas that are off-limits until you're a higher-level, but it's all so randomly mixed here and the starting quests already require you to grind - but where, since these are the starting areas? Compound this with skill and magic sets that range from exquisitely useful to worthless, and the balance is just massively off. I don't want to have to look at a guide to see what's useless or doesn't work in a game. For as much artistry as exists in the rest of the game, the gameplay itself is frustrating. It's a shame given the care that goes into the rest of the world.The Diablo franchise never quite builds the world that Divine Divinity does, nor is it ever quite so open, but the gameplay is so much better balanced, so much more fun. Balance counts for a lot.Some will still enjoy the grind elements as a price you have to pay to enter the world. They will enjoy it a lot more than I did. For me, the gameplay is an element to the story and if your gameplay is so ill-balanced, it can begin to amount to bad storytelling. That's what happens here. I can see why many consider it a classic, and I think it is. It acts like a classic, it feels like a classic, it oozes with mood. It just doesn't play like a classic, at least for me. If you don't like grind walls and OCD leveling, avoid this. If you don't mind them or that can be fun for you instead of infuriating, the story and world are richly rewarding."
,Recommended,214170,22650192,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,777slotter,░░░░░░░█▐▓▓░████▄▄▄█▀▄▓▓▓▌█░░░░░▄█▌▀▄▓▓▄▄▄▄▀▀▀▄▓▓▓▓▓▌█░░░▄█▀▀▄▓█▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▀░▓▌█░░█▀▄▓▓▓███▓▓▓███▓▓▓▄░░▄▓▐█▌░█▌▓▓▓▀▀▓▓▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▀▓▓▐█▐█▐██gooD▓▓▓▓▓▀▄░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▌█▌█▌███▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓game▓▓███▓▓▓▄▀▐██▐█▓▀░░▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▐█▌▓▄▌▀░▀░▐▀█▄▓▓██████████▓▓▓▌█▌▌▓▓▓▄▄▀▀▓▓▓▀▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓▓▌█▌█▐▓▓▓▓▓▓▄▄▄▓▓▓▓▓▓█▓█▓█▓█▓▓▓▐█
76561198194541901,Recommended,214170,24027586,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,9Bacelbalo6,"I'm not exagerating, I've played almost an hour and have no ♥♥♥♥ing clue what the hell I'm doing.I haven't even left the first village yet. I keep going into stores and emtpy houses and taking everything in them, reading random books and petting a cat. I finally found the gate leading out of the town, 30 minutes in and some knight killed some orcs and told me to get my♥♥♥♥♥back inside. Then he told me to go find some healers, and now I'm running around into random houses trying to figure out who the hell he's talking about.At one point I stumbled into a store where I encountered a dwarf arguing with an elf ( at least, I think they were a dwarf and elf, it's kinda hard to tell. One was short and fat, so I assume he's the dwarf ) about some herbs, and the dwarf was getting shakey.I also came across some dragon statues, so, naturally, I clicked 'em a few times and they spun around. They didn't seem to really do anything other than spin.10/10 would♥♥♥♥♥♥around in the starting town for almost an hour again."
76561198078708601,Recommended,214170,34150661,Posted: 10 August,all,DDoS Black,I am strong as a man should be
76561198071084846,Recommended,214170,25767653,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,pastoutla,Love it
,Recommended,214170,14477593,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ⓣ☯Ⓜ,Completed the game(exploring absolutely everywhere) several years back(non-Steam) and it took quite a while. It was simply amazing. If you can handle the dated graphics(which are still great in their own way) this is a MUST buy for anyone who likes Diablo-style games with a bit more depth. Actually anyone who is even a slight RPG fan - buy this! It excels in every way.
,Recommended,214170,13909933,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Indigo,hepl me im adiceted i cnat spots playing!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!in di gsm u pley as strng man as a mna shud b bcuz not wman??? idot it smiple mateh man+mussl=strngook so now dat u get itdis gam is rely hard on hrde difcult if u do dat if u ply on normel ur a btch !@ n it stil herd so hahahsdhqhahqhah losrdis gam lik ifok hol d on 4 secnddis gam if stlaker mixds wit diaboblo mixsd wiht ultema n den mak i trely harde das dat is ti
,Recommended,214170,10273871,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,This game kicks so much♥♥♥♥♥ you'll probably go blind. This is the way RPGS are supposed to be. ♥♥♥♥ your elder scrolls ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. ♥♥♥♥ your final fantasies and your fables. Divine Divinity is named correctly.
,Recommended,214170,32161501,Posted: 3 June,all,Zodiark Son,9/10
,Recommended,214170,23372074,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,trangalho,.
,Not Recommended,214170,19171079,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Enlocke,This version is garbage you can't even play properly. Never buy an old game on Steam or you'll lose your money. Go for GOG instead.
,Not Recommended,214170,23224743,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Sweff,Click SAVE....can't save....can't tab out cause the game crashes if I do so. Figure I'll play until maybe there's some sort of option to save...game crashes for no reason...NOT playing through what i've done twice already...*delete*
76561198217517765,Recommended,214170,34465827,Posted: 24 August,all,MrStandford,you have to play it
76561198154069849,Recommended,214170,34046136,Posted: 5 August,all,Chomiczek Fetor,"May lack modern solutions, but I belive its most timeless of all classics. A true gem. Hit it hard."
76561198048363293,Not Recommended,214170,24543916,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,TheFlame8,"5/10This game seems to have a lot of potential, but basically consists of a few dungeons and repetitive enemies.  If you do any quest out of order things get buggy really fast as well.  I got the game for about $1 if I remember correctly, so it was worth that, but beyond that I wouldn't recommend it."
,Not Recommended,214170,23882582,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Farshad,"I really want to play this game and I've had it for over a year hoping for a patch, but whatever resolution I try, I can't see the bottom half of the screen (conversations, my items, etc)."
,Not Recommended,214170,24522285,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,cliffemu,I installed this game on a new (2016) win10 gaming laptop and the graphics were glitchy and the frame rate stuttered.  I tried to troubleshoot for a while and was unable to solve it.  Steam wouldn't refund me.  Don't buy this unless you have an older PC.
76561198001234825,Not Recommended,214170,20488006,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Jyrka,"It is unplayable on windows 10 or it dosent run good on newer hardware, it runs but this game is way too long to play it like this. / Shame"
,Not Recommended,214170,21734763,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Fatty,Too old and clunky to bother playing anymore. Don't bother buying it.
76561197995612462,Not Recommended,214170,23032152,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,fkrav,gme does not run   i am using windows 10
76561198021763379,Not Recommended,214170,20118291,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,SETO,EL diablo le rompio el upite a todos...nada que hacer
76561197972483399,Not Recommended,214170,14957854,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,Hamburger!,"Put simply, the game is broken. Constant crashes, even after patching it with stuff recommended in steam forums. Could have been an interesting, if retro experience, but seriously -- before you sell the game make sure it works. Pure garbage."
,Not Recommended,214170,28633602,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,lDefiant lPanda,"I was very excited to play this game but I start a normal new game and experience a crash already, sometimes after that it went into the game, but from there the colors were messed up.I have spent a good hour or two searching for fixes, but from my perspective (I have experience in OpenGL and that stuff) in order to release a game on a new age platform like Steam the game should be mostly compatiable with newer systems (Directx 3D halves your framerate when selected and just shows that this game although updated and ""fixed"" is not ready to be a full version release).Wish it worked , but to not be able to even enter the game world makes it a waste of money."
76561198043028011,Not Recommended,214170,26765770,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,AJSA-Nicotb,spooped
,Recommended,214170,7743291,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Daniel Goldberg,10/10 It's okay.
,Not Recommended,214170,22188740,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,"Laughed and enjoyed the trailer for the game. Bought the game, it’s not exactly like the trailer."
,Recommended,214170,32952207,Posted: 28 June,all,Daddy Cool,A 2015/16 style review. Here it goes!I can't even....
76561198073072132,Not Recommended,214170,15638934,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Apocalypse Penguin,Upset about Thelyron bug. Just waisted 2 hrs of play. This game has been out for years. Common bug like this should have been fixed. just put out an update. It's annoying and makes me feel cheeted.
,Not Recommended,214170,23604565,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,squish,"Хорошая игра, и графика и шутки и вообще отмасфера, как и сюжет мне нравятся :)Сама прошла половину игры, багануло главное задание и дальше не смогла пройти.Могла бы перепройти игру, но бесконечные пещеры со стремными ввводящими в стресс и уныние и ужас ЗВУКАМИ И КРИКАМИ пытаемых людей, кидают в ужас. БЕСКОНЕЧНЫЕ тунелли канализации и подвалы похожие друг на друга, второй раз это нереально пройти со здоровой психикой. Спасибо. Нет. :)"
76561198016603957,Not Recommended,214170,16784777,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Fibulator,"The interface is just too bad to even consider continuing this.  It's probably the most clunky interface I've ever seen.  The writing is TEENY tiny, and a lot is in a hard to read font.  First monster I come to one shots me, before I could even ""Click Ready combat""  [Yes... if something sneaks up on you... you can't just attack it... you have to enter combat mode, THEN click to attack]  This is a game I'd expect from the early to mid 90's."
,Not Recommended,214170,13723314,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Reptilian,"First off I have to mention that this game is incredibly buggy or at least the Steam version is, since it's apparently lacking a major patch. There are a ton of quests that don't work at all or are partially broken. Some people even said that they can't finish the game because of some major bugs. Also, avoid exploring an area before you have a quest that requires you to go there, MANY quests can be broken by doing stuff before you're asked to.I've played this game many years before but I returned to it now after about 10 years.Combat: You click on enemies once and you also have to spam potions. Spamming potions is mandatory since the developers found it very fun and innovative to not give you health OR mana regen. This doesn't add anything to the game, it only makes it tedious. You only have to spend a few hundred gold coins on mana potions and then you can spam spam spam. Basically, thanks to the game trying to be ""tactical"" and♥♥♥♥♥♥by forcing you to use potions, you have infinite health and mana.As you can imagine the mage class is probably very fun to play.Actually it ain't. There are 2-3 spells that are worth your time and they look like crap. Also, you're going to have to rely on melee/ranged a lot since you don't want to waste mana on the easy mobs.The starting spell of the mage called ""meteor strike"" is a yellow football followed by an ugly looking smoke effect. That's what you're gonna have to use for the first 20-30 levels because most of the other spells are pathetic. The spells aren't satisfying to use AT ALL, it's depressing. The effects are boring to look at, they lack power, and the sound effects don't make you feel like you're actually a powerful mage. You can also cheese the game with Freeze and frost weapons.The quests are actually the best part of the game, they're rarely fetch quests or ""kill 10 sewer rats"" quests but even after you've done them all you feel like you had little impact on the world besides getting special responses from unnamed NPCs based on your reputation level. The reputation system, however, is broken, some quests give you +0 rep and some substract reputation when they shouldn't (you saved that ♥♥♥♥♥ from the zombie? -4 rep for you). Again, more and more bugs.The music is great as well, it makes the game atmospheric, too bad the game itself is lacking in substance.The storyline is simple and boring, you have to kill a cult that wants to destroy the world. The dialogue is so bad it's as if it was written by a 12 year old, they try too hard to make it sound funny and most of the time it's not. The animations are bugged when you play it on a modern system, most animations are running at very high speed and look odd.Only play this game if you just want to waste time playing an isometric RPG just for the sake of doing it. It's literally a big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ it even has the bugs. It's not even a good Diablo clone, there are better clones out there, like the Sacred series, Titan Quest, Torchlight, Path of Exile, etc. Some people compared this game to the Ultima series so try out those games instead of  torturing yourself with this crap."
76561197990821335,Not Recommended,214170,16435780,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Voloss,"The game balance is very bad, its basically a rush to get a weapon that freezes your enemies and once you have that you just win. Story is bland and very predictable."
,Not Recommended,214170,11705050,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Gillette,"DDis the first game in the Divinity series, lately noted because of the fifth part,Divinity: Original Sin. Someone saidDDis a mix ofDiablocombat andBaldur's Gatequesting, which is not a bad description. The quests are mostly ""fetch me an item"", though, and forgettable. As for the ""depth and story"", I'd like to know what drugs people played this on, since I could probably get 50 hours of gameplay from a match box with that stuff. The actual story is a bit bad, the dialogue is seriously bad, and some of the voice acting is so bad you'll think it's a joke.Overall it's a decent example of a late 90's type of action-heavy RPG, but the combat kind of turns into an endless grind and the story/writing is clumsy, so it's difficult to really recommend. If you like to kill a lot of things by clicking and like random cheap fantasy settings in general, it might suit you."
76561198030932081,Not Recommended,214170,14629712,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,davefollin,"Game is completely unplayable. After an hour or two the maps to every dungeon, cave, cellar simply stops displaying. All that happens is my character is shown entering the door from the main map and then nothing else. There is absolutely no support for this game and there are no listings for bug fixes anymore. A complete waste of time and money. I would strongly suggest never playing this game or any others like it."
76561197966557804,Not Recommended,214170,13325152,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,The Rabid Otter,"Meh. It's like a clone of Diablo II. While it might have an interesting plot, I wouldn't know because between screen resolution issues, the lack of WASD manueverability and it seizing up, I couldn't be enticed to play futher.Had I found this game ten years ago, maybe I'd given it another chance. But for late 2014, it's just an old, derivative game."
,Not Recommended,214170,13678452,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,PsyЯen,Didn't age very well
76561198027948597,Not Recommended,214170,11223004,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Valflond,"From a promising start to a tiresome grind, oozing with bugs that were never fixed and hurting eyes with too small fonts. You are better off going through Baldur's Gate once again rather then going through here."
76561198055463150,Not Recommended,214170,10582449,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Knight Life,Feels clunky and rather unfinished at many points.
76561198148202188,Not Recommended,214170,15647958,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Husky lover,It wont let me play so i automatically hate it now >:(
76561198000173459,Not Recommended,214170,9437393,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Tetsuro P12,"It could have been one of the best old school RPG, a perfect blend of Ultima and Diablo, but there are three things that ruin completely the game.First: it could happen to get stuck in the middle of the game because you cannot accomplish a mission, and it's caused by a bug (the famous 'red imps bug')! You can only restart the game and hope that you will not encounter that bug in the future.Second: the last part of the game is really boring and flat, like the 'Hell' part of the first Diablo.Third: you will face an enemy that is VERY stressing to fight (Josephine). Why want you to stress yourself that much for a game? And if you don't have the right quantities of potions, and the right skills, you will be just STUCK; not a nice way to present an RPG.Bugged and sometimes badly designed. It's a pity because everything else is good, good old 2D graphics, nice music (except the monotone 'Hell' background music), nice story(ies), varied locations and characters. A pity."
,Not Recommended,214170,14391726,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,got dat dank donuts,"foreword, this is from the viewpoint of someone who wasn't around when these types of RPGs were popular.TL;DR:If you're a fan of old school RPGs or diablo type games, or part of the older generation, you might get a kick out of this.if not, then I wouldn't reccomend it as much.the game was on sale and I decided to give it a try after hearing glowing reviews about it.Never have I been so lost in a game before.5 min in, I wake up in a cellar and find out I was unconscious, typical stuff.the guy who helped me reccomend see the elder because he was going insane and I wanted to help.the man gives me directions, and that was it.no waypoint, which is somewhat understandable, but considering that everything looked almost the same, I had a hard time telling if I was on a road or not.later when I found the elder, he freezes some man and I had to help him.he tells me I have to sneak into the Elder's house through his cellar using the well.I went literally the whole town looking for the well, only to find out it was next to his house.it was hard to tell from everything else since it looked more like an abandoned shack than a well.I made it to the elder, talked to him, skipped through most of the dialogue because It was boring me and taking too long to say what I needed to hear, and at that point, I just couldn't stand the game anymore.I'm 20 years old and was born in 1995, so at the time RPGs were more like this, I weren't really able to enjoy them, and I certainly don't enjoy them as of now.either way, for someone like me, it felt like a waste of money, even when it was on sale."
,Not Recommended,214170,11646239,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Crunchy Toe,"Seems like a sweet game... however there is one monumental, colossal, megalithic, extremely annoying thing that occurs when I run the game at 1080p. Between the transition from the main menu to the higher, desired resolution, it changes, but in doing so it changes the window sizes and placement of all windows on my desktop for every program I currently have open.There is no window mode. You can try find some recent software to run the game in window mode and it may well save the problem, but sadly I have had no luck. I don't like resizing all of my windows everytime I play the game for half hour, etc, so I don't bother with it.Perhaps one day, the devs will kindly patch in a window mode for this old title, so people don't have to ♥♥♥♥ about just to get it to stop ruining the desktop and window sizes."
,Not Recommended,214170,11573005,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Barkie_Mailman,I downloaded this on my surface pro and it ran like garbage! I was surprised as the surface pro runs everything else so flawlessly... I downloaded this on my gaming laptop instead (i7 4700 & nvidia 770m) and it STILL runs like garbage. Apparently the game just actually chugs along so hard walking from point A to point B.Uninstalled as I just couldn't play it.
,Not Recommended,214170,13680635,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Vaendryl.NL,frustrating UI makes it hard to like this game if you're used to modern games. there's a lot to love if you can push through though
,Not Recommended,214170,14210392,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,would be good if there are not alot of crashes and annoying sound or anythimg..3/10
,Not Recommended,214170,33728436,Posted: 22 July,all,Tartaren,"I tried. It's harder to play then rpg of the  90th  and it's not about game difficulty. It's about stupid♥♥♥♥♥game design, awkward travel system, about boring story with elf, gendalf and chosen one. 81? Not in 2017."
,Not Recommended,214170,12944472,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Philtastic,"Terrible performance for such an old game. Constantly stutters, long load times. Unplayable in my opinion.Specs:Core i5 4690KRadeon R9 280XSanDisk Extreme Pro 960 GB8 GB RAMWindows 8.1"
,Not Recommended,214170,35193064,Posted: 24 September,all,Hikari.ws,"Completely bugged game. It crashes if I set it to run on windowed mode, and if I let it go fullscreen @ 4K.I will NOT play this game letting it mess with my main monitor resolution and moving all windows out of place."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,214170,12268332,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,An overhead view RPG style game much like Diablo.Not much explanation of where to go and lots of time for exploring is needed.I don't have the patience for it so I didn't enjoy it.2/10
76561198111089091,Not Recommended,214170,9036022,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,jonmonkeyboy,"I understand that this game is old, but the lack of hot keys for potions combined with the fact that it glitches out hardcore every time i try to switch windows completey detracts from it's playability for me.  If it weren't for that, I would love it. It has a lovely Diablo 2 feel to it."
76561198136633268,Not Recommended,214170,33309133,Posted: 6 July,all,almyles,Constantly crashes on 3 different computers. Steam offers no support and refuses your refund DO NOT BUY total scam.
76561197970701643,Not Recommended,214170,26672878,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,"Divinity: Original Sin is a fantasic game, this isn't sadly.Most of your skills are useless and even when you get them (e.g. herberlism at level 3) you can't actually pick up herbs, and have to wait to level 9. Isn't this fun?The combat in very, very clunky compared to Diablo and other clones, half the times i'm missing what i'm suppose to click.The durability is set, so that litterally in 2 minutes your weapons will break.You will loose health and need to visit venders as well, to get health, and repears (at the start of the game) you will need to do 5% of the dungeon, run all the way back, do 5% more, run all the way back, repeat repeat, repeat.You can use a teleport stone, but that will drop you with 10+ monsters that will kill you almost instantly.Great!In short - a game with good intetions but very, very flawed."
,Not Recommended,214170,29593297,Posted: 30 January,all,heroina,-
76561198088261493,Not Recommended,214170,32200116,Posted: 5 June,all,THOR!,This game is terrible.  Feels like if Diablo and Baldur's gate had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ love child. Story sucks and none of the characters draw very much attention. Powers are lame and boring. Also if that wasn't enough please enjoy all the bugs that make it extermely frustrating.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥I purchased this and played it for so long before the bugs made it unplayable.
,Not Recommended,214170,34140088,Posted: 9 August,all,Denver City Ace,What the ♥♥♥♥ is this garbage?
76561197998473018,Recommended,214170,17856599,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,teerebel,This is without question the best game I've ever played. I still come back to it after 13 years.
76561198005920867,Recommended,214170,2335891,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,LexonKele,famous RPG！
,Recommended,214170,18833599,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Deimos,"Without a doubt the music is amazing, combat is old school like the game itself. i like it worth more than $1."
,Recommended,214170,18853544,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Satyagrahi Zetto,"I went to a dungeon and saw two skeletons pondering about the logical impossibility of their existence. Upon realizing the absurdity of being able to talk and move without vocal cords or anything to bind them together, they exploded into a pile of bones. They left behind a minor stamina potion. I took the potion.This game is pretty neat."
76561198207596836,Recommended,214170,18920396,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,NewBlood1847,Well I downloaded this game because there were no imediate negative coments and only good reviews however the game itself wont open no matter the setting change and resolution it will still continue to bring a pop up message saying configure and even after wou do that you still won't be able to play it.I Got it to work finally and in truth it is a very funn game!
,Recommended,214170,19425626,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Lionheart99,"This game is a perfect example of a classic RPG. The graphics are not the best, but for when it was made, they're not bad at all. It has a compelling story and a good sized world to discover. The one tiny thing that got on my nerves was the lack of autosave. Since most games now have it, I normally don't think about saving after I do something. In this game, you will want to save after doing EVERYTHING. All in all, it's an amazing game and I have already played it over twice.8.5/10"
,Recommended,214170,19191140,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,abcug,"Good old memories... I don't remember how many hours i played this game in the past, and all the feelings come up again now. This is the classic rpg-line when the adventures not seems to kill that guy, brig that item and thats all.. Have classic complex upgrade system with various possible path. Nowadays rpg games ( for example mass effect, which is a fantastic game, but ridigous as rpg ( i think that rather a simple shooter )) balance the whole gameplay and the improovements don't really essential. There is nice and strong story with a very interesting world and a tons of informations about the world. I recommend to everyone who like to read and lost in the game's world!"
,Recommended,214170,10400084,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ShadowDuece™,Such an addictive RPG.  Really one of a kind in its gameplay and story and an overall top ten favorite of all time of mine.  I highly suggest it but it does come at a terrible cost.  You probably will lose a lot of time and maybe some friends if you decide to start this epic adventure.  Just remember to save often because it will bite you in the♥♥♥♥♥if you dont!
76561198066292096,Recommended,214170,10388399,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Care Aislynn,"Really nice game. It was my favorite game when it was first realesed. The level progression is well balanced, the graphic are still nice, and the background story as well as the side quest game are well made."
,Recommended,214170,542553,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Glauber Todesco,"Pra quem gosta de RPg Old School, recomendadíssimo!"
76561198007628459,Recommended,214170,9647623,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,LTdaz,Absolutely GIGANTIC RPG. Must play for anyone interested in action RPG. Better than Diablo
76561198062092237,Recommended,214170,6248404,"Posted: 9 December, 2012",all,BlooD,Awsome game
,Recommended,214170,10067444,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,murder.islove,Old school RPG fun. Just play it!
76561197985788397,Recommended,214170,1067509,"Posted: 15 July, 2012",all,Orek Bot,Diablo meets baldur's gate.. what u want more?:)
76561198046374574,Recommended,214170,8466501,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,legendstormcrow,Good classic Diablo style RPG. Sad it is solo only though.
,Recommended,214170,8991809,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,mr3,"Can't believe I never took the time to play this sooner.  As far as RPGs go it's in the big leagues.  It starts off slow, and the 1st major challenge is a little much, but the freaking thing sucks you in like crack.  It's smooth cracksmoke sailing from there on out as far as I can tell.  The closest thing I can think of to describe it is Diablo 1 with a much much much bigger world and combat a hair behind it (not much, just minor stuff).  Half of the problem is missing convenience controls like a stand-still-while♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥button, and not-so-much-ease in other combat controls like switching weapons (lots of things you can hotkey, some things seem like you can't though).  The other half is the engine itself: it doesn't schedule work well, so when it gets enough on the screen at once it starts ignoring control input, which engine design should never allow.  It happens *rarely* though (so far only with lots of projectiles in flight), and it may have been fine at release (coulda just been DX6- approaches to drawing that weren't properly dealt with in the update), so it's not a big deal for me.  The issue shows itself in lack of Steam overlay support too, by the way.  Aggravating, but the game is way way worth it.  The story is as big and seemingly non-linear as the world, and the number of quests and quest complexity matches it.  Alongside that is significant ability customization, and different layouts do seem to matter in most ways you'd expect.  It's got the cheeziest humor, so bad it's good, and speaking of that the voice acting is freaking horrrrrific.  The next one in the series better be as bad, I'm looking forward to the (un)intended humor.  Best of all, it's one of those games where you can tell how much the dev team loved it--there's attention to detail all around, and it wasn't rushed out so fast it didn't get needed polish.  All in all, 94/100 for me."
76561197991622855,Recommended,214170,1335156,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Gravybiscuit,"Great game, essentially Diablo meets Baldurs Gate. Plenty of randomized loot, varied skill builds with well written quests."
,Recommended,214170,2241226,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,NET.poiZon,Ахринительная RPG! Лучше всяких драгАн эйджев и скУримов!
76561198076912764,Recommended,214170,9421974,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,kidofburden,"A bit buggy, but I'm having a blast when it's not bugging out."
,Recommended,214170,5125749,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Zflocco,"Played this game a while ago, Had the discs, Still do but it seems to dislike the newer OS, this version however works on newer OS from a patch. It's a hack and slash and it's fun, 'Nuff Said."
,Recommended,214170,9048825,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Rahuri,"A good old classic RPG, when games where still hard, when you still had to read quest logs or dialogs and when RPGs weren't overall boringdefinately worth €5"
76561198090092669,Recommended,214170,7522596,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,Elioth,"I've played this game when I was about 12 years old, and I literally played it until the disk broke and it no longer worked. I haven't been able to find it, but then I saw it.. on Steam! Stayed up three nights in a row and after 40 hours of good, solid, lovely gameplay its finished.I love its simplicity in style but the extremely high amount of quests."
76561198006377535,Recommended,214170,9278966,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,nein,"This was one of my first computer games that I played in my childhood. I know that it has not a 3D graphic and that it has not many audio response. So that, you have to read many texts but ... because of these things, you will be take in a wunderful world if you permit it. I often play it again because it is awsome!"
76561198020513664,Recommended,214170,9064387,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,_Pax_,"Love this game! It reminds of UO (Ultima Online) one of my all-time favorite games. The interface is mouse-driven and intuitive, and the graphics are old-school hand-drawn art... but not TOO old-school, as there's been extra care taken for details, adding to the overall enjoyment of the game experience. The storyline is interesting, character development is open-ended and gameplay keeps you interested and entertained.But perhaps what's made me a new Larian Studios fan for life is the Customer Support they offer here on Steam. Their representative, Raze, is always on the forum, ready to help fix any problem you have, if it's in his power... and it usually is. If you have trouble and post your problem to the forum, Raze will answer you within a very short time, offering solutions, including even fixing your bugged character (if you email him your character file). I have NEVER had that kind of Customer Support for ANY game before! As far as I'm concerned, Larian Studios is the best!"
,Recommended,214170,2253493,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,DJK,This is an amazing RPG. Seriously buy this now it's really cheap and ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant.
,Recommended,214170,8953646,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Thoros,A kick♥♥♥♥♥old school RPG.
,Recommended,214170,8989357,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,baxtyr,"A masterpiece. Gaming history right here. AAA+ quality for its time. I bought it randomly off a store shelf back when it released, I view that as one of my best decisions of all time."
,Recommended,214170,6032247,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,ParadiseMantis,"Very nice old-school game, interesting storyline and sidequests, a fair bit of depth to the skills and combat (not quite as much as you may have come to expect from recent games) and a classic fantasy universe that all adds up for an enjoyable RPG experience. Its dated but its good."
76561198007306615,Recommended,214170,2435749,"Posted: 1 August, 2012",all,Galoopo Fruithag,Like Diablo but better.
,Recommended,214170,9975978,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Balthiel,Divine Divinity is all of the classics I enjoyed as a kid. Larian Studios' masterpiece boasts deceptively deep mechanics and an immersive game world that truly set it apart from other isometric RPGs. Original Sin has very big boots to fill.
,Recommended,214170,9985266,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,blizzardmetal,"Why did I miss out on this 12 years ago? What a great game. Don't call it a Diablo clone...combat style is similar, but the writing, graphics, soundtrack, quests, atmosphere...everything is true classic RPG. Hints of later Ultima games can be found here as well."
,Recommended,214170,5121441,"Posted: 26 July, 2012",all,Aidan(에이단),이거 은근히 물건입니다~ 생각보다 잼있어요~
76561198026379810,Recommended,214170,13587024,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Rock Breaker,"You know when you pick up a book, look at the cover and think ""naaah"". This is what happened to me, i looked at this game a few times but i wasnt sure what to think. i then preceeded to watch a video on the gameplay and then proceeded to buy it. i do not regret it. not at all. its hard as can be in some parts but the challenge is well worth it, the soundtrack is an absolute masterpiece sit back and enjoy the beauty that is the OST of this truly wonderful game. the skill trees are interesting and your not limited to just one you can branch out into the other classes skills aswell which stirs up the pot a bit. i guarentee wether your paying a few dollars here or a but-ton at a game store somewhere it will be well worth the  blood sweat tears and anguish it probably took to scrounge up that much coinage."
,Recommended,214170,3042141,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Nerby,This game is VERY good. Its basically Diablo + Skyrim.
,Recommended,214170,4532150,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Z-Gull,Good game. Played it back in 2007 for about $5 at a target because it was the last copy in the store. It's actually a really fun that game that has so much to do and see. I wish I didn;t spend so much time on it and more people should try this out.
76561198103651772,Recommended,214170,16180563,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Vigi React,"I have reached level 5 as a female Survivor. Trudging through the farm fields, I get a nostalgic feeling. This game is a vastly improved Faery Tale Adventure. The game was first released in 1986 and I played it on the Sega Genesis in the early 90's. It was a large expanse to travel through, and you hacked and slashed to treasure and experience points. The genre of action RPGs has come a long way, and Divine Divinity shines in the amount of depth and interactivity you can have with the environment. It's a mixture of Record of Lodoss War(Dreamcast version), Ultima VII, and Baldur's Gate."
,Recommended,214170,16563693,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Emily,"Reaaaally fun, amazing and classic. Play it smartly, try to feel this classic RPG humorous side"
,Recommended,214170,1006038,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Ｓｅｎｔｉｅｎｔ,Awesome!
,Recommended,214170,6525232,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,like00111,only have a few hours so far but a great game and sucks you into the world
,Recommended,214170,14369097,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,härjaren,"A great blend of prior rpgs, and adds something new in the process.I sense an influence of games of the time (Baldur's Gate, Diablo II, NoX, Dungeon Siege, Neverwinter Nights)... and I believe Divine Divinity even served as an inspiration for Sacred (2004).I find it harder (playing as the female survivor (theif-ish class) on normal at first play, then like playing Baldur for instance.Still an intriguing game, which is heavy on story, openworld exploration and atmosphere.Oh and there's lots of neat things like literary easter eggs, movable objects, nods to other rpg games in the way some plot points and how some game mechanics are introduced.A must play game!"
,Recommended,214170,14469482,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sasoribi,"Amazing game - a cross between Diablo 2 and Ultima Online. It's 2015, I never played it before and I'm enjoying it more than most of the games of the last decade.The game is pretty challenging, and although it has some minor bugs, every minute is worth playing. The humor is fantastic. 10/10 game, praise the devs."
76561198177851770,Recommended,214170,14485683,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,MasterBaader,"It's a fun game, has it's laughable dialogue to add to the fun of playing this game."
76561197994073217,Recommended,214170,14399912,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,egvoidl,"I played this game numerous times when it came out. I loved it then, and I love it now. This time I have discovered a bug/exploit that might be helpful to survivor players. The bug involves the hide in shadows skill. When in a dungeon or at night outside, you can target an enemy and then activate your hide in shadows, the glitch is you become totally invisible, and can maintain attack in this state for as long as you like. It doesn't drain stamina. The catch is to deactivate it you have to find a light source. This is usually pretty easy to accomplish by the numerous torches and piles of gold littering a dungeon. If you don't want to look around, carry a ruby or other gem and just drop it, it will provide enough light to cancel the shadows."
76561197981960766,Recommended,214170,917037,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Kapella,Für jeden alt eingesessenen RPG Fan wird dieses Spiel lieben ;)
76561197986671300,Recommended,214170,7402982,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,jeroq_16,very deep gameplay. underrated game. a must for RPG fans
76561198053855919,Recommended,214170,15303121,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Macbeth,"The old Divine divinity of old, takes you back to the days of endless frustration but yet you go back for more."
,Recommended,214170,15212611,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,四百二十燃やせ,"One of the best RPGs I've ever played and an oldie worth of being played.The gameplay is extremely good, something that you rarely see in actual RPGs. 10/10"
76561198014380371,Recommended,214170,15259795,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,Littlemonky,Easily one of the best games I have ever played.
76561198007428682,Recommended,214170,2444095,"Posted: 22 July, 2012",all,Red X,"divine divinidy its like a 2D Elderscrolls im so ♥♥♥♥ing adictid, join in and become a legend, you know if you got the ability to make it through this world haha"
,Recommended,214170,5592838,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,WWWanderer,The greatest ARPG of all times (in my opinion) is remastered.I don't know how many times in the last 10 Years I've played this Game!It is one of my beloved Games of all times!
76561198006125780,Recommended,214170,9045241,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,TepesIII,"I love this game! I First played the sequel Beyond Divinity and had to play rhe first part. The world is big and changing, only problem, that some quests are very hard to solve."
,Recommended,214170,327128,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Vertigoh,"Wow, what a sleeper hit... I don't need to say anything about it, read the review excerpts on the store page.  For that price I thought ""Sure, why not..."".  It blew away my expectations."
76561197964108437,Recommended,214170,173080,"Posted: 16 July, 2012",all,AnthraX73',Old School RPG at its finnest!It's a great game for the price!
,Recommended,214170,1250896,"Posted: 14 July, 2012",all,Auxbackup,not as good as diablo 2 but has a more engrossing story
76561198055212986,Recommended,214170,5801981,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,DJ_Androm3da™,"The Diablo III that never was. Divine Divinity is so much like Diablo II that I'm surprised that Blizzard hasn't filed a lawsuit yet. However, being just like Diablo II isn't a bad thing; this game is pure wickedness."
,Recommended,214170,8044927,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,"AJ, Lord of Chaos","-Classic gem of a RPG, often over-looked-It's an action-RPG with a huge open overworld, countless dungeons and quests. Pretty hard because you easily run into dangerous enemies while exploring the map. Even standard enemies give you a beating and some bosses are almost unfair. Like in Diablo loot is randomized and plenty, monsters come in packs. It also shares the same music style. The PC can mix his skills from all the talent trees but specializing is recommended. Beside the fighting there is a lot of talking, doing interesting quests with twists and riddles so there is stuff beside pure combat."
,Recommended,214170,8046192,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,ArseBiscuits,"One of my favourite RPGs of all time, it has beautiful isometric artwork, fun combat and an intriguing plot with good characters.The artwork is great in my opinion, coming at the end of an era of great iosmetric games and utilising the available technology post-millenium, making me sad that this genre was all but dropped for a decade.Combat is a kind of Diablo-like with left clicking to melee and right clicking to fling spells and a button to lock on to enemies if you need the extra accuracy. I found it a lot of fun, although some abilities are quite unbalanced. There is certainly plenty of scope for roleplaying and building custom classes (there are starting classes but no restrictions on gear or abilities) but you might find yourself using some abilities and skills simply because they're very effective.The plot is interesting, with plenty of intrigue and wonder and it takes you to many interesting places, varied environments and great characters abound. It also has a good sense of humour, without overdoing it, something that Larian are usually quite good at.In summary, this game feels like Diablo got a shot of Baldur's Gate and a taste of Elder Scrolls and I feel it is highly underrated. If you enjoy RPGs you shouldn't miss out on this gem."
,Recommended,214170,5398455,"Posted: 28 July, 2012",all,Hungry Koala,"Before I bought this game I was told that it was just like Diablo 2 but with a way better plot line. True. When I watched the trailer for the game it said it was so engrossing that you can't put it down. This is also true. This game has over 50+ hours. True, unless you play it 6 hours a day like I did then false.If you like action role playing games, ARPG's, then i highly suggest that you pick up this game. The action and story line kick off right in the begining, just remember to save often!"
,Recommended,214170,2872572,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Ríκudöu Hîκó Sēìjurö,"POSITIVES:1. Huge game, lots of exploration and details to tiny things that are often ignored by modern RPG games (or for that matter, any game out there)!2. Lots of good loots: you will find good loots and even better ones as you progress, not downgraded loots that you see in games like...say...Diablo 3. *angry face*3. Very detailed quests. Some of them will make you think about what you need to do, instead of just ""go-there-get-that-bring-them-back-to-person"" type of quests that you see now. Some quests are very detailed and requires careful backtracking, which may or may not please you; but it shows great immersion to the story telling that it has to offer.4. Funny characters all over the map.NEGATIVES:1. Old school game, don't expect gfx to be like Skyrims (obviously)!2. Save a lot. Many quests can be done different ways to get more or less XP or rewards. So try to think before you do them. THIS IS NOT A NEGATIVE, but it may frustrate you for not getting what you wanted."
,Recommended,214170,3988399,"Posted: 13 July, 2012",all,Squidbit,"Amazing game, buy the ♥♥♥♥ out of this."
76561198051136047,Recommended,214170,18458117,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Ol' Uncle Sheo[Gurren],"The game is really temperamental. I have an incredibly hard time getting it to run properly, but when/if you do, it's a GREAT game.I'd definitely call this one of the best RPGs ever made, but I'm incredibly biased. This is a game from my youth, one which I played constantly back in the day."
76561198053826619,Recommended,214170,18686461,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,crocodilius,"One of those classic games a lot of people missed.If you have the patience, go back in timeand get your♥♥♥♥♥kicked."
,Recommended,214170,18733954,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Blackthorne,"Don't let my Steam time fool you, I've done several complete playthroughs, mostly on the Discs I've owned since 2005.Pros-Stunning visuals(For its time).-Amazing soundtrack.-Complete and utter freedom, no hand holding. (Though, this can also be viewed as a con, because the total freedom can lead to actions which break quests)-Complete control over the build of your character, starting classes only determine your appearance and starting stats/skills.-Great humor.-Quests and choices have an impact on the way to world reacts to you, and sometimes the events that unfold, because of your choices, are chaotic fun.-Skills are varied, some useless, but most serving their purpose well. (Telekinesis allows you to steal so much stuff)-Non-leveled gameplay. Some areas are hard as hell for a reason, dummy.-Bad memes and Broken DreamsCons-Sometimes the only solution is violence. What if I wanna be a pacifist??-Bosses become swish cheese, easily. If you know what you're doing.-Story's outcome is not affected by how much people hate you. Lame.-Bad puns.-{Insert lame attempt at a joke here.}-Of course, the quest to poison the waterwell. F**k you orcs. And your camp.TL;DR?Game is fun, recommended if you enjoy a challenge and open ended gameplay. Retro with a touch of innovation for the time. 2D Graphics, look painted on a canvas. Amazing soundtrack.10/10 Would make skeletons have an existential crisis again."
,Recommended,214170,1574186,"Posted: 25 July, 2012",all,@SadieStayzNeat,Timeless classic!
76561197973706677,Recommended,214170,633441,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,blacktomcat,"How does an Hack and Slay that wanted to be an real Roleplaygame looks like? Most probably just like Divine Divinity. The game mechanics clearly place it among the likes of Diablo, Nox etc. BUT the content and much of the quest concepts rather remind of games like Baldurs Gate or Planscape Torment. If u like either of these games, this one might b the right choices. It is cheap enough to try it anyway..."
,Recommended,214170,1159583,"Posted: 22 July, 2012",all,Aslag,"Dont let the admittedly strange title put you off. This RPG from Belgian developer Larian Studios combines the open-endedness of an Elder Scrolls game with combat reminiscent of Diablo II, and does it very well. Very lengthy and challenging."
,Recommended,214170,1902639,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Baronello,Она ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ая.
,Recommended,214170,7565822,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Atlas Liga,"Best Rpg of all time. great story,great features. Worth every cent.10/10"
,Recommended,214170,1097750,"Posted: 14 August, 2012",all,Space Monkey,"Old School RPG, tactical not just hack and slash. Very polished game. 2D graphics but still very nice. Those who like the atmosphere of Ultima Online and similar games should enjoy this."
,Recommended,214170,14738366,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,SynicHEX,Just finished my first play through. At 6 bucks for a solid 50 hours or so of enjoyment i say picking this up for anyone who ever played games like Diablo 1 and 2 is a pretty much no brainer. I loved it. The devs put a lot of love into this game and honestly it shows.
76561198050302538,Recommended,214170,14218907,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,soggyshorts,"Decent hack n' slash, played through on co-op took about 7h.Boss fights are sometimes challenging at timesOverall very enjoyable"
76561198067562724,Recommended,214170,8444564,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ThunderWolf,"Very good but feels stiff comared to modern RPGs like SkyrimGameplay Score: 95Graphics Score ( compared to other games in 2002): 90Story score: 100Difficulty: Moderate, unless you go to fast and then find yourself eaten.Controls: Exellent, the majority of what you will ever need is right in front of you and the pause feature gives you time to do anything.I once had this in the disc form and I played it until the disc actually broke. Then when it came out on Steam I picked it up right quick. It was still fun but was not as fun as it once was, mostly just because it is so old. But for being from 2002 the graphics are good and the game is surrounded with an epic story line that throws a curve at you just enough to keep you glued to the screen. The game is fair and has an acceptable progression of your character. It is a good idea to save often because when you die, you die, no ifs, ands or buts."
,Recommended,214170,5845824,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Up&Down,Best RPG ever!
,Recommended,214170,3048570,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,TheAngryPeach,"This game is absolutely delicious, touching all my old hack n slash isometric RPG fangirl fancies. A game that still beats the original Diablo in Blizzard's Diablo franchise, this game is quite a bit unique. You can attack anyone you want to, with dire consquences. Move anything you want to, but don't expect to pick it up and put it in your inventory if it's ridiculous. You can do so many amazing things in this game for what it is, you'll forget that any other game remotely like it existed. I love this game because it really has a gritty feel to it at times, a feeling of being lost. You get to make your own choices in conversations, theft, and wherever you go. This game is also very challenging and makes you mad to the brink of insanity, but it's part of the charm. I highly recommend this game even if you'd rather play something newer, because I'll be honest with you, this game just proves my logic: The older it is, the better the story."
76561198050807547,Recommended,214170,16612469,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Gigafatt,Stole a merchant's entire inventory when he was in his bedroom and didn't get caught. 10/10
76561198035915202,Recommended,214170,25287524,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Blackjack010,"A great game by Larian Studios,that features the now-well-known freedom to take everything that is not nailed to the ground, the typical Larian humor,as well as creative ways to get what you want,sneaking, fighting, framing, foulplay, you name it.Everybody who likes the newer Divinity:Original Sin should try its predecessor too, it is a damn fun game.Unfortunately the game falls apart at the ending, possibly because of budget problems, but up until that point it is worth playing."
76561198142024321,Recommended,214170,24705815,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,a young depressed snake,spent 20 hours in the first dungeonwas awesome though
,Recommended,214170,8825876,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,M. Doucet,"This one is a tough one. Like the other games in this series, you get out of it what you're willing to put into it. For those essentially willing to relearn an RPG from scratch and grapple with a game that didn't age well, you absolutely would not be disappointed. As always, Larian excels in their storytelling and spins a deep and compelling tale once you start to figure out what's going on and how to play the game. Modern RPG fans should likely pass this one up as it eschews convention at every turn and is notoriously difficult to play, yet alone play well. Old schoolers who are willing to make the investment in this title will be well-rewarded by its depth, complexity, and amazing ending. 8/10."
,Recommended,214170,25000499,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,SDDubya,"This game is tons of fun.  It's made by the same people who made Divinity: Original Sin, and the same sense of humor is in this game.  The gameplay is like a cross between Baldur's Gate and Diablo II.  There's real time combat with pause, and the skill trees are really a lot of fun.  My first playthrough, I went as a summoner, and was able to summon 10 skeletons and a strong knight, and a bunch of rats as well.  But you can also play as pure melee, or as a ranger, or any hybrid class you can think of.  My advice: invest in the skill that lets you place runes in your equipment.  You can easily double your base stats this way.  Also, don't invest points in magic, as you can buy magic skill books, and you will have a ton of money as you progress.If you like ARPGs, quests that can be long and hard to figure out sometimes, a bunch of freedom, and a huge open world to explore and develop your character in any way you can imagine, then this game is for you.  It's one of my all-time favorites."
,Recommended,214170,25867776,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Deckard[HZ],"Decent diablo-style rpg, good if you're looking for that kind of gameplay. It's also very open ended and the enemies are not scaled to your level, for better or worse.Word of Warning for new players: Weapons and Armor have COMPLETELY RANDOM stats. Even the unique set armor and weapons. The stats are decided when you kill a tough enemy or find the item. I'm not talking diablo-style random where it can have a random value added to str or whatnot, I'm talking totally friggin random. You can find a dragon-armor setpiece (best in the game, at least potentially) with literally anywhere from 2-12 mods, all of which vary incredibly. If you want to get the best gear in this game, you will have to save and reload until you find the best roll. Not that I have anything against random rolls, but the game doesn't tell you about this and it is soooo ridiculously random you could reload 50-100 times and never get the same stats twice (and I would know >.>)."
,Recommended,214170,27865143,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Djakon Strasni,Gem. 'Nuf said.
76561198204091535,Recommended,214170,19927232,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Meetgod,"It may be a good game, but the crash bug,  small fonts make me crazy, it's a old game after all ,so it may can't not fit your PC when you run it. Really! It makes me crazy!after so many bugs regardless, this game is really a great game you can imagine in RPG. if you love the old RPG past years, it can indulge you"
76561198040488723,Recommended,214170,20266552,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Melandrhild,"A really awesome RPG, my fav from Larian with Original Sin."
,Recommended,214170,27728211,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,clickbait,I loved it. Playing Mage helped me get the hang of the mechanics. After that I wanted to play through all the possible characters.
76561197993490341,Recommended,214170,1465464,"Posted: 21 July, 2012",all,One Man Army,"A mix between Baldurus Gate and Diablo. Very jolly, highly recommended if you enjoy those games."
,Recommended,214170,27156864,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Bigging64,Can't tell you how many hours I played this game on my windows 98 COMPAQ computer...
,Recommended,214170,26945489,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DeliciousChris,"After all these years, i still love this game as much as i did the first time i played it.The soundtrack, the quests, the nostalgia and did i mention the soundtrack.. Seriously the music brings back some serious feels.My original playthrough must have lasted 100 hours+ and plan on spending some time in the steam version when i get the chance to really get my teeth stuck in.I had some trouble running this on Windows10, but running in compatibility mode with admin rights sorted that out.I'm glad the franchise returned to its root with The Original Sin series, the developers havn't lost the love they poured into the first divinity, the only negitive thing i have to say about it it the horrendous name."
,Recommended,214170,26949731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Raynaldo,"An incredibly enthralling and rewarding experience. Very long to play through, but never feels repetitive or grindy (monsters don't respawn). Works great in Ultrawide HD (2560x1080), which is no small feat for a game this old.There is a few things you should know before you start playing the game.1. BUCK daggers. There is very low variety of dagger weapons, so if you want to rely on assassin's kiss you will be under-powered most of the time. Besides, you can't dual wield, and pairing a shield as high as your shoulder with a dinky dagger makes you look like a retard.2. Craft magic potions to heal yourself. Using the Restoration skill is a lot more resource efficient and handy in combat than chugging healing potions. You will find enough of the latter to use in emergency when your health is too low.3. Skills in the game can be raised three ways- points from leveling up, items (in the form of a skill book) and quest rewards. There are several quests that reward you Restoration, and a book of it you can find at an easy place, so don't waste points maxing it out (max level is 5).4. If you want to reach ALL the loot, you will find the Telekinesis skill useful (I could only retrieve the aforementioned Restoration book with a level 2 Telekinesis skill).5. Scorpion traps are absolutely OP.  Just throw a couple of them at any boss (by using the trap skill) and they will most likely kill it for you.6. Gold will be plentiful. Ignore the Trading skill.7. Save the game often, in different slots.8. Regeneration is useless. Don't bother. It's too slow to be worth the points and you'll get plenty of potions anyway."
,Recommended,214170,26886350,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Daringstar,"It's been 14 years since I first played this game. Back then, I played it and failed time and again. Today, I died ten times. Still my favourite."
,Recommended,214170,26874363,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Xenon (Xe),"Yeah, with a name as repetive as Diving Divinity- it's a decent rpg for its time. Today; it may not be exactly the best, but it offered a few good hours back when I was a child. Mostly nostaliga got me to get it here, and it's rather decent if you don't mind spending a few hours wandering because you have no idea what to do."
76561198053870710,Recommended,214170,28586891,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,"""AnotherAxis""","This is one great classic game ,But gameplay have less assist system It hard when you start"
76561197988361461,Recommended,214170,1169566,"Posted: 12 July, 2012",all,Okop,"Like Diablo 2 but looking for something with more depth in the world?  Divine Divinity offers a massive and seamless open world (no linear path progression).  You can move and stack objects, choose any skill from any class right from the beginning, go on more sidequests than you can handle, and deeper crafting and alchemy.  It also has an extremely detailed world where you can interact with nearly every single item you see.  Go into someones out and you can do something with every tiny object on the table for example.  Be warned, players may need a notepad to keep track of quest givers as their is no quest tracking."
,Recommended,214170,27246985,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fellaria,"best game,"
76561198056875355,Recommended,214170,27486426,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,bleh_no_more,This is an incredibly fun RPG / Hack'n'slash game that I would recommend to anyone.Good features:- Attention to detail. Many objects are usable in some way even if they serve no purpose.- Challenging gameplay. Not hard by any means but can suprise you if you stray to far from where you should be.- The story is good but the script can get a bit cheesey and cliche.- Lots of gameplay. There are many sidequests that you can get lost in.Bad features:- Not much direction at the beginning of the game. May take a while to figure out what you are doing.- No respawning. No grinding for better gear just have to keep looking new places if you dont find what you want.- Can't think of anything else I didn't like...
,Recommended,214170,27484061,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Deac ☑,"My playtime doesn't matter so far,I finished this game 3 times in a row and I'm not bored of it yet.Don't listen to the negative reviews which say the game is boring,it is not.If you are into old RPGs and/or old games in general this is a very satisfing game.The music is one of the best music you could ever hear in a game (RIP Kiril).The story line isn't really brilliant,but it keeps you interested.There are some interesting characters and the side quests rarely get repetitive.Come on,0,74 euros for this gem on sale? Just buy it man,for the good of ol'times."
,Recommended,214170,27515680,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,F.I.S.T.O.,Makes you feel the transition from pathetic peasant to unflappable demigod.
76561198162553073,Recommended,214170,28578587,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,LunchMeat2000,"I'm always looking for good old-fashioned RPGs that challenge me, have more in-depth stories, will pull me into their world, and will kick my♥♥♥♥♥enough so that I need to rethink my approach.  This is one of those games.Great story, great characters, killer dungeons, not so many ultra-linear (easy peasy) quests, and an awesome soundtrack.  Will definitely be playing this game again with the other character classes.Yeah, it's glitchy here and there, but I can deal with it.  Life's rough."
76561198188093362,Recommended,214170,28330605,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,eperez9294,take it from me. you need this game. buy it. now....
,Recommended,214170,279498,"Posted: 21 July, 2012",all,LunaticEdit,"Much better than the junk the big companies try to pass as games. An epic, fun to play, and challenging RPG that is actually playable and doesn't crash  (unlike every bethesda game)."
76561198248680496,Recommended,214170,31997146,Posted: 27 May,all,Ryan The Alcomist,"Very addictive, but i ♥♥♥♥ed up and did not finish all the quests in the game before going to the end of the main story and it doesn't let you go back and finish them, so make sure you have everything done that you want and have explored everything you want to explore before you hit the gong with all 7 members of the council"
76561198007259868,Recommended,214170,31674188,Posted: 10 May,all,SamHill,"Never written a review before, but this game is so outstanding, I wanted to recommend it. I'd been looking for a while for an isometric Skyrim, and this is the closest I've found.The character building is fun and open, and you can choose any style you want, I chose a sneaky archer.Tips for beginners:1. There is no autosave, so I have lost many hours of game time cos I keep forgetting to press Ctrl-S quicksave2. Press Alt regularly, cos there are a lot of items dropped thst you could miss3. Be prepared to run away, a lot, especially if you are a sneaky archer4. Do not accidentally kill a cat like I did, cos it means the whole cat race will attack you on sight wherever you are, forever,  I have to parade through towns and villages being chased by angry cats, it all goes a bit Monty Python.The game world is huge, interesting, engaging and funny in equal measure, the writng is good, and most of the stuff you have to read is  concise, and you actually want to read it - unlike a lot of other rpg's. Also when there's a cut scene I enjoy it, rather than wondering when it will end.Overall DD is the best deal I've ever had in terms of the game/money ratio.Don't know why it says I've played 12 hours above, I've played a lot more than that...."
76561198105445916,Recommended,214170,31732600,Posted: 13 May,all,Fugitive Mind,"Incredibly outdated, yet surprisingly fun. Divine Divinity features a lengthy campaign, strong quest design, a fantastic soundtrack, and decent gameplay."
76561198006825264,Recommended,214170,33667097,Posted: 20 July,all,sarppis,"Great old-schoool RPG game with interesting plot and quests and freedom to decide where to go and what to do next. Ending could have been better though. The last battles were quite boring while fighting through numerous enemy lines to reach 5 mini-bosses before facing the ""great evil""."
76561198014031810,Recommended,214170,2882500,"Posted: 26 July, 2012",all,Shadow,"My favorite Hack & Slash RPG so far.- No enemy respawns.- The freedom to move objects and items.- Well designed world map.It was very addicting to the point where I ended up exploring every pixel of the game in just one week, losing what's left of my life in the process..."
,Recommended,214170,35149329,Posted: 23 September,all,OriskLV,This game turned out to be one of the most engrossing RPG I've ever had the pleasure of experiencing.
,Recommended,214170,1446460,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Roenie,"Amazing game. Great open world (non linear) and great writing, highly original and varied quests. There's something new and interesting around every corner. Doesn't become any less interesting or captivating in 30 hours of play. I'm not even done with the first map region yet."
,Recommended,214170,35244517,Posted: 27 September,all,NOOBMASTER,"Pros:+ Enjoyable Main story (an adventurer fights against the forces of evil),+ Good amount of interesting Sidequests,+ Not a hard game if you figure it out (had ~100 spare stat points at the end),+ Has some interesting mechanics (e.g. drag n drop items, spot the hidden item, and riddles where you have to use the right item, but no puzzles).+ You can pause the game at any time to think over (tactical pause).+ Large choice of skills / abilities.Cons:- At times the terrible pathfinding will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off, at times it will help you enter through doors,- Also the draw distance will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off in crowded places, as you will be accidentally clicking every npc in your way (you should try holding down the mouse),- Your character's lines show him to be a racist and troll,- Minor bugs with strength potions and weigth (you just have to trigger your weigth manually after drinking a str pot)- Restricted 1st Boss fight of the Main plotline (You are silenced.),- Soundtrack feels out of place sometimes,- Not all dialogues are voiced (you will have to read the text).Not a con, but there is no Steam Overlay, so you won't be able to share screenshots with friends (unless you upload them yourself?)."
