user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,214250,15483546,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Toxic League,"At first glance, I Am Alive showed a lot of promise. The post apocalyptic atmosphere is believable. The story feels genuine. But ultimately playing it felt more like a chore than entertainment. The game concepts sound great on paper, but fall short on execution. It tries to pretend it's open world, yet is completely linear. I tried to play as a passive person, purposely trying to save lives and ammo, but nothing I did or didn't do mattered. Just about everyone I encountered had to die because they were the aggressor and wouldn't step down. There was no way to talk my way out of any situation. And if I pointed my gun at someone without the intention of using it, they always attacked as soon as I lowered my weapon or tried to walk away. Killing people became routine and expected so eventually I just started shooting first.Then there's the stamina aspect which works well most of the time, until you unwittingly find yourself lost with no stamina to get back to safety, being forced to restart a level. And finally there's that genuine story which turns out to be nothing more than a dead end serving no purpose other than to keep the game moving forward. There is no closure here.Attaching the Ubisoft name to this title feels very similar to attaching the Gearbox name to Aliens: Colonial Marines--setting up high expectations, only to be disappointed."
,Recommended,214250,17363854,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,You play gwent?,"Mixed reviews for this game confuse me, it deserves better. Don't get me wrong though, many things people complain about are true and the game really is relatively short (around 4 to 5 hours of gameplay) and abrupt, however it offers a very unique combat system and the overall atmosphere is pretty good.Playing on hard difficulty you will be forced into roungh resource managment (mainly ammo management, also water and other stuff), therefore you can't just wander anywhere you want neither can you shoot everything that moves, you have to force your enemies to surrender by threatening them with your (often times not even loaded) gun. I loved the concept and look forward to other games implementing it. The second most important aspect of the game is post-apocalyptic atmosphere, as mentioned above it is executed fairly well and the game feels somewhat unusual and therefore interesting.Surely, the game has it's flaws, they are mentioned in other reviews, However, I feel like most of them were brought up by people over-hyped by the game and therefore expecting it to be more than it actually can be. Some cons of the game I can think of is it's repetetiveness. Combat got somewhat repetetive but I am fine with that, what really annoyed me is climbing buildings over and over again (which was fun at first... but you can only climb so much without getting sick of it). And that's basically it, nothing else really stroke me during my first playthrough.To sum up, I can recommend this game. Get it if it's on sale and you are looking for something post-apocalyptic with survival aspects and unusual combat system. Just don't put your expectations for it too high and you will enjoy it as long as you keep all those bad reviews off your mind while playing."
,Recommended,214250,32735984,Posted: 24 June,all,quatic667,"The game is very intense, and most encounters require a good and rare bullet to deal with, but you usually get one at the start of it with a well planned sneak attack. Resources are quite scarce and you will want to spare medical supplies and other random supplies as much as possible to help out survivors for a better end game score. This is the kind of game that rewards exploration but almost always comes with a risk of death by stamina failure.The story starts out completely believeable and really portrays the love a father is capable of, even if it is all in the benefit of a young child only resembling his daughter. The story lacks closure and leaves you wondering where the sequal is. It is also quite short. Beat the game in 5h 47m with 90% score on easy. Running through survival now to see what i can do with experience under my belt.Favorite weapon: Hunting Bow - Nothing like getting your projectiles back from your still enemy bodies. *WARNING* DOES NOT INTIMIDATE ENEMIES. only draw this weapon when you already have them at pistol and have space between you and them. Also works as a nice initiator to take out the pistol bearing enemies quickly, then pull out trusty gun to scare the rest while recovering arrows and grabbing extra bullets.With the entertaining decision based combat system and the difficult survival aspects of this game, but lacking longer gameplay, i give this game a 8.5/10"
,Recommended,214250,12643559,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Trez75,"You know what? Its really rather good. Its a good 12 hours worth of bleak post apocalyptic survival so provided you don't mind the complete lack of comedic relief then all good. In all seriousness, its a very playable game with some very clever elements. Holding a gun with only one bullet (or empty in some cases) and facing off against 3 enemy makes for some very quick strategic thinking of who to take down first, and who you can bluff into surrendering. The world setting is fantastic and a very believable vision of downtown US after the apocalyptic ""Event"". It really does feel that genuine. The plot is good enough, though relatively straightforward and although a little clunky at times, the control are sufficient. Had a couple of graphic glitches, and one dead end point where an enemy didn't spawn so I couldn't make the next objective. Also find that getting the enemies into that precise point to make a ""strike"" was tricky and it would often revert to the ""struggle kill"" with no warning.There's a good mix of the puzzle and platformer elements in the climbing sections and its challenging enough, even on the regular level setting.  Whilst the game is quite ""samey"" in that involves exploring climbing and a bit of combat, its fulfilling eoughIts not a cheery game by any standards (its on a par with say, Dead Space in terms of optimism) but its one that made me pretty happy. Overall score is a very comfortable 8 out of 10"
,Not Recommended,214250,13518274,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Vivisector 9999,"I'm a sucker for the post-apocalypse genre - the grittier, the better - and thus this game looked really promising. Unfortunately, I ended up being severely disappointed.At first, the setting and mood was excellent, kinda like The Road (although thankfully not THAT harsh). I actually liked the stamina mechanism, too. In most games, your character is apparently a machine who can run/climb/fight/whine for hours without breaking a sweat, so such a nod to realism also got things started on the right foot. Graphics I didn't have much problem with, either. Hell, I grew up in the NES era, so I can forgive a lot on that score.Unfortunately, I Am Alive went downhill pretty quickly from there. It's funny that I mentioned the NES, because this game actually reminded me of the old NES games... in all the worst ways.It LOOKS like a GTA/Fallout-style open world at first, but looks are deceiving. I Am Alive is actually a linear game with constant barriers to keep you moving more or less along the one path. It's bitter that such an open-looking 3D world would offer so little room for exploration or experimentation.Looking at the map for the first time (before I became aware of this game's true nature), I actually wondered which streets I should take to the apartment. I thought ""Okay, let's try those back streets, maybe less chance of being spotted by hostiles..."" I soon learned that this game isn't big on exploration (or choices). That linear nature extended to the encounters, too. All too often, it felt like there was only one method or sequence to resolve things, with any other approach being punished brutally.That latter issue is made exponentially worse by the SAVE POINT SYSTEM. Even better, with limited retries! This is what nailed this game's coffin shut for me, the realization that this game came out in 2012 and oh wow, game designers STILL hadn't learned better than this idiocy.NO. This is no longer 1984 where you have to fit your entire game in 4 megabytes and I'm still a kid with enough free time to waste hours replaying the same fricking map over and over. If you want to encourage players to get through the game in less than X lives in one sitting, then hey, great. Make an achievement or a score bonus or a ""hardcore mode"" or whatever for it. But don't punish those of us who aren't masochists with nothing more interesting to do.You might think I'm a little hypocritical here, because I love roguelikes, which usually have permadeath and make you start over with a new character if you die. But the better ones (DCSS, DoomRL, ADOM, Sword of the Stars: The Pit) have random dungeons and classes that are very different from each other, so at least you can try something new if you die, with tons of room for exploration or just going some other way. I Am Alive should have borrowed more from that playbook if it wanted to be so harsh.TL;DR: This game is frustrating, stupidly linear, and has save points. Avoid."
,Recommended,214250,25701716,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,P3rsha,"I bought this game in sale for a low-price about 3 years ago but only played it a couple of months ago and was not disappointed; a good discovery i must say, for my part.""I Am Alive"" is a story-driven Third-Person (Shooter) game which takes place in a post-cataclysmic era, in a dark and dusty world, with a mostly black & white atmosphere. A lone survivor wants to retrieve his lost wife and daughter when the Event occured, one year ago.The player must collect resources to restore their Health and Stamina, but also to help other survivors who will give informations about the Event and your researched people. This is a choice, among others.Some survivors are hostile and quick decisions must be taken to stay alive... or not; intimidate and/or kill are sometimes the only way, but choose your priority target(s) precautionously, considering, furthermore, the rarity of ammo.The player has also to climb walls and edges, and there again good decisions are important concerning the way to take. You can find rare and precious pitons scattered in maps to be used wisely when out of Stamina while climbing.A thing i liked is the ""Lives"" (called ""Retries"" in the game) concept that was the core of ancient era games. Helping gentle/friendly survivors will reward the player with a ""Retry"".Some are scattered in the maps like those precious 1-Up we were happy to find in the games previous generation.""I Am Alive"" has pleasant graphics and gameplay mechanics.A con of this game is a  frequent ""freeze & jerk"" cam little bug that never lasts more than a couple of seconds. No big deal here, even if a bit annoying.The key mapping is also particular considering that you shoot, interact and run with the same button : Left Mouse. Not really intuitive when familiar with L-Shift key to run and usual E/F (and sometimes Space) keys to interact.To conclude, this short but (in my opinion) good game has a realistic aspect that makes it interesting. There are challenges to take. However i would recommend to buy it in sale regarding the cons above and its short duration."
,Recommended,214250,7799351,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Vegan Atheist,"A rough hidden gem.(I beat this game originally on the PS3)Okay so it took Ubisoft: Shanghai 6 years to make the damn game and the age of it is immediately apparent.When I first laid my eyes on the game I could not believe the sight - the graphics were so horrendous that I died a little inside. I went on to adjust brightness and contrast to no avail; I could barely see any difference or improvement. The anti-aliasing in this game is about -2x or -4x, that's right MINUS. The jaggies are all over the place. The water is a mess. The textures are also extremely dated. I can't take screenshots on my PS3 (I could if the game was on Steam thank you very much) so I started taking photos with my phone and sharing it with my friend. He could not believe it either. Call me a spoiled PC gamer but the graphics really killed off a portion of immersion for me right off the bat. The graphics are below average, I am sure most console gamers will agree with me.However, one hour into the game and I was hooked. The civilization lays in ruins following a series of cataclysmic earthquakes and tsunamis; it's probably a pole shift. You arrive at the city in the search for your family with nothing but your back, some supplies, a flashlight and a camcorder (which is used for the cut scenes). Eventually get a machete, a gun, a shotgun and a bow. The game itself plays like a good survival movie. I've personally missed that genre for quite some time.If you venture too far out into the dust-filled streets your stamina and health will slowly drain so you always have to make sure that you have enough supplies to replenish your stamina and health lest you suffocate and die. About that dust...It's been a year since the event and the dust still hasn't settled. So on one hand it's intriguing to not be able to see further than 6 feet away and struggle to get your bearings but on the other hand this trick can be viewed as a cop out on the part of the developers since they obviously haven't put much effort into graphics. The sound is good though. I played without the music. I liked the dead silence of the dead city.You get to meet a total of 20 survivors in the game and help them out with supplies and other miscellaneous items so I advise you to save your supplies till the last and not use them until you meet someone who needs them. Helping every survivor will grant you an additional retry. This feature is helpful if you are playing on the survival mode which I heavily recommend for maximum immersion. Basically if you play on survival then you will be extremely cautions. And that's one of the biggest things that glued me to the game. It's that there is no trial and error here, you really have to think your moves ahead. I once got stranded on the other side of the mall and it took me my last two retries, most of my supplies and two pitons (used to rest while climbing) to find my way out. All in all, I spent about 30 minutes trying to find my way back in order to avoid starting the episode all over again.I am actually surprised that the devs managed to make climbing interesting. Uncharted was probably the first game to do so but this game implements much more realism and puzzle solving when it comes to that. You can play as Nathan Drake, hang on the ledge and then go make yourself a veggie sandwich. By the time you come back Drake will still be here, hanging on a cliff above the abyss. That won't happen in this game. There is a small cliffhanger almost every time you climb somewhere. You have to make out the path in your head and figure out if you'll have enough stamina to climb to your destination. Your stamina will start draining, the ominous music will set it and your palms might start getting sweaty in real life.As for the gameplay itself, well it delivers. When you aim you get the biggest, most ablest auto-aim I have ever seen in a video game. When you face the enemies you either have the choice of running, facing them head on, fooling them by attempting to do a surprise kill or subduing them by killing the leader of the gang. It's kind of like a checkers game. If you kill that one, then the two will rush you, if you kill that one then maybe you'll survive. If you try to rush the guy who has a gun with your machete then you will die. There are also a couple of stealth kills in the game. I have also exploited this trick to have the enemy AI shoot one of their own accidentally if you align yourself correctly. It worked every time and I saved myself health and ammo. About that ammo, yeah, the most bullets I was able to muster at one time in the game was 7 bullets.A few more things that hampered the immersion for me. You don't talk back to the survivors, ever, you just stand there and listen. The bodies of the slain enemies disappear unfortunately. Some food items mysteriously reappear in some locations. Many AI (a guy with harry potter glasses) reappear in the game. For a total of 50 something enemies they could easily made more AI models. You can also kill some peaceful civilians without any repercussions. Upon their imminent death they will likely curse you for taking their life when they meant you no harm. At one point in the game you may actually kill a kid's parents by mistake. The story was okay and I liked the bleak melancholic ending.All in all in took me 8 hours to beat the game.  The whole game takes place around only 4-6 square city blocks. The game also only occupies 2GB of hard drive space. Ubisoft could have really turned this into a franchise. They could easily make a sequel or a prequel but I guess it's not on their priority list."
,Recommended,214250,9571554,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,CorvusCorax,"I Am Alive was the very reason I started using the screenshot taking feature Steam offers. Probably most of the pictures I took were uploaded for this game only. I am still perplexed why people call this game ugly. It's environment is simply gorgeous. I look at the big picture here not tiny details such as not near perfect antialiasing or the highest HD textures available in current generation video games. Simply the city our protagonist arrives to looks stunning and depressing and superb. This desolate city is characterised by grey and white colours due to the fog, dust and toxic waste present and the beams of the sun shining through the sky are the most beautiful I have ever seen in a video game. Those being more expert in this area will probably challenge me - I have found this game visually stunning, regardless. I took numerous pictures especially when you climb the skyscrapers - those sequences are outstanding.Gameplay-wise I Am Alive is a rather difficult TPS game. Even a single enemy can easily kill you. You have melee weapons at your disposal and any firearms you have provide you only with limited ammo. You need to plan every single encounter very carefully. The only letdown when it comes to this game its shortness. It can be completed in 5 or 6 hours with all side missions completed and collectibles obtained. Still, it is forgivable considering the budget was rather low for this one and also it's easy to catch this gem at a discounted price."
76561198074661529,Recommended,214250,26153885,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Sniper Wolf,"I have so much I want to write about this game. I'll start with 'I love it', anyway, let's get that out of the way first.I am Alive had a long and problematic development cycle. At one stage, Ubisoft had intended to start a franchise with this game. I can see how it could have been as successful as Assassin's Creed or Far Cry. There are similarities to The Last of Us which of course became a huge success for, developer, Naughty Dog.The reality though, is that in the end the game was released, in a stripped down and relatively short state. It can be completed in around five hours but it does have a lot of replay value. There are achievements, which for some reason are not registered on Steam but can be found on the game's Main Menu screen.This game is a lot of fun, the combat sytem is unique, the climbing sequences are amazing and the game world is genuinely interesting. While I am playing, I can really see the potential I am Alive had to be just as successful as any other Ubisoft game. There are gameplay elements that were innovative at the time of it's release. I'd bet money that some major game developers have been influenced by this game. I think the combat system, though, is unique even to this day and it's really cool.However, I am Alive's tone is maybe a bit too miserable for most people, including myself. So what I did was, I turned off the depressing in game music and added a SweetFX profile for more colour. Technically, the game ran great for me on a GTX 980, running Windows 10, at a solid 60FPS. There are some low resolution textures and some dodgey lighting affects but the game looks great for the most part. The game world is dynamic and believable from the top of ruined sky scrapers, to down on the streets, below the killer dust.I am Alive is now one of my favourite games and in a way I'm glad the game ended up as it is, It's a hidden little gem, that most people over look, which just makes me love it even more.  I highly recommend that you give it a try!!"
,Not Recommended,214250,17965468,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Hobo,"I had really high hopes for this game. Before it came out, I remember seeing all kinds of press for it, screenshots of vast urban decay, hints of in-depth exploration, all the features that make a post-apocalypse fan salivate. Yet the hype for it died completely off after release, and I actually completely forgot it existed until I saw it on a Steam sale. I finally decided to pick it up and play it. Right from the start there were multiple things that bothered me. The game doesn't seem to want to go too far in any direction no matter what the choice is, and that makes it overall very bland right from the get-go. The game is incredibly linear, guiding you in a single direction and not letting you veer off the course, yet they have tiny outlets from your linear path where you can find consumable items and whatnot. It's not rewarding to get these though. There was virtually no effort put into finding it aside from ♥♥♥♥ing off somewhere that wasn't the objective and after a short 5 second walk it's sitting on the ground for you. Why didn't they have the ability to search for supplies? checking dumpsters, containers, or piles of debris would have added so much more to this than simply walking slightly left of where you were originally going to go. The interactions with the AI are just as linear as the exploration. There are two types of people in the game, the ""I'm just trying to survive, morally you shouldn't shoot me"" people and the ""I'm clearly up to no good, you shouldn't feel bad shooting me"" people. It makes it very cut and dry to be able to decide who to kill and who not to, and don't worry, if the game decides you shouldn't kill someone it does its best to prevent that. One of the first NPCs you meet in the game is a woman protecting her storefront/residence with a gun. If you walk in front of her, she'll point the gun at you and warn you to stay back. The game clearly wants you to just leave her alone and keep walking, but the game hints from the tutorial that you should have to make the choice yourself as to what you do in that situation. Yet in this situation, you have at most 1 round for your handgun, clearly dissuading you from shooting her. You have a machete, but due to her placement you can't sneak up to her for a stealth kill like you have just been taught how to do, and if you walk at her and try to kill her with it she immediately plugs you in the head and kills you. You're supposed to think ""Well duh, that's how it would be in real life"" but it is disappointing that they force that kind of situation on you with the facade of choice and moral decisions being involved when in actuality the game has forced your moral compass to point to ""Good"". This is just one of my many complaints about the game. The camera is horrible, switching between a free camera and being locked in certain angles that gets incredibly jarring. The combat is incredibly simple and redundant, as is the urban exploration with things like traversing obstacles, climbing ledges, hanging from pipes, etc.. The stamina meter built into the climbing is nothing more than, to use a cliche term, artificial difficulty. It's meant to add a sense of urgency, stress, or fear in the game, but yet they give you the simplest exploring mechanics of all time. All of it is incredibly safe. If you mess up an input, it's not like you fall to your death, you just sit there doing nothing. You can't fall off a ledge, there is no balancing on the beams as you cross them. It's meant to give you the feeling that it's dangerous, without actually giving the player any reason to be scared. All in all, the game is a major disappointment, and I can't say I would recommend it to anyone expecting an immersive or exciting game."
,Recommended,214250,25589911,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,RazorRamonHG,"If devs had more funding and backing to make this game bigger and polished, it could have been a phenomenal game like Last of Us. It shows lots of promises and very interesting to play, but game reaches the limit at that moment. Still worth your money though."
,Not Recommended,214250,14982992,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mostly...,"Biggest let down of a story/atmosphere driven game i've ever played.  It's fun-ish, pretty interesting and definitially different than the usual games out there, but their story writer needs to be shot.  Honestly and without hyperbole, this is a great story made terrible by (most likely) budget and time constraints.  More specificially, they just droped act 2 & 3 in favor of ""ps. hero did stuff and... CREDITS!""Summary:-- the story sucks... really badly. leaving a negative after taste (probably why all the bad reviews)- dont believe the marketing, its not ground breaking at all- can be rather clunkyBUT++ level design is really good!++ atmosphere+ combat is snazzy and differentRecommendation? While i cant say you SHOULD get the game, consider the following:While the value of the work put into the game is likely worth the list price ($15), the game net experience is worth around $9 - Use that advice however you wish."
,Recommended,214250,20180687,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,poxtops,"I Am Alive gives players a pure survival experience at a low price.It is a short game, easily completed in 6 hours or so if you run through it.The reason Im at 9 hours is simply because I wanted to explore more of the world and do some little side quests that there is very little reward for.However, dont be fooled, this is abeautiful gameI Am Alive thrusts you into the role of a lone survivor in a believable, dark and insecure post-apocalyptic world. One year after the Event, a worldwide cataclysmic event that wiped most of the human race, a man struggles for survival in a desolate city as he tries to reunite with his long lost wife and daughter.Pros+ I Am Alive is brutal; gripping; captivating; depressing; miserable; and almost always utterly brilliant.+ Storytale & development of both character and storyline is amazing+ Emotional rollercoasterCons- Linear game- Short- A game without a concluded ending"
,Recommended,214250,28740450,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Ubisoft ShanghaiPublishers:UbisoftInitial release:Sept 2012Genre:Action, Lite Survival, Adventure#Worth/NotWorth:#WaitForSaleBSERC- (Borderline Sardonic and Extremely Reductive Comparison): “Not” Nathan Drake in off brand Fallout/generic post apocalypse, Consistent in having a dearth of color saturation and an unruly grip meter. Think Shadow of the Colossus except it gets worse instead of better as Solid Snake and/or Raiden would attest to.Exposition, Concurrence and SummationI am Aliveis.. well it's not great. But it isn't the worst way to spend your time either. You play as Carlo Mestroni attempting to find his family after [the event]. It is never made entirely clear what, how, why, or indeed even when the world has become this way. It just is, so deal with it.Early on, Carlo finds some purpose in aiding a child he mistakes as his daughter. Without going too far down the story path; She is very important to the goings on and the objectives that will befall you. I mention this only to inform that she is not a hindrance as in there is no “true” escort mission. This isn't Resident Evil 4. She is attached to you for most intents and purposes and cannot die unless you do.The survival aspect of the game comes from needing to manage your grip meter and health. If you stay on ledges too long or over exert yourself you'll find that your overall ability to stay on non flat surfaces decreased. Throughout the environment you'll find some items that can restore your health, energy as well as replenish your overall capacity for overexertion. There is also the dust mechanic. Wherein being too low in elevation where the dust has still not settled it is impossible to recover any energy and you must get to higher ground to do so; This can lead to some tense if not annoying sequences of trying to figure out where to go whilst trying not to use all your gear and resources.The main loop and danger of the game comes from traversal. Very tense music plays when low on energy and it can be quite nerve racking. The other side of the game is dealing with other survivors. Some hostile immediately, others just scared. The combat is not especially great. It is indeed quite functional however stilted though it may be. It consists of holding a pistol up to threaten would be assailants. And then kick them off of edges or into fires and so forth. You must keep you gun trained on all the enemies lest they take advantage of your indecision. Perhaps they may even suggest you've not got the gall. If you relax, you can trick the enemies into coming closer and surprise kill them. This is one aspect that feels great. As during their approach you must quickly ascertain which if any other members of the group have a firearm. And take them out as soon as possible after your surprise kill. It can feel very tactical and systematic especially when ammo is scarce.The game relies on retries or continues if you will. And you can earn more through helping or aiding the non enemy combatants you'll run into. The main city you'll revisit throughout the campaign so you'll get slightly accustomed to it as well as come back for people you were not able to aid before.As you may expect you eventually earn things that make traversing the dust less annoying. As well as other things that make running out of energy less of an issue. But they are near the end of the game and you don't really get to use them much. The game is about five-ish hours in total.THE GISTThe game draws a lot of small features from numerous sources and puts it into a relatively poorly executed package. However, for the right sale price I think those ideas are worth checking out.Follow my curation for more"
,Not Recommended,214250,33406821,Posted: 9 July,all,peremptor,"Just another lackluster, mediocre, lazy console port in the action adventure genre that not only submits you to lame quicktime type events but also likes to crash at a moment's notice. Avoid. Rather generic even without having to put up with the aforementioned aggravations."
,Recommended,214250,12424499,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Lab5Cego,"Although there are some flaws, the game is extremelly enjoyable, and as its price is very low now, it is a good catch.Pros:The designers created a truly horrific atmosphere: the game has scenes of sexual abuse, cannibalism and bleak morality, alhtough none of them are gratuitousGood design: the game uses brutality to inform its simple mechanics.You have to scale buildings, using windowsills and drainpipes for handholds, to achieve your objectives, and all those actions are tense because of your limited stamina - if your stamina reaches zero, you will fall to your death. So, the game forces you to use your resources at the right time or you will fail.The game's setting – an American city, with all its skyscrapers cracked and its streets empty save for abandoned, rusting roadblocks.Combat is tense too. Your char will always be short of ammunition, but will be facing large groups of enemies. Because of this setup, you will be forced to use surprise and your environment to survive. (as an example, in one of the encounter one of the best solutions is to slice the throat of the first person to get too close, then pull a gun on the remaining bandits and force them to back up against a ledge before kicking them to their deaths).The bow and its two arrows (believe me, this one deserves the praise - you will be using it a lot)Cons:Because you face so many enemies from middle to the end of the game, you will end up repeating the same encounter many times, always following the same routine: surprise kill, shoot, ledge kick, etc.The climbing, while tense, can become a grind, specially in the beginning of the game.The ending: it seems the game was finished midway of its story. So, the main reason of the character going all the hardships will not be answered."
,Not Recommended,214250,32824130,Posted: 26 June,all,Venom Dax,"Great concept, poorly ported pc port."
,Not Recommended,214250,8448183,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Dravvad,"Terribly disappointing. Really, really disappointing.There are some games that, when I see them, I get hooked and tend to ignore most bad reviews. Sometimes, that is a wise choice, as I have found MANY games that I've loved that had terrible reviews all around. But other times, that is a terrible move, as the reviews are true.In this case, the bad reviews are true. I am Alive is, well, terrible.I was hooked since the first trailer ever released, and I never played it until now. Now, I wish I hadn't. I didn't want to just drop the game, as I hate doing that, so I just tried to play through as quickly as possible, ignoring the in-game achievements. Thankfully there are no Steam achievements, as I would hate to see the partial completion in that.Anyway, to the point: Don't buy this game. The controls are horrible. Getting a controller helps, but it's still wonky. The combat is no good. You can sneak attack someone, which is cool at first, but it wears off. Besides that, you can shoot people but ammo is TERRIBLY scarce. I understand that this game is survivalist, but your guy has been out there forever, and he begins the game with like a water bottle and that's it.The only other way to fight is with your knife. If the combat was more action-oriented, then it would have been better. Instead, you're usually screwed when fighting gangs. Your only knife attack (besides the sneaking one to get the first edge-up) is to run up to someone's face and proceed into a button-mashing event while you're left open to all other baddies. Your guy can't just stab and slash in an active manner. Instead, he can only lock his knife with the other guy and sit there while being shot. And each time he's shot, the event has to be restarted.Therefore, combat is terrible. It should have been more fluid and action-oriented.And as for the climbing... God, such a pain. I liked what they were trying to do at first, but then got over it quickly. Again, it's a survivalist game, but it is just too much. You have a fatigue meter which, when you lose enough fatigue, also will lose its capacity. If you don't have items to restore capacity, you're screwed and usually find yourself in a vicious circle of needing to find items which require either (a) ammo to shoot a lock or (b) you to climb somewhere. But chances are you're looking for ammo already, or you're looking for an item to help you climb. So often you're forced to restart places or re-attempt entire sections.And the graphics--they look like someone digitalized sawdust and filtered it through the imagery. The game can still look ugly and apocalyptic without looking... THAT kind of ugly.There's more issues, as I found many glitches along the way, the story was lackluster, and on and on and on.Overall, I was terribly disappointed. Do not play this game."
,Not Recommended,214250,23718083,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Flavvy,"I Am AliveIt's a tough call but ultimately, I just can't recommend this game. If you push through the first couple of hours like I did, you may find something worth actually seeing the game through to the end. But I'd argue that that would be working too hard for something that's supposed to be fun and enjoyable from the get-go.Pros:Tends to get slightly better as you progress;Interesting resource-based strategic combat system;Scarce resources do add a sense of pressure to decision making in Survivor mode;Stamina brings a bit of welcome tension to free climbing;Good voice acting for the most part;Decent soundtrack;Cons:A lot of original ideas that were poorly executed;Overly linear progression focused on climbing;The Fog adds to the mood but hampers the will to explore;Helping people ends up feeling like a chore;Dated graphics and animations, coupled with frame rate issues;Frustrating controls and immersion-breaking game prompts;Constant tension-building music indicator when using stamina gets old really fast."
76561197995224666,Recommended,214250,34618897,Posted: 30 August,all,Overseer,"I've read some reviews that criticize the difficulty of combat in this game. I Am Alive doesn't want you to fight; it wants you to SURVIVE. Perhaps it doesn't do enough to illustrate this point, but just like critically acclaimed Outlast or Amnesia, combat is not your friend. This game was one of the first high-profile games that puts the player in highly vulnerable situations. It requires a different mindset. You are not a soldier. You are not a superhero. You do not have any advantages over the other humans in the game. If you are outnumbered, you will lose. If you try to have shootout after shootout, you will lose. If you try to go toe to toe with an opponent that is bigger, stronger and tougher, you will lose. Play smart: Avoid. Intimidate. SURVIVE!"
,Recommended,214250,17844225,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Antwog,"I Am Alive is actually a very refreshing and entertaining game.- Through the dusty city in fictional city Haverton in America, there was a backstory known as 'The Event', that apparently was a bunch of earthquakes, though the backstory of post-apocalyptic essentially is present. The story is a series of events that occur in Haverton, which I must admit use a variety of buildings and adventures in order to fulfill the objectives, refreshing. The overall story is powerful through emotionally engaging with characters, for example, Mei and her mother. The story does tend to rush at the end as that could have been spaced out, though I will admit the ending is very strong and I was completely shocked by the ending. Oh, its a cliffhanger too.- The graphics are beautiful in the game. For a 2012 game, they are at a high standard for that point in time. Speaking of Ubisoft, in 2012 they had a high standard of graphics in each game they released, which was their year in relation to graphics. The atmosphere and environment and the day/night dynamic is excellent graphically, though there could be some more day/night variations.- The gameplay is solid. I do like the motions of the character and how he engages with the environment, which I felt was again for a lack of better word, refreshing, though different to other post-apocalyptic games. These same motions however, could be expanded a lot more. For example, if your character is on the ground, your stamina will deplete due to heavy dust that will affect it and eventually your health. The character walks basically like he is having a stroll as if there was minimal dust. To combat this, more diversity in actually producing motions when in the heavy dust could add a further dynamic to the gameplay. Stamina added a new dynamic to the game, which I appreciated. I liked the fact that this element suggested planning more so you as a player wouldn't deplete your stamina as fast as if you just went out there, so it was nice. I did love the element of preserving your bullets, as they could come in at handy times. There are a limited number of bullets in the game, and you do need them, though thats why planning is essential.Regarding crooks and other gang members, I loved that element in the game, though it did get repeatitive as it was too basic. So everytime you walked up to a crook, you would have to kill him essentially, no reasoning, nothing, just plain old re-shooting the guy, whilst good, repeatitive. The camera control is an absolute pain. For example, whilst on a cliff and you look at the scenery and attempt to plan what portions of the building you have to climb, the camera will literally screw you up by making you deplete stamina because the camera was not facing the direction your player was moving at.- There were bugs regarding graphics and gameplay that could have been ironed out, and balancing regarding camera control would have been appreciated. It didn't overly affect the game, but it was noticeable. Not as bad as some games I'll mention. Here are my pros/cons based off this review...Pros:- Strong story and backstory.- Beautiful graphics.- Day/Night dynamic, Atmosphere, and Environment are very good.- Solid gameplay.- Lovely balance overall.Cons:- Rushed ending to story.- Day/Night could have been used more to enhance particular missions, apparently according to the main character near the end, the entire sequence of events happened in a day...- Vague, but gameplay could be expanded upon.- Bugs.Overall, I Am Alive is a good game. It has its positives and negatives, however it has a very good foundation to build upon. The gameplay was solid, though it was basic for this genre and could have been more diverse to enhance the game. The story was strong, and the graphics were great. I do recommend this game at $17.99, however it is you, the readers, choice because I played this game on easy mode (there are 3 or 4 levels of difficulty) and it took me 8 hours to complete the game. So expect at least 10+ hours if you do the side-quests as well, as in help the surviviors. I did this partially (7/20). Score: 7.5/10EDIT: I forgot to mention, dialogue is excellent in the game. Every set of people, be it main characters or thugs had dispirate dialogue, enhancing the game. I loved that aspect. Since I forgot to mention that, I'll bump my score from 7.25-7.5/10.EDIT 2: This game lets you run your mind run wild on what happened to Haverton, what happened at the ending. It leaves a lot of aspects open for interpretation which works for this game. I forgot to mention, this game sometimes can feel like a chore to play, but personally that is what happened to me when I raged that I kept dying in the dust :p----Thanks for reading my review! If you like my reviews and care to read more, feel free to join Antwog's Analysis (Reviews).http://steamcommunity.com/groups/AntwogReviewsIf you have questions comment below or post in Antwog's Analysis (Reviews) general discussion page. If you liked it, give it a rating."
76561198000378204,Recommended,214250,8071178,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Kyp,"Really nice and original little game. Not very long and a quite forgetable story, but a very interesting gameplay (may it be the fights or the platforming). The survival aspect really stands out. Fot its price, it's well worth it.Must be played in its highest difficulty level !Un petit jeu très sympa et fort original. Pas très long et l'histoire est loin d'être géniale, mais I Am Alive tire son épinge du jeu en ce qui concerne le gameplay (que ce soit les phases de plateforme ou les combats). Le meilleur coté du jeu, c'est l'aspect ""survival"", extrèmement bien exécuté. Pour ce prix, ça vaut largement le coup.Par contre, pour vraiment apprécier, il faut jouer au niveau de difficulté le plus élevé."
,Not Recommended,214250,21604775,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Jack Muskrat,"In my opinion, this game missed out on so much. You're brought into a world/environment that could be rife with background and stories but somehow they manage to leave you (or me, at least) feeling both wanting to know more about it and also not caring about what is told about what happened. A lot fo the comments about whatever took place feel like a passing explanation - as if no thought has been put into it and just trying to brush it off.The main character's story/search feels COMPLETELY dismissed for 95% of the game. I can understand being a character that wants to help people but when it comes to the point of getting home and not finding what you wanted, right there it seems to be thrown onto the backburner. The character says now and then ""Oh I'm here doing this"" - NO YOU'RE NOT! You get thrown on everyone else's errands. When it does loop back to the point he is going to continue onto his search, I found I just couldn't care less anymore.When it comes to the controls, they just seem...off. I kept finding myself climbing down onto ledges without meaning to, not being able to jump down or climb up when I NEEDED to - leading to me dying. Or aiming at an enemy and suddenly it aims at the one without the gun, or on one occassion I found I died because while trying to aim at a particular enemy the auto-aim just kept looping through the FOUR that were closing in on me. And it's so very repetitive! There's so much climbing that it just ends up with no tension as your stamina decreases because you've seen/heard it a million times, and it just feels like a chore. I thought things would get more interesting when they brought in the rope-swing but found it only gets used a couple of times, and then it's so stiff and lifeless that it just sucks you out of the game further.I've actually recorded this as a series on my YT channel and the honest reason I continued it until the end was how ridiculous it was trying to do anything. Parts were rage-inducing, but mostly it was laughable at how stupid it all seemed. I'm glad I played through it just so I know how rubbish I found it, but I would recommend others to just go onto YouTube and watch it. Or if you are going to buy it, make sure it's on one hell of a sale."
76561198083938339,Recommended,214250,26140063,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Mog,"The game was good for its time. It came out on March 7, 2012. The Last of Us came out on June 14, 2013. Some people say this game is a wannabe of The Last of Us, but I do not see how that is possible. The storylines and gameplay are different from one another. What I like the best about the game was that you had to think about how you were going to take down your enemies with limited supplies. I did not like seeing the stamina gauge at the top of the screen during every second of gameplay. I would have liked it to show only when in use. I played this game on Windows 8 with no problems. I wish there was sequal to this game with updated game play. Achievments/trophies  are not supported by Steam, but there is a trophy system in the game itself. The Playstation 3 version does support trophies."
,Recommended,214250,23703134,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,The Horror Network | Embalmer,"When you think of developer/publisher Ubisoft, you don't typically think of post-apocalyptic survival games. I Am Alive was originally under development by Darkworks from 2003-2007, before Ubisoft Shanghai stepped in and took the reins and completed the project. It was then released for Xbox Live Arcade, Playstation Network, and PC in 2012.It has been one year since ""The Event"" happened in North America, and the world is a war-torn dystopian place that is filled with deadly gangs and deranged psychopaths who will stop at nothing to slaughter you for your few worldly possessions. You take the role of an unnamed lone male survivor, who has set out to find his daughter Mary and wife Linda in their hometown of Haventon. Very early in the game you arrive at your old apartment, only to discover that your family has fled to safety. While you play the game in a mostly third-person perspective, the cutscene events are told through the man's camcorder where he films himself at various intervals. The plot further unfolds by helping other survivors by supplying them with items that they need, and in exchange you receive bits and pieces of the story.There is a heavy emphasis on climbing as the main game mechanic. You have two bars atop your screen; the one to the left is your stamina meter, and the one to the right indicates your health. Everything but walking in I Am Alive requires the use of stamina; running, climbing, staying still while climbing, and even fighting. If you do any of these things for too long, and your stamina depletes entirely, you will have a quick-time-event (QTE) prompt which you must keep mashing in order not to fall. However, this QTE will not last forever, and when time is up and you are not in a safe location, you will fall to your death. Upon reaching the QTE, your stamina capacity diminishes, and you must consume varying food and drink to recover it.There are also sections that are filled heavily with dust, as The Event keeps causing earthquakes that constantly stir up soot, ash, plaster, and other debris from the destroyed urban landscape. These dust filled areas cause your stamina to continually drain, until you can climb up out of the dust cloud to recover. It's these sections that are incredibly time consuming to traverse, and it's very difficult to be on the lookout for survival items as the density of the dust cloud causes severely weakened visibility. It can be very frustrating at times, especially if you've lost your bearings (despite the map that you're equipped with), or do not have any items to recover your stamina. However, it's the key element that drives the exploration and survival factor of the overall game.Emphasized as a secondary mechanic, fighting can at times also be tedious. While you spend the rest of the game roaming around in third-person view, when you draw your bow or gun you are thrown into first-person; this can be a little disorienting at first, and you need to make sure that you know who you are aiming at prior to engaging in combat. If you aim at an enemy with a gun, he will undoubtedly shoot first and ask questions later, Many a death has been attributed to not realizing if a foe has a gun or not, as from a distance the texture and model is indistinguishable. There are also areas where you will encounter groups of enemies, some of which will appear out of nowhere behind you. Bullets are a precious and invaluable commodity, and reservation of ammunition use is highly advised. Many times you may be better off simply hacking the gang members apart with your machete, although you'll only succeed in this manner in a one-on-one standoff.The aforementioned gameplay focuses bring me to talk about the Retry system. If you're playing on a difficulty beyond that of Easy, you will use up one Retry for every death you take. You gain Retries by successfully completing an area, and helping out other survivors. If you run out of Retries, you have to start again from the beginning of the entire chapter. This can cause the 4-6 hours of normal game time to extend even further, depending on just how agile and cautionary your play style is. Even for a 2012 title, the graphics are exceedingly sub-par for the time period. They look about as good as the end-generation of games for the Playstation 2, and remind me very much of Resident Evil 4. Though given the price and length of the game, this minor fault can easily be forgiven and overlooked. There's also not really much of a soundtrack to talk about, unless you count the very annoying stamina meter depletion warning music.I Am Alive is, all in all, a solid older post-apocalyptic adventure game. The climbing sections are just as strenuous as they are enjoyable, and while the combat may be overwhelming at times, it really is satisfying to kick enemies off ledges, into fire, and put an arrow through someones eye socket. The controls can, at times, be a little wonky and hard to work with, but once you get the hang of it, you won't want to put this title down until you finish it. Other reviewers have claimed that they've experienced crashes with the title, but I never experienced any issues whatsoever. This one is highly worth checking out, but I would advise to wait for a decent discount or a price drop.Rating:4.0/5.0- Excellent, highly worth playing.The Horror NetworkCurator|GroupClick for Gore"
76561197995415348,Not Recommended,214250,25912155,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,anoyinguncle,"The checkpoint system is frustrating, the controls don't always work and the framerate dropped a few times on a modern pc,There is exactly one colour, contrast is so turned down that it made my eyes hurt and tetris had better textures.I really liked theoriginal trailer, but this is a completely different, inferior game.Most importantly it felt like punishment to play it."
,Not Recommended,214250,32523771,Posted: 17 June,all,WildKarrde,"Game keeps crashing on me, forcing me to repeat 10-15 minute segments at a time. Now I remember why I stopped playin it before... guess I'll never find out if I would have liked this game or not. It's a shame, the gameplay seems pretty solid."
,Not Recommended,214250,17205563,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,wake 'n' cake,The game appears to offer quite a lot yet once you've completed the game you're sitting there wondering if the creators are being serious. For the price of the game you don't really get much value for gameplay HOWEVER the detailing and level design are of some desirable quality.I personally don't recommend this game for the full price. Unless you're loaded with cash...
76561198029256999,Not Recommended,214250,15312495,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,The Messenger,"I'm not really sure if I should recommend this game or not.To me, This game was incredible in design and mechanics. The trailer versus the end result did leave me wanting though, I expected a bit, no, alot more.This is an unfinished game to say the least, it won't take you more than a few hours to complete, and once you do, you don't feel like you did anything really, it's not an open world game, HAH! you wish.The only hint you get as to what happens when this is all done, is that your character is 85% dead, and 15% Missing in action.Not a good ending for an otherwise decent game. I just wish the game had an open world, and was a little more fleshed out, as well as having a dynamic day-and night cycle, but nope.It's been a few years since this game came out, so let my in-game time speak for itself, i completely finished this games storyline.... Three times. sooooo, 23 divided with 3? That makes a little more than 7 hours per playthrough.8 hours is the average minimum playsession For a person like me, take a guess how I felt after beating this game the same day I bought it. Not very pleased.Now then, as for mechanics? there's alot of nice aspects here, but also alot of pit-falls. You'd think your character could climb stuff, right? Nope, only when it's an obvious spot. If you can't obviously see the spot to climb, you can't climb it. And even then, it doesn't feel natural.E V E R Y T H I N G that happens in this game is scripted to happen, down to even the ''loot'' you can find, oh, and it doesn't appear to respawn either, if it does, i've been too quick doing the quests in this game, since there was literally nothing else to do.combat is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ that's all I can say. I can't really remember it well, but I don't think your character can swing his weapon at all, if he can, it's so slow that any enemy can just interrupt you. And ammo is so scarce, that you'll want to save it till the last part.You are going to die ALOT int this game, and 75% of your deaths, are going to be cheap shots. with about half of those cheap shots being developer created pitfalls in the climbing areas in this game.So, what can I say? I don't recommend this game, had it been longer, maybe. If they had made this an open world game, and added sidequests? Definitely.But as it stands, I can't say yes to this game, not for this price, wait for it to go on sale. It's definitely something you'll want to try, but don't spend your hard earned cash expecting this to be a revelation of some sort. It's not."
,Not Recommended,214250,34398891,Posted: 21 August,all,Qu4tr0,I wish I wasn't.
,Not Recommended,214250,30942641,Posted: 4 April,all,juantheplumber,"Great concept and a lot of good ideas but poorly executed. It is short and feels unfinished, linear and it gets extremely frustrating due to its worst-ever save point system. Some save points are one minute apart whilst others are almost half an hour of gameplay away. The combat system looked promising but in the end it is a pain as well as repetitive."
,Not Recommended,214250,19227395,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,sir adrie,"This is a beautiful game. The controls are a little tacky, but you get used to them pretty fast and the atmosphere is absolutely beautiful.However, fights are relatively dull and repetitive, and the game is so short I wouldn't recommend it at this price tag. If you've got buttons of money, go for it. Otherwise, you'd best be off playing a different game."
,Recommended,214250,25320215,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,"""Bob"" the Space Cadet","I Am Alive kind of makes you feel like you're an urban post-apocalyptic Tomb Raider that can climb almost as well as Lara Croft, but you don't have the stamina or the tight buns to make climbing as enjoyable. In fact climbing can be be stressful because of the stamina mechanic, but it does provide a nice challenge in a game that is more survival oriented than a treasure hunting puzzle solving game. Everything except walking will drain your stamina - climbing, running, executing, walking through dust... Don't worry though, you recover stamina quickly, and if you find yourself in a scenario where you can't stop and rest, just keep drinking soda and you'll find all the energy you'll need to get through.The idea they used where you can have a stand-off by pointing a gun (even when it's empty) to make people keep their distance, or even make them surrender, is nice, but it almost always plays out so that they will call you chicken and attack you anyway, which is kind of frustrating given that bullets are hard to come by. Also, you'll take a little girl under your care so it's not just yourself you need to worry about, but apart from some story missions about getting her medicine, she doesn't really need anything to keep her alive. You don't have to feed her or give her water, the only problem is that you have to piggy back her around which means you can't run - but you can still jump and climb so whatever, it's better than having a hopeless NPC follow you around and messing up your mission.I wasn't terribly impressed by the graphics, and a lot of the time you're just in a grainy black and white dust storm which suits the story, but it's a bit overdone. It's still holding up fairly well for a game from 2012, but it's probably getting close to it's best before date.Works well with an Xbox 360 controller.7 out of 10. Would drink more soda in a dust storm."
,Recommended,214250,32206504,Posted: 5 June,all,birdy,"I feel a bit iffy about giving this game a positive review but i feel like its still worth playing even if it is frustrating,you can really see that this game had a troubled development which is a shame because it's so close to being a really good game, the game is super short i beat it with 88% completion in less than 6 hours and it ends abruptly and without any closeure, the combat system is really close to being good aswell ammo is scarce and makes you really consider if you want to use it or not sadly the enemies don't have this issue and will shoot you without hesitation forcing you to use resources you would rather save, it would be nice if you could stealth around and avoid people or kill them with your machete but sadly this isn't an option. also you can clearly see big hulking mutated men that look like chargers from left 4 dead walking around in the city but this is never explained and you can't actually interact with them which makes me wonder why they are there in the first place.as i said this game comes so close to being good that it makes it all the more sad that it isn't but it is still worth playing especially if you can pick it up in a sale"
76561197992990479,Recommended,214250,16713950,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Rotaxhippie,"I explore games thoroughly and take my time. I still only got 14 hours worth of play, and that is with 49 deaths. Why so many deaths? Because the combat system is difficult and dull. Recommended for its environment mainly.Pros:- post apocalyptic- be a savior- many heights to scale and descend- lack of resourcesCons:- had to install an earlier drivers set for Nvidia, 314.22 or prior. I used 185.81. New drivers had texture popping.- combat- checkpoints, no saves- still graphic errors after installing older drivers- unfinished game and story- fell short of the trailer way back when, like many games"
,Recommended,214250,11893874,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,`'sinthètyQ,"First off despite its flaws I think I Am Alive is a pretty epic post apocalyptic survival experience unlike anything I've ever played before. For a budget game it has mostly exceeded my expectations by managing to perfectly encapsulate the scarcity of resources and that dusty, ruble-y ruined post apocalyptic world setting. Though my favorite aspect of the game would have to be the mind games you're forced to play with your enemies. Imagine having to shoot the biggest guy in the group with your bow in hopes of getting the smaller ones to surrender, then whipping out your handgun with 0 ammo in order to intimidate the remaining foes just so you can retrieve your only arrow from the corpse to kill off some more scavengers with it. Secondly its a console port with a weird♥♥♥♥♥control scheme, sure you can rebind the keys but its still felt pretty weird, I think its best played with a controller although you'll most likely be fine with kb/m and Thirdly I did not experience any performance issues with it at all, it ran at a constant 60fps all the way through, the only problem is that its locked at 60 even with vsync off and editing the config file did not unlock the buttery smooth 144hz experience.noUplayFTW /10"
,Not Recommended,214250,26594248,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,D3nni,"About The GameHere's 5 hours of my life that I'll never get back. I managed to put off buying this game and avoiding all spoilers for about 4 years now. After finishing the game, I kinda wish I had saved my $3.75 and watched a playthrough instead.When it comes Ubisoft games, it's either a hit and miss for me. I Am Alive, unfortunately, falls under the ""miss"" category. For a game that brings such an interesting atmosphere and mechanics to the table, if fails to execute on them.The PC port is also horrendous. Good luck having a smooth playthrough playing an any OS that's beyond Windows 7. Playing on Windows 10, I encountered several crashes upon reaching a checkpoint, some of which, caused me to start the entire level over.Story SpoilersThe story does not quite make any sense to me. The main character is somewhere on the east coast to begin the game. After some sort of apocalypse, where humanity is nearly brought to the brink of extinction; think The Walking Dead, but instead of zombies, it's dust, earthquakes, and famine; he spends the better part of a year walking across the US to find his wife and daughter back at home on the west coast. The entire time, he has a camcorder that he uses to document his adventure. During several cutscenes, you can see someone watching the videos in what appears to be current time, so all of this takes place in the past. Upon arriving back in his hometown of Haventon, he finds the city in ruin, yet he still expects his family to be sitting at home waiting for him. After surprisingly finding that they're not there, he comes across a lost girl roaming the streets. Among all the thugs roaming the streets that will shoot you on sight, he takes it upon himself to help the little girl out. Long story short, the little girl has lost her mother, whom you have to rescue, from what I take is a newly established apocalypse brothel. So while you're busy doing fetch quests for other people, you seem to have forgotten about your mission of finding your own family. After about 4-5 hours, the game kinda ends anticlimactically. You get the girl and her mother to safety. It cuts back to the camcorder again and finally zooms out, where what seems to be your wife(?) is watching it while crying, all the while all your gear and whatnot is on a table behind her, which brings me to the assumption that the main character is dead. There is no secret/alternate ending that can be unlocked, as far as I know. Lost had a better ending that this.VerdictI Am Alive was suppose to be a franchise that would stand alongside Far Cry and Assassin's Creed. But after it horrendoues development cycle of delays and being scrapped, we're left with this. Ubisoft managed to scrap the entire full retail version, but later decided to bring it back as what is basically an XBL Arcade game. After it's all said and done, I'd recommend saving your money by not purchasing this game. If you're still truly interested in it, then watch a playthrough on YouTube.4/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,360973,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,LIKEUCARE,"I Am Alive... or Am I Dead?Ok, game that was in development for a really long time. Heck it was announced at E3 2008 and the game had been shadowing the gaming industry for a long while; even having rumors of cancellation. Alas, it finally got out on consoles at first, then on PC in September 2012.So what is this game? You play as some dude, returning to Havington, a year later after some ""EVENT"" occured. No info about what the event is... So you head to that city to find your lost wife and daughter only to stumble upon an asian kid and her mother. Then you go around and try to keep them safe while fighting some other survivors that made gangs.PROS:-The setting is nice, dust everywhere so the cataclismic feel is there.-Ambiance, sounds, voice acting and even the graphics are decent.-Inventory management-Decent action and can threat enemies with empty gunCONS:-Poor checkpoint system-Poor ""retry mode"" system that if you die and out of ""retries"", you restart till last checkpoint.-Mouse look in this game is atrocious and even freeze often-Exploration is pointless as you need to go into toxic street levels that drains your stamina, only to find soda cans that replenish stamina.-Very linear.-Gangs only agressive vs you and not other gangs.-Crap ending.Worth buying?ONLY at discount! I Am Alive can provide you a good 5-7 hours of playtime... more if you seek to help every refugees.RATING: 5 / 10===SPOILER ALERT===The final cinematic of the game ends with a character crying. There is a good reason for that – I Am Alive is such a waste of a great concept."
,Recommended,214250,22658364,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,David0vić,"A short solid game that is worth playing. Even though the voice acting and writing is awful the story itself is enough to get you invested. The story itself is not very good but the theme and premise of a post apocolyptic future and you saving a little girl even though it's very cliche, it's a cliche that works and gets people invested. Interesting gameplay and objectives keep the game going for its short length.6/10 (Decent)"
,Not Recommended,214250,15517031,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,"[REDi]1R MAJ princecoo [A,D,ds]","This is a stick-up simulator, only more bleak and depressing, and you're a gunman with palsy who can't see where he's going most of the time. Truly riveting game."
,Recommended,214250,11424723,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,routeshell,"I was really impressed by this game. It's immense atomsphere of post-apocalyptic city with no usual zombies aboard just made me forget about all the weak spots (and there are lots of them). Really deep immersion into the setting. You feel alone, scared and depressed all the time. As I already mentioned there are no zombies or aliens or any other fictional stuff. It is a sad grey quest through desolated concrete jungle filled with murderers, rapists and few normal people who are mostly busy with... well, dying. Some gameplay mechanics (such as stamina loss when climbing or suffocating on the bottom levels covered with dust) came out to be very good ideas for making the game closer to real life. Lack of supplies makes it more challenging - you won't be running around with pockets full of different types of ammo and various goods.However, if we speak about the tech part, I Am Alive is far from perfect. I would say that the graphics are very avearge for a product of 2012. It feels more like a game of 2008. The makers did pretty bad job for a product that has been in development for like 5 or 6 years. Sometimes it felt like the they didn't put much effort in this title (especially when everyone were waiting for The Last of Us which came out a year later).Anyway, I do recommend this game for anyone who likes post-apocalyptic settings. It has a unique atmosphere and is definitely worth trying."
,Not Recommended,214250,31008461,Posted: 7 April,all,Danger Dave,"I Am Alive starts off well but slowly goes down hill.It's a mixed bag with a lot to like but also a lot to dislike, the game is short and lacks replayability.It gives the illusion of being an Open World but is completely linear, never really fully exploiting its setting.NPCs are a bit meh, you're forced to basically kill most people that you meet, nothing you do really matters, and the story ends abruptly on a cliffhanger.Its not an awful game but it is awful that it seems so close to being a good game if it had a bit more direction given to it during development.I would recommend either getting Deadlight instead or buying this game when its heavily discounted."
,Recommended,214250,29136778,Posted: 9 January,all,Rocketpants,"This game is really good, one of a handful of games I've ever played that really surprised me. You can read more in-depth reviews by others, I'll just say that I Am Alive is not really like anything else you've ever played before.It has two gameplay elements that really got me hooked - one is the climbing, which is not anything like Tomb Raider or Uncharted. It is puzzle solving and stamina management and sometimes incredibly tense. The other thing I loved is the rarity of bullets - you get maybe a handful throughout the entire game and so you are forced into situations where you might use your single bullet to kill one enemy in the hopes it scares the hell out of the other two that were with him. It might work or it might not. You never get into firefights, you get into very intense standoffs and any hesitation on your part will get you killed.Cons? The game looks like trash, ends very suddenly and is quite liniar. It's not Fallout. But I was very impressed by the gameplay ideas the devs of I Am Alive had and it's too bad the game didn't get more critical success. I would have loved to see a sequel with a better budget."
76561197993148993,Recommended,214250,26178455,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,zububu,"game has a good atmosphere.enjoyable game play.not all situations should be handled with shoot 1st ask questions later.nice environment.in other words, the main problem is the ending is unfinished.... been waiting for chapter 2 or something that didnt come."
76561197986154583,Recommended,214250,26276134,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,LORDJim,"It's clunky and it's funky....This game is great.But it remains the  sketch of a great game; conjugate elements of tomb raider,with a compelling  narative, any zombie-free post apocalyptic scenario and almost Dark Souls exigence (you will die alot) and then go no further than the first beta and there you have it: ""I am Alive"" but only just. Could have been so cool, perhaps the project will be resurrected with equal mesures of cash and desire, a sort of Lazarus double plus good.Until then I play, am occasionally surprised, and enjoy; it is ,after all , a game."
,Not Recommended,214250,26324663,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Mc Royal Bacon,"**WINDOWS 10 USERS BEWARE DO NOT GET THIS GAME**Dont know if this is a port thing, but this game runs at maximum 30fps if the settings are on 1280x720 and the other settings do not matter. If you put it up to 1920x1080 you will get 10fps and it will not be playable at all.My specs are i7 6600k, GTX 970m, 8gb RAM"
76561198004282144,Not Recommended,214250,2222830,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,CuNaMo,"This game is good for about the first hour... then it quickly becomes apparent that NOTHING will get better. ""I Am Alive"" hides some serious issues underneath a beautiful atmosphere, and honestly I didn't catch them at first.Atmosphere/DesignI am a huge fan of post-apocalypic and survival games. Give me an ugly waste land, a single can of beans, and a stick and I'm in heaven. The atmosphere is probably the best thing about this game: cars are overturned and rusted from years of abandonment, buildings are crumbling with most of their windows broken out, the streets are empty, and small pockets of survivors/bandits can be seen scuttling from cover to cover. However, after awhile, I did notice some flaws. First, all bandits and survivors seem to hide out in buildings that are undergoing some kind of construction. The obvious reason for this is that construction offers a lot of pipes and ledges for you to implement the primary gameplay element of climbing/platforming. Logically, it's idiotic. The ""event"" that caused the apocalpse in the game has left most buildings damaged, and yet somehow these UNFINISHED buildings are left standing along with all of their scaffolding, tools, and materials intact? That's just stupid. Furthermore, EVERYTHING is gray. I get it, apocalypse= dirt covers everything, but dam, cars should still come in multiple colors at least! These two flaws combine so that every area is the same crumbling/under construction gray building, and it gets boring to look at really fast.GameplayDon't believe the trailers, this game is a climbing/platformer. I would liken it to assassins creed, but it's not as fast or intuitive as that game. The climbing in this game is SLOW, but worse than that it is also tedious. You are given a stamina meter and it runs out extremely fast, which makes sense to make it challenging, but there are several moments that are absolutely unforgiving. There are areas where you literally have to scale a building, and there is a veritable maze of pipes and ledges that you must navigate absolutely perfectly, or your stamina runs out and you fall to your death. This wouldn't be a problem if you could just look and plan a safe route, but often it's simply trial and error because you can't see where there's a ledge for you to stop and regain your stamina. To top it off there is a permanent stamina loss mechanic, where you can extend your cimbing time using up the stamina meter itself! This mechaninc is completely artificial because the devs obviously set up some climbing puzzles to require you to use it, which means you would always have failed those sections without it. The combat is also idiotic. You have a gun and a machete, but combat only occurs in two ways: a stand-off/bluff and a quick-time event. You never have more than three bullets for your gun, so when you encounter enemies you have to quickly draw on them, shoot the one who has a gun first, (or he will shoot you even while you are pointing a gun at him), and then ""juggle"" the other two with commands, environmental traps, and your machete. Can you swing your machete? NO. It uses a ridiculously long QTE where the enemy always blocks your attack and you have to mash the button to kill him, which gives plenty of time for his friend to run up and kill you. So you end up telling them to back up until you can kick one over a ledge, or make him step in a fire, and then kill the last one with a QTE. It was this terrible gameplay that inevitably made me put down the game. I spent an hour at one point figuring out the perfect climbing path up a building that required the least permanent loss of stamina, and after I reached the top I was immediately greeted by three enemies, who took me around 8 tries to defeat. Ultimately, just boring!StoryThis isn't really a spoiler, but you are looking for your family. Surprise, surprise, you were separated from your family after an apoclyptic event! That NEVER happens! Don't get me wrong, the ""find your missing family"" storyline could have been great, and even starts fairly promising with a scene at your house where you pick up a few clues as to where your family may be. I was honestly looking forward to a story where your wife left litle clues behind everywhere she went that you would follow to inch closer and closer to her. But guess what? After that first scene in your house, you NEVER look for your wife again! Sure that is your ""long-term"" goal, but for the duration of the this game, you are on one long side quest to help out someone else. Yep, the entire game is spent helping ONE other person that your character is not related to or knows in any way. This is reason #2 why I stopped playing, I genuinely didn't care about what my character was doing. It doesn't even make sense! You encounter like twenty life-threatening situations just for this one stranger!Technical NoteI have a very good PC and a newer AMD Radeon GPU, and I had to make some serious tweaks to my system to stop the environment from completely disappearing! I can run far Cry 4 on max settigns, but this game made me spend a few HOURS just to see the dam floor! Also, you cannot play it with anything but a gamepad. Using a keyboard and mouse make the camera stutter every 3-5 seconds and it is absolutely enfuriating.Don't buy this game, because I am confident that you will have the same experience I had. You will be really excited about the apocalyptic story and atmosphere, and you will be wooed for the first couple of hours, until you start to smell something, and then the smell will grow and grow until it makes you stop playing. Later the next day you will realize the smell was coming from the sh!t this game is made of."
,Not Recommended,214250,14291694,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Boner Cowboy,Complete garbage. No ability to♥♥♥♥♥♥Extremely mislead by false advertising. I am disgusted by Ubisoft's utter incompetence and frankly this shakes me to my core. I demand a refund.
,Not Recommended,214250,9200962,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Frog,Worst game ever. i only played 32 mins and then i got bored DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!!!
76561198056395650,Not Recommended,214250,26420566,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Jakey Paulstat,Great gameplayGreat sense of atmosphereHorrible storyWorst ending since the 2016 US elections.
,Recommended,214250,26324169,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,sharocked,"great story. great stuff happening (you can shoot people in the face). interesting graphics, kinda bad though. this game with the graphics of the last of us would be awesome.also runs on win10"
76561198071101595,Not Recommended,214250,8802244,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,luftwaffa262,"I AM DEAD MORE LIKE,, YAWN, GOOD STORY LINE THOUGH....JUST FOUND IT TEEDIUS, REPEATING THE SAME PART YOUVE PLAYED, AGAIN AND AGAIN AND AGAIN.  BUT  I GUESS IF YOUR PRETTY SAVY, WITH THESE TYPES OF GAMES THAT WONT BE A PROBLEM, JUST NOT MY CUP OF TEA,,,"
,Not Recommended,214250,30807406,Posted: 28 March,all,Daeldra,"Messy, sloppy controls, doesn't run well on a computer newer than it, doesn't teach you how to play very well, and has some weird expectations of you in combat. I like the *idea* of the intimidation based combat, but in practice, this implementation of it really sucks. Climbing, I frequently can't control the character accurately, so I end up needing to use spikes way too often since he thought dancing back  and forth was a better idea than going up or down.Of note, probably half of my gameplay time is from struggling to get video or game controllers to work."
,Not Recommended,214250,13677176,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,nhand42,"Terrible. Awful.The graphics are grainy, dark and washed-out. The controls are awkward. The fighting sequences are rote-learnt and lack any variation or subtlety. The platform puzzles fail to entertain.The world is tiny. Just a few city blocks in total. You don't even need to visit more than half the map to complete the main quest. If you try to explore the map the game forces the camera around and chastises you for going in the wrong direction. The linearity of this game is so frustrating. I can see the world, let me explore it!The unsatisfying ending is both ham-fisted and obvious.You can tell the developers had a bigger vision. There are random NPCs scattered throughout the world, suggesting sub-quests were once on the table. The world design suggests an open-world sandbox exploration game was intended. But their vision was never delivered. The story has been castrated. The mechanics have been lobotomised. The world has been decimated.The game is a mess. Don't waste your time or money on this rubbish."
,Not Recommended,214250,12717830,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,maryisdead,"Poor graphics, controls are clumsy and at times even frustrating (especially in combat). From a technical viewpoint it's poorly executed.But I Am Alive offers a great atmosphere and story, the visuals are also very catchy and overall gameplay is also quite good.Get it while it's on sale![Update 2015-01-15] Changed my review to a thumbs-down due to increased rage-quitting caused by aforementioned technical issues. Too bad, too bad. Had a lot of potential."
,Not Recommended,214250,13727580,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Short Tail,"While I can't speak for the quality of this game on a console, I suppose a review of that would be irrevelant since this is on PC. This is an absolutely terrible port of the game. The control scheme, while interesting, was not ideal. Not unplayable, but not easy to get used to. The gameplay itself was ok, but the movement and the action was the worst part. I had huge difficulty getting through one of the first fight scenes. I can't say whether this was from the difficulty curve being too steep, or the controls not functioning properly, or just simply the game mechanics being terrible, but whatever the reason, it wasn't enjoyable. To touch briefly on the movement, it goes along with the controls being bad. Again, I'm sure if I had played more, I would've gotten used to the button mapping, but I've played a lot of games with a lot of different control schemes, and this was by far the most unique. To use mouse 1 to sprint, and to repeatedly tap it to run faster is unheard of. I'm aware that I could remap the buttons, but I shouldn't have to remap almost every button. Overall, the game was just not impressive, and frankly, not very playable. If you're are a very forgiving and lenient gamer, then you may enjoy this game, but I simply could not overlook the broken mechanics. Perhaps on a different console, it would be more enjoyable. 3/10."
,Not Recommended,214250,223659,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,cyanide,"I really can't recommend this game to anyone. The controls feel gimpy and the gameplay is extremely unforgiving. The combat is repetitive and the game doesn't really offer you ""stealth"" methods to avoid combat.2015 edit: Oops, I never meant to publish this as a positive review"
,Not Recommended,214250,1151104,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,The Lieutenant,"Without giving anything away, let me just say that I Am Alive is incredibly depressing. I'm not talking about the story, which is half baked and clearly cuts off well before whatever script the developers were working off of ended. I'm talking about the fact that every single moment of the game was spent remembering how excited I was after the first trailer came out, promising an open world exploration that never ended.Instead, the final product was this♥♥♥♥♥♥ The game gets repetitive after the first level, and nothing actually happens. There is no open world, just some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ unfulfilling side missions that were clearly tacked on in a desperate attempt to make the game seem deep.I do like the almost but not quite monochrome stylings of the graphics, they addded a nice touch to the ambiguously post-apocalyptic wasteland that I barely got to properly explore.At some point it became necessary for the player character, whose name I already forgot, to lash a young girl to his backpack and ♥♥♥♥ around sheer walls for a while. This was very annoying...To repeat my previous point, I am Alive was originally meant to be a massive adventure through a broken world, like S.T.A.L.K.E.R. with platforming elements.The last thing I need is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot device hooked to my character, constantly reminding me of how good this game would have been if it hadn't hit so many problems during development.The main character dies at the end, you don't find out why. Presumably, somewhere between the end of the game and the credits, he went on aforementioned huge exciting journey without the player.Don't buy this game. Ubisoft needs to go back and try making this game a second time, perhaps actually making the game they said they were making the first time around."
,Not Recommended,214250,8619073,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Entr0py <(' ' <),"The graphics are definitely passable.  Gameplay feels kind of bogged down, combat feels clunky, and the story telling feels lazy."
,Not Recommended,214250,534472,"Posted: 11 September, 2012",all,⛄🎄🎅🏻Santa Gabe🎅🏻🎄⛄,Don't get this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198009430218,Not Recommended,214250,9900465,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,JacoRay,"Before reading my review, first thing you need to do is watch the E3 trailer from 2008.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HZ6Aely9YrQDid you watch it? Looks great right? I remember E3 2008 and said to myself, ""This game looks great!"", although I knew it was a cinematic trailer, it was the initial concept of survival and escape from hordes of other humans that were possibly your friends prior to ""The Event"", as it's called in the published version of the game, that stood out to me.The game we got? Well, it went through a lot of changes as it was already in development for like, five years prior to E3 2008, and then released in 2012, went through even more changes. The biggest change is that you don't experience ""The Event"", okay, it's a big f*cking earthquake. But how awesome would it have been to experience that as part of the game?Instead, I Am Alive takes place a year later as your character returns to the city of Haventon to find his wife and daughter, how original. Instead, you find some girl named Mei who's just crying in the playground by your house, so you help her find her mother instead, as well as some bloke in a wheelchair.During the game, you can help strangers that actually need it, or kill people that are hostile. It's a very black and white game, literally too. Instead of the nice, yet muddy, colors of the initial trailer, Ubisoft Shanghai rapes your eyes with an over abundance of black and white, mostly white, film grain. The dust is thick, foggy thick.Let me remind you that this game came out in 2012. The textures and models from Super Mario Sunshine are better, and that was 2002. The gameplay tries to emulate the Assassin's Creed climbing, but somehow messes that up. And the shooting mechanic switches you from 3rd person survival game, to 1st person shooter.This game's just doesn't really do anything right, except for the limited ammo which would make sense considering the stuff doesn't just appear out of nowhere.It's mediocre.5/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,8968676,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Strider,This game masquerades as a survivalist adventure when it's really nothing more than a climbing simulator. I big let down for me.
,Not Recommended,214250,2681994,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,TheOni,"I will start this by stating that it's a decent game.  I found it to be extremely easy, but it's a decent game nonetheless.  However, these are some key issue that I would like to point out:1) There is almost no back story.  I know, people will think 'but there has to be, even a little.'  Well, there is a little, but it is only learned through playing the early stages.  Other than that, however, there is no general narrative that sums up the state of the world at or before the time of the game.2) It is interesting, but it's more like a demo of plausible video game features, rather than an actual game.3)I would also say that it's fairly short.  Even when you are trying to achieve all of the in-game mini quests, it's still short. Like shorter than Rage type of short.Unless it's on sale, I do not recommend purchase.  4/10"
76561198032123898,Not Recommended,214250,11280375,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,fortega1983,Don't buy. Unless it's on sale for a few bucks.
76561198035820408,Recommended,214250,25086254,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,RM60,"7/10Pros- Atmospheric- Great storyline- Excellent tension the entire game- Very Difficult in a good way- Intersting combat system (Every fight is more of a puzzle than a shooter)- Great platforming- Beautiful map- Open world elements- For its time, it had decent graphicsCons- Ending was terrible- Though they were decent for the time, the graphics are dated and can be a little annoying at first- No warning before the end- No Steam AchievementsThis was a pleasant experience that was worth $15. It would be best to get this game on sale unless you are just wanting a difficult platformer/survival game right away. I would have liked for them to have finished the plot and their ending was absolutely one of the worst in game history, but it at least fills in some gaps when you actually think about it.I just want to say that the tension that I felt in this game was tremendous. I felt weak and like I had to think to survive. Exploration always payed off in the beginning, but eventually the fear of tough enemies that could be around any corner kept me from exploring what really could have been explored. There are some very gruesome and raw scenes in this game and would highly recommend that nothing less than a mature audience play it. Seriously, there is some jacked up stuff. It was unique though and I really enjoyed the experience. It did take me an hour or so to really get into it though, so if you buy it, keep playing. It gets better.I beat this game first time on Survival and if you want a real challenge, I suggest you do the same.Spoilers incoming! Please do not read this unless you don't want the game or have already beaten it.The event is never explained and this bugs me. I really want to know what happened and what is going on. There are too many holes left in the storyline. However, the ending is what really bugged me at first. It was just too sudden and felt like they ran out of money to finish the game, but that being said, I believe that he is indeed alive.The end where his wife is crying as she watches the account of his travels does not mean he is dead. Seeing that would be a very emotional experience. Imagine seeing a documentary of your wife (or husband) trying to find you for a year and you see how much heck she/he went through and how she/he never gave up on finding you and finally did. It would be emotional (especially for those of us in the steam community who still have emotions). His stuff is everywhere so he made it there. All of his stuff was not given to her by a good samaritan. He is there. This ending definitely leaves the door open for a number two and we can only hope that they retain the great things of this game, improve the flaws, and make it sooner rather than later.Thanks for reading the review. Peace"
76561198021194599,Not Recommended,214250,15794763,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,superbeast2k1,"I love the post apocalyptic genre, and I love the realism of this game, but the controls are twitchy at best, combat is poorly handled, and the mission objective points are unclear, also the grey scale texture of the world makes it incredibly hard to tell where things are, it looked like it would've been an awesome open world exploration game, trying to find supplies and ammo, but turned out to be incredibly linear in it's pathing, several areas that looked like they should've been easily traversed were completely inaccessible. Everyone in the city having either a machete or a pistol and no variation of weaponry was also kinda dissapointing. I should've listened to the reviews on this game and not purchased."
,Recommended,214250,16480008,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Artorias,"The idea of the game is cool, but when you play the game it justs feels like it is unfinished."
,Recommended,214250,8712814,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,α PIRATEorNINJA Ω,Overall good game and worth playing. Could have been a little longer but it strikes a good balance still. Worked fine with keyboard and mouse or gamepad with no fiddling. I use xbox 360 usb wired gamepad. Solid gameplay with some interesting methods that really add to the atmosphere of survival.
,Not Recommended,214250,11346924,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Les Grossman,"Lets start with the good things as there are few.1. The levels itself - are in itself atmospheric, it really gives you the impression how a town could look like after a series of earthquakes.2. The climbing mechanic - that you loose endurance/stamina if you climb is a nice change.3. Overall interesting take on survival in a town after a global catastrophic event - without the obligatory zombies.Yeah...that's it.Now to go on with the bad things where do I start:The graphics are washed up and even if you use the highest settings you can't change the fact that this piece of crap was meant to be played on an XBOX or PS2. Yes I know - it is developed for the XBOX 360 and PS3 but I can't drop the feeling that I have seen better graphics in part on a XBOX or PS2.The music at the beginning is good and adds to the little bit of atmosphere there is at all - but it gets so repetitive after a time (especially as you loose stamina constantly and with you loosing stamina the music builds up and always the same tune) that you sometimes just want to mute the whole game.So now we know that the game itself is just a common stone between pearls and diamonds in terms of audio and graphics, but there are these rare jewels that suck at this too but still have great gameplay and story.This game is absolutely NOT one of them.The gameplay is overall horrific with the exception of the climbing mechanic.Combat or stealth - it gives you no choice - you have to fight.There is no sneaking (although they implemeted the sneak button how cool is that) at all, the moment you pass a certain point the game spawns enemies and you can not get around them either because they detect you on the spot or you desperately try to get by the ones that are already somewhere in the level - and the level is created so that you have to get through them.This is no ""THIEF"" at all.So lets ""fight"" which comes down to coerce the AI in getting stuck or other ""special"" movements.Why?Because you either have guns - for which you practically never have any ammunition or you can use your mighty machete.Nonono, not hacking and slashing, you have to wait until your enemies have reached you and then you can draw your machete for one hit.If it is someone with a machete he will block it and you have to go through button smashing, it is easier if the enemy has a gun, then no button smashing.The only problem is that these guys come in packs.So the moment you have to buttonsmash and are locked in the scripted killscene, our enemies friends are hacking you to pieces OR his gun equipped buddies just kill you with one shot (ok,ok @ higher difficulty)The AI can shoot at you forever but if you loot them they magically have emptied everything they had after 1001 shots (one of the many bugs in this game shows you that fact when you get stuck somewhere in a wall and they use you as invincible target practice or you just run around eating up your health items just to see how often they can fire) if you are lucky there is one bullet left after you killed them, about 50% of the time the gun is empty although the owner of it WILL kill you with it if you believe that you could reload the level and just walk past by him.Yes I have the feeling that the people working at this game desperately wanted to shoot themeselves after they saw what they had created and implemented this thoughtful underlying message of the last bullet.You can get a shotgun in the game but first you really have to do some climbing and exploring and the few shots you have are the only ones in the whole game.After around 75% of the game you get a bow with one arrow - oh and you won't believe it - YES!! you can reuse that arrow.The story is pretty mediocre, you should have encountered it somewhere else already and probably better told but worst of all it is pretty shortlived (around 8 hours and I took my sweet time) and cut at the end.The ending is one bad joke.I couldn't help but think that at some point of production they really believed they had born a new superloved AAA title hence the dream of producing dlcs and a second game.But when at the end they realized what a boring abomination they helped to bring into this gamingworld they just hurried up and forced some kind of ending in and a really bad one too.The bottom line is that if you really want to try out this game buy it in a Steam Sale...for up to 3 $/€.Anything more will make you wish you had tossed that money in a blender and watched it blend - more entertainment for the buck."
,Recommended,214250,9267450,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Rupti,"This game has a lot of flaws, but it still manages to create a unique experience unlike anything you've ever played.Unlike most post-apocalyptic games, you don't have any zombies or monsters to fight. Your biggest enemies are the environment, the lack of resources and the other survivors.Getting places is hard. Roads are blocked and bridges are broken, and your climbing skills are the only thing keeping you alive. Problem is, you have a very limited amount of stamina that drains every time you climb or run, and when it's drained fully - you fall. As if that's not enough, dust storms make the air outside unbreathable, and when inside the fog your stamina will constantly drain until you die, or reach high ground.Resources are very limited, and you will rarely have more than 2-3 bullets in your gun. You will often have none. Combat is not based on who shoots faster, but on psychology and bluffing. Raise your hands to let the enemy come near enough for a surprise attack, or aim your empty pistol at him and tell him to back off up to a cliff, then push him over.This combat system makes you get very creative when fighting 5-6 enemies, since you probably wont have enough bullets to kill them all.Some survivors will only fight you if you get too close, and backing off will prevent a fight. Others will ask for your help, and you will have to choose wether or not to spare your very limited supplies.With this combat system and the constant pressure of the draining stamina, this game keeps you stressed throughout it all. And as if that's not enough - you have a limited number of retries before having to restart from the beginning of the chapter!The game is flawed, though:Controls can be a bit clunky while climbing, sometimes resulting in a pointless death and waste of retry.It's not always clear where to go, especially in heavy dust where you can't see♥♥♥♥♥♥ and you might end up walking in circles trying to find the entrance to a building, and it can get quite frustrating.The story is very lacking. You learn pracitcally nothing about what actually happened and the story just seems to stop rather than end when you finish the game.While the game is semi-openworld, you have little to no motivation to explore. Yeah, you might find other survivors or some food and water, but is it really worth running around in a dust storm for?Overall, this game is a solid 8/10 and I highly recommend playing it."
76561197991200027,Not Recommended,214250,1311753,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,Comrade Marx,"I think this game is called I Am Alive because if you manage to make it all the way through without blowing your ♥♥♥♥ing head off, it's quite the accomplishment. This is the worst game i've played in a long time, and i think the price is a reflection of the♥♥♥♥♥♥quality that indicates even the devs probably know this isn't worth anything."
,Not Recommended,214250,9238363,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Halorym,"The gameplay is fantastic. The freerunning aspects are relatively realistic and fun. The fast paced tactical decisions in combat are difficult to get used to but rewarding when you beat them after about the fifth reload, assuming you don't mind retrys being a significant portion of your playtime. That said, the game uses a horrible retry system where you find the right to reload a save like a power up, and if you run out, it sends you to the begining of the level.  Had an amazing amount of potential, but appeared painfully unfinished. I tore through most of the game in four hours, then spent most of the next day looking forward to finishing it. When I did, there was only about 20 minutes of content left and I was left without closeure to the story and a lot of massive disappointment.    When the game ended it even presented me with a stat board full of trackings of things that were never even an option in the playthrough.The game is clearly an abandoned project and in its current state is too short to be worth getting into."
76561198062437783,Not Recommended,214250,9247480,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Neufuu,Doesnt work on windows 8.1. Dont waste your time and money. Great job Ubisoft/Steam...
,Not Recommended,214250,9804290,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Romero,A for the effort and the idea. But an F for execution.
76561198009735475,Not Recommended,214250,9721076,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,rayzobho,"Cool idea: a post-apocalyptic survival game with linear gameplay like Prince of Persia, but more puzzle-y... unfortunately the gamepad support is irreparably broken and the game is buggy as hell.  I sort of regret having bought this."
,Not Recommended,214250,11602219,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Polterpneuma,"First off, I would like to state that I have yet to complete this game out of sheer frustration.Though I will keep on attempting to finish the game,granted if I can win the race between me finishing the game and my controller breaking.That being said, here are my two cents about this game.I will start off with the bad side of the game in order to create a critique that feels like you are eating a pudding with glazed sugar layered at the bottom, where the further you go and eat in more of the chunks, the sweeter it gets.I Am Alivewas once an extremely anticipated game when it was first leaked on 2009, and announced to be completed on 2010, but was later pushed back several times before finally being released on 2012. This gave potential buyers the time to ponder about the game.When news first befell unto my ears, I heard so many rumors that this game would become the ultimate open world survival game with a good storyline to follow through. However, like any fairly hyped games, you are bound to be disappointed.The final product released into the market looked like a stillbirth compared to what people were expecting from the game.As a result, the game's popularity sank faster than a fat lady trying to water skii whilst wearing lead shoes.Granted, this is not entirely the developers' fault, as speculations may have created greater expectation, but could be easily diminished by not being so hush about the game's situation and deliver actual information and updates rather than popping up ever so often just to deliver push-backs.Over the course of some five hours of me playing this game, I can sum up the game in three words, ""Trial and error.""By using new players' naiveté, the game would constantly throw you into situations where you are required to know beforehand what you are facing, to which usually results in death, and because of the limited retry system, this is like someone giving you a slap in the face and then proceeded to light your head on fire, as the system adds more than a big slap to the face, to which I will elaborate in a moment. I have found myself setting the game to the easiest difficulty to allow myself to go through all the death hoops the game presents to me with my trial and error technique in order to become acquainted with said death hoops, just so I would not light myself on fire on the normal playthrough.The second thing is the delusion of difficulty, not illusion, but delusion. For some reason, the developer thought that simply by limiting the amount of retries the player can have in a trial and error game, the game would be interesting and challenging. If that were the case, then Honey Boo Boo's mother is a supermodel, and telling people to limit the amount of times they can urinate a day is a good idea.Look, we have all gone through the age where that formula worked, where you played, died, and subsequently receive a game over screen. That was when the existing technology limited the amount of content that could be present in the game, and so by using that retry formula, the consumers would have the illusion of getting their money's worth. I have had my fair share ofContraandGhouls 'n Ghostsalready back in the days, I want to be able to play a game that would not tell me how many times I could go pee-pee in the waterbowl.The three things I also absolutely hated in this game are: The grappling hook mechanic, the death conditions, and the bullet scarcity formula. When I first acquired the grappling hook, it was a complete nightmare for me. The swining momentum is just so bad that it makes swimming through a tub full of mayonaise seem that much easier. It took me seven tries before I could finally get the gist of it and finally not fall off and become the next cannibal's grand slam. Talking about falling and dying a horrible death, I never understood how the main character sometimes manages to die from a half-meter drop. Those areas obviously have absolutely nothing there, and if I were sliding, my momentum was just about enough to rub a gum off of my shoe, but yet, those spots still somehow manage to kill me. Perhaps messing up the sliding gave the main character so much emotional distress that he died of pure embarrassment.Within any survival games, I am one of those players that tend to hoard anything that I can find and use as little of them as possible, this game was no exception, but what definitely has gotten to me was the fact that the game will attempt to, in any manner and time as physically possible, to keep your bullet count around one or two. Now, this may sound like an excellent mechanic, and I am the one who is whining about something mundane, but the fact that any time you kill a gun-wielding assailant with two or more bullets in your possession, the gun you get from them is always empty, really ticks me off. However, if some other baddie picks up the gun, he would start shooting up the place like a twelve year old kid playing Rookie Mode onResident Evil 2. This is not a good mechanic, this only manages to show the player a huge sign written thusly, ""You are in my pistol theme park, and you will never have more bullets than I want you to."" Why bother doing the whole survival aspect when you are not letting me worry about using resources? Since I know for a fact that I will always get bullets somewhere for a necessary fight ahead of me.Talking about bullets and fights, the staticity and linearity is absolutely flabbergasting. You would think that despite not being the ultimate open world survival game,I Am Alivewould still provide the fundementals of the genre, right?Wrong.For the majortiy, if not all, of the cases, there is only one way to climb to the destination, only one way to swing somewhere with the swing hook, and only one way to defeat foes. There are some hidden items here and there given out for looking a bit further, but would also usually mean wasting precious foodstuffs and dying; they might as well place big pieces of paper with, ""I owe you, invalid upon death,"" all over it, as this was mentioned to be a trial and error game with limited tries.As for its staticity, every event and item placement are always at exactly the same place, even with static events, you would at least expect non-static placements for loots, and hope that perhaps that one time when you recheck that mundane corner again, a flashing item surrounded by an white aura would appear, like a young kid hoping to findNarniain their grandmother's wardrobe, only to find an abundent amount of mothballs located within.Oh, and the save system sucks harder than an industrial grade vacuum cleaner.Despite so many factors, including the menu being complete and utter stinking fecal matter, that make this game so frustrating, I cannot get myself to hate this game.All in all, I am just so very intrigued by the world, the environment, and the idea of this game.Despite the frustrationI Am Alivemakes me deal with, during the immersive moments of the game, when I truly looked, especially into the story and the world, this game makes me feel in awe, and delivers so many other emotional impacts, like a pyromaniac seeing a forest on fire for the first time (to which the aforementioned person may or may not have been the cause of).I realize that I am on my own in the broken world.I realize that this game is not be for everyone, hence I would not recommend this game.However, if you are willing to overlook the many flaws I have already pointed out, and the ones I may have forgotten about, go ahead and try it out, but I do not in any way guarentee a frustration-free playthrough.TL;DR:You most likely will not like it, but if you are willing to look at the game in a different perspective, by all means, go for it."
,Not Recommended,214250,12763869,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,gobbo,"I really wanted to give this game a try, but it seems to be fighting back.There is NO FOV SETTING in the game, so if you tend to suffer from motion sickness induced by low FOV, this is not your game. There are hacks available, though. On the plus side, the game does not appear to have motion blur.There are several issues with the game, such as the controls not remappable separately, but only as a group (e.g. ""Drop/Draw Weapon""). And since ""Fire"" and ""Run"" are in the same group, that is really annoying.Another issue (and ultimately the one that leads me to not recommending the game) is that the game streams in world data, and when it does that, it sometimes stops responding to mouse input. This can go away within moments, but on occasion it stays. As a result, your mouse cursor will be fixed to the centre of the screen, in menus as well as in Windows when tabbed out. Even killing the game process doesn't seem to fix it, only a system reboot will do.I tried to like the game, but it's just not enjoyable."
76561198001276299,Not Recommended,214250,12884025,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,L.Sumbitches,"Good concept and great atmosphere and visuals, but Ubisoft knowlingly shipped a broken (pc) game. There's a near-game breaking mouse lag problem. The mouse randomly and frequently becomes almost totally unresponsive, sometimes during combat, which already has a fickle targeting system. There's another glitch that sometimes prevents the bow from firing when it's supposed to. All of that plus just one or two poor design choices makes it pretty frustrating.On a console, it's definitely worth the money. Do not buy the pc version; it's broken and ubisoft has no plans to fix it."
76561198015475295,Not Recommended,214250,2983823,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,FireFrostY,"Dont buy this game its a buggy piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥, unplayable controls"
,Not Recommended,214250,45729,"Posted: 24 February, 2013",all,Cypher,"Do NOT buy this game... linear, console port, slow, just a bad game"
76561198069116286,Not Recommended,214250,9208600,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Paranoid,worst game i have ever played !
,Not Recommended,214250,10238310,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Solaries,Terrible controls and arbitrary saving fit for console non-sense that ruins an otherwise interesting setting.
76561197984812652,Not Recommended,214250,9252805,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,CryptKeeper,"Extreamly linier and quite boring. I wish I could get my money back. My character can't seem to focus on anything that is 10-15 feet in front of him and it drives me crazy. Talk about messing up your eye sight! I wish I had headed the other reviewers, but there were some good ones. The only thing cool about this game is the theme and limited resources. There also needs to be a tutorial about how to use your items/weapons before you go into game. It has an ingame tutorial that makes me die 9 out of 10 times when I learn something dangerous. Then I've had no experience in using the items or doing the situation and next time I'm presented with it (sometimes to a higher degree) I usually fail first try. I want store credit! This game sucks!"
76561198067629695,Not Recommended,214250,9469348,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,zinninator,I would recommend this game if they ever made a sequel. I would recommend spending 6ish hours playing this game before playing that.
,Not Recommended,214250,1605224,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,⭐ChapaNDJ⭐,"This could have been so much better, but it feels very dull, boring and repetitive. Most of the time you spend climbing buildings and stuff. The black and white and the fog effect is terrible and killed the experience for me.The story is meh.5/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,9836280,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Commander Shepherd,"Interesting atmosphere, GREAT surround sound, super immersive. The downside? SHORT LINEAR STORYLINE. This game only took me 8 hours to complete 100%, and that's including the several times I paused the game and went to do things."
,Not Recommended,214250,14066860,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Evil Stifler,"The commercial of this game was so intense. I waited this game a year before it came. Now, my heart broke like a mirror falling on the ground."
,Not Recommended,214250,1770353,"Posted: 23 September, 2013",all,0xW41FU,"Interesting concept, pretty inviroment but horrible horrible controls"
,Recommended,214250,10432503,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,zik_kr,"This was awesome time. Good story, nice character. I like it. Sow, finger up:) Buy it."
,Not Recommended,214250,6020627,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,@UforiK,Don't waste your money.
,Not Recommended,214250,29126608,Posted: 8 January,all,🍎,"This is a great game with a great idea behind it. However, its main downfall is its incompatibility issues with the modern operating systems to date. I've had it crash on me multiple times and luckily, I was on a checkpoint that was fairly close to where I originally was prior to the crash. However, the latest crash had me set back so far. This game has so much potential for those who can actually play it without any probability of a crash. Any way, aside from me bashing on this game's compatibility issues, it is a great game. It requires you to make use of your resources and to not make haste when faced with a potentially deadly situation. Ammunition is extremely hard to come by and killing someone with a machete isn't so easy. I enjoy that sense of tediousness to figure out which opponent actually deserves a bullet and thereafter, eliminate the other opposing threats. The concept of oxygen preservation seems extremely accurate and realistic in areas that contain a thicker volumity to its atmosphere. All in all -- great story, fair graphics, fair game. Just be advised that crashes will exist if you're on a more modern operating system."
76561197967559164,Recommended,214250,25733661,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,vacantmind,"This game is one of my few must play games, yes its short. But so many good ideas."
,Not Recommended,214250,23257419,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,sjcrunk23,"Somewhat on the fence about this game, but I guess I wouldn't recommend it. The biggest complaint I have is the constantly changing mouse sensitivity. One minute it feels like it's on low sensitivity, then the next minute it feels like it's on high, and then back to low. Oh, and the crashing, that's my favorite part of the game."
76561198047868578,Recommended,214250,31956730,Posted: 25 May,all,jcbvickers,"Story is weak at best but solid gameplay and a cool environment make up for it,"
,Recommended,214250,811544,"Posted: 18 September, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"Despite reading mixed reviews of this game I was surprised it was actually this good. The world has been struck by earthquakes and it's up to you, a survivor, to try and find your family.The graphics are dark and moody; you can only see a few metres ahead which makes it difficult to differentiate friend from foe. It really adds to the tension. That, and the lack of bullets. You have to pick targets carefully, and even decide if you want to kill them. It's not always needed, you see, and you really need to preserve your ammo.There are also other survivors to be found and they might need your help. It's up to you. Helping them will grant you a retry. So in the event that you are killed you'll be able to try it again.Besides killing and helping people you'll be climbing around like the PoP and AC games, which feels natural by now, and is cool.Too bad the game is a bit short; it will take most people around 4-6 hours to complete.Yet another game that has to be experienced, people.[Rating: 81/100]"
76561198024354933,Recommended,214250,3536211,"Posted: 21 October, 2012",all,Sweety Ashley,"The game not bad, just a tad short.The mechanics work well, but I wanted to see them expanded and has great ideas and poor execution. Maybe if it ever gets a sequel..  It ends up being a flat, frustrating game that isn't worth your time or money."
,Recommended,214250,12717814,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Oska,"I found this game to be very enjoyable. I really liked the atmosphere, I thought the story was satisfying for a while but by the end I was left wanting just a little more, and I thought the environment was beautifully crafted. I do think this game could've used a little more color, though.This isn't the best game around, but I like it. I think it's worth the price that it currently sells for. If you are in need of an interesting singleplayer game to play, try this one. I thought the ""intimidation"" feature where you can scare off enemies by just pointing a gun at them even if its not loaded was pretty cool and original. Climbing in this game can be fun. This game is really just full of unique features that you won't find in most other games of the post-apocalyptic survival category.Other notes: the graphics are just good; not excellent, not average, but just good. The sounds reinforce the game's atmosphere pretty well. The AI can be tough to deal with at times. The level design itself is a puzzle at times.Again, if you are looking for an interesting post-apocalyptic singleplayer game to play, this could be the game for you. If you want something more action oriented or roleplay-ish, you might want to skip this one. This game gets a 7/10 from me."
,Recommended,214250,13024975,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,BørneSnupperen,Title dissapointed me when i died in the game.
,Recommended,214250,12326673,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,«[ČĻĻ]» JAY72(UK),"good game had problems cos im running windows 8.1 but quick search on google gave me answer,well worth a look at atmospheric and makes you use your brain : )"
76561198073439329,Not Recommended,214250,19640188,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Birdman222,i wouldn't/couldn't play this longer than 30 mins. i got to the mall and got fed up with the poor controls. why have the play able to climb fences but not able to jump? also the fighting system really really really sucks. if i have a melee weapon i want to want it. i dont want to tap e then spam a mouse button 50 times. everything i saw about the game was just broken. there are much better games out there and im disappointed i got this on sale in a bundle pack.
,Not Recommended,214250,16967729,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Pipes the Facepuncher,"As much as the game is graphically interesting, I found it endlessly frustrating.  This frustration made it difficult for me to enjoy the story line.  So the down vote is more of a 50/50 vote.  If you enjoy a resource scares platformer this may be your thing."
,Recommended,214250,2776064,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Ntek =D,"Great game, but little short, recommand mostly if it's on a sale."
76561197964859882,Not Recommended,214250,20326581,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Global Delete,"Cons, enough to make me quit and delete the game:Some times you can't view freely for some buggy reason and the combat is not reacting to the keys you hit. Enemies walk through eachother to stab you when you're in combat.Pro's, the enemies can hear you pulling the trigger so they know when you don't have any bullets. This was quite fun, but I won't play this anymore when the gameplay is annoying me."
,Recommended,214250,183719,"Posted: 21 September, 2012",all,Z4KJ0N3S,"For as cheap as it is, I Am Alive is the most fun I've had out of a video game in a minute. Playing through on 'Survivor' difficulty, I got 5 hours of very intense entertainment. Absolutely a blast."
76561197970198173,Recommended,214250,29627690,Posted: 1 February,all,Cannon Fodder,"Climbing & surviving in a dusty world: Good overall experience, but a bit short one.Ending could have been better & game seems to crash sometimes while loading new level."
76561198023023915,Not Recommended,214250,14314111,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,hagakuremoi,"English and EspañolConsStamina system is tedious and annoying, you lose stamina even in regions where you would not expect great effort like in the ladders, this makes the climbing zones (and there is a lot of them) and dust zones too tedious if you don't know a priori what is the correct path.The save system is bad, you have checkpoints but if you close the game you will notice that not all checkpoints work when you close the game.ProsGood story, good voice acting, very similar to The Road by Cormac McCarthy, a moving and deppresive story.This could be a great game, however it was ruined by bad gameplay.Defectos:El sistema estamina es muy molesto, tu estamina disminuye incluso en zonas donde una esperaria que no hubiera gran esfuerzo como en las escaleras de pared, esto hace que las zonas de escalada que son muy abundantes sean muy tediosas si no sabes de antemano que ruta tomar. Esto aplica tambien para las zonas con polvo.El sistema de guardado es malo, hay checkpoints pero si cierras el juego tendras que comenzar desde el inicio del capitulo o desde un punto anterior al checkpoint que tu esperarias ver.Los recursos son muy escasos, incluso en el nivel de dificultad facil.Virtudes:La historia, acompañada de un buen conjunto de voces, es el punto mas fuerte del juego, recuerda perfectamente a La carretera de Cormac McCarthy, una historia conmovedora pero tambien cruda y deprimente.Es una lastima que lo que pudo ser un juego excelente sea una experiencia tediosa por una mala jugabilidad. Ojala hicieran un buen remake o una película."
76561198031308160,Not Recommended,214250,9209364,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Black Soul Gems Matter,Game never worked. Never played it.
76561198005146478,Not Recommended,214250,9244343,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Iperitas[SK],"I was expecting something like an Tomb Rider in city, but it is iritating mose damaging stupid game, don't waste your money on that."
,Not Recommended,214250,13041797,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,PCGaming247,"Do not get this game. The worst part is the camra and glitchie platforming. The story is Junk and short like 4 hours short, the film grain that can not be ajusted is so over barring it hurts your eye. Game felt like it was made for the ps1 not nowa days gaming. The worst game ive ever played for UBSOFT."
76561198065872405,Not Recommended,214250,15010507,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Cali,rather play gmod
76561198042496668,Not Recommended,214250,12948009,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Gonzo,"It's really short, I was able to beat it in 4 and ahalf hours. The story is Meh at best and the fighting segments are dull."
76561198018388690,Not Recommended,214250,3159801,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,ZIGGIE,"not happy with it, PC version is not working correctly, a lot of bugs and fps drops, as for concept, I like the idea of deadly fog in the city, and..yea, that's about it...nothing else actually matters in there, concept is really thin, it gets really boring after half an hour of playing, and I think I am actually generous here, graphic is♥♥♥♥♥♥( don't worry, I have a beast machine, runnin far cry 3 on Ultra setts ) this game is not worth that money, and ur time, just skip it, and invest in something else, you'll prob have more fun with it.peace"
76561198009067077,Not Recommended,214250,2544471,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,GRANIT Salvo,"10 minutes of gameplay and I am disappointed.  I was excited about the blend of Resident Evil and Fallout 3, but I'll have to try again when I forget about this experience.  Controls were fine, but the plot failed instantly and the stamina challenges are terrible."
76561197992680937,Not Recommended,214250,9220556,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Zellith,"Do not buy this game. It looks beautiful and has some interesting mechanics, but the plot is poor.  As far as I understand it, they were basically told ""stop here.  We are done. Ship it"" or something.  Without a sequel this game has NO real story.The ending is basically a kind of sopranos mid-story cut to black.Torrent before you buy."
,Not Recommended,214250,9561986,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Masticore,"This game has the worst controls I've ever encountered. After a point, I found it completely unplayable. It sucks, because I liked the story, but I just can't get past the terrible control scheme. Also, it mentions ""partial controller support"" on the Steam store page, but I wasn't able to get that to work with any of mine."
,Not Recommended,214250,9215090,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,G•H•O•S•T,"This game is buggy, it has ugly textures and it has so many glitches. My suggestion: don't buy it! Go read or watch some reviews of this game if you think about buying it."
,Not Recommended,214250,288975,"Posted: 7 October, 2012",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Interesting gameplay mechanics, decent explorability.Tense atmosphere, immmersive sound design.However, glitchy mouse controls and a very short length make this title not really worth the full price.Wait for a patch, if we ever get one."
76561198037402323,Not Recommended,214250,4452737,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,Oniontrader,"Payed 8,99£. Took 55 minutes to download. Played 45 minutes. Considering uninstalling this♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,214250,9557169,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,BullCut,The mouse lag is what made me despise this game.-100/10
76561197978704804,Not Recommended,214250,10838900,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,{WeB}*HansDieterKarlHeinzHolger*,"This game is so boring and repetetive, it almost made my heart stop pumping blood...2/10 for the concept - poor execution though!"
,Not Recommended,214250,9239766,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Scoobford,"It's...fine...Good:Great atmosphereGood AIGood PlotBad:Plot just randomly stopsHORRIBLE technical issues. Bad Performance, tons of huge glitches, Pop-in from a  foot away, etc.Way, Way too short. My Playtime includes a lot of idling because I was doing other stuff. Yeah, that short."
76561198274355224,Recommended,214250,35421398,Posted: 2 October,all,Dibox,"This game is a little short and doesn't have much gameplay depth, but it has some cool concepts and kept me interested."
76561198140074731,Recommended,214250,26966650,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,blake93,Exelente juego deberian crearle una segunda parte o almenos explicar porque esa mujer tine la camara lo cual hace que el juego quede muy abierto
,Recommended,214250,9960190,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,UltimaCJ,This game was decent.  I got it for $10 on a sale.  The control is a bit rough for combat here and there but it does the job well.  I do not recommend this game if your afraid of heights as there's a lot of climbing.
,Not Recommended,214250,8503325,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Petersaber,Detailed review here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fkeUPJHh2yYConclusion at 22:22
76561198161360645,Recommended,214250,28882576,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,NuEx_kuma,This game is AMAZING!!!!!! If you like Assassin's Creed and The Last of Us this is the game for you.
,Not Recommended,214250,8250303,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Lord Songers,"This is a poor man's Last of Us. That's not so such that's a bad thing. It's just not very good, or engaging, or fun. Which I guess is something I look for in a game."
,Not Recommended,214250,9192974,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,ThWiplash,"Let's just start of by saying that I Am Alive is basically TLoU Lite (even though it came out much earlier). You're in a crapsack world, almost everyone is out to kill you, you take care of a little girl, go on platforming/climbing jaunts, and have a painfully limited supply of ammunition.Where I Am Alive falls apart is the story. The skeleton of something that could be really good is in here, somewhere, and you catch glimpses of it during your (short) stay in Haventon. Unfortunately, the story is never quite brought to fruition. Protracted delays in development, budget cuts, and a final rushed release (as an XBLA release instead of a full retail) all likely contributed to what is IMO an unfinished game.The game isn'tbadper se, it just doesn't do anything particularly well. The platforming could definitely have been done better; the stamina system is interesting, but I found far too many regen items and pitons (which you can use to rest while climbing to regain stamina) to make it really worthwhile. In the end, the whole system seems like a hindrance to my enjoyment of the game, rather than a useful mechanic. Combat is fairly basic, and usually boils down to picking off the people with firearms first, and then pushing the others off of cliffs or stabbing them. The rush you get from your first few hold-ups fades pretty quickly when you realize that EVERY encounter is the same.I would (possibly) have excused all of this had the story been more fleshed out. The ending seems absolutely shoe-horned in after the team ran out of funding.I find it hard to recommend this game to anyone, given how poorly it ends."
76561197966105913,Not Recommended,214250,17786662,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Revixy,The design decisions in this title crippled the games otherwise interesting plot.I'd spend my money on something else. If I were you.
76561198068431321,Not Recommended,214250,31566307,Posted: 5 May,all,mijxero,"I know its apocolyptic, but everything hurts my eyes.  It has an impressive level of screen tearing I've never seen before.  Its clunky and it loves to crash."
,Recommended,214250,2398585,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,Cade,"I Am Alive? More like I Am Alpha!Because it's a clearly rushed product that's not very well optimized, is ugly, is short as hell and ends strangely and abruptly.It's also one of the best B-games I've ever played.I Am Alive drops you into a world torn asunder by a cataclysmic event. You're just a guy looking for people from his past, trying to help those in need, and trying to survive in a harsh reality where everything's out to get you. Your main ability is climbing, and the climbing system of IAA is really well-done: it controls a lot like Uncharted or Tomb Raider, but with the addition of a Stamina system: the longer you climb, the more your bar depletes. If it gets to the end, you'll still be able to climb, but your maximum stamina capacity will slowly dwindle until you get to a resting spot. You can restore your max stamina with items, but it's a neat take on providing urgency to a system that's been used before.The combat is the second tier of the game, and it's also exceptionally well-done: the game utilizes an Intimidation system, which allows you to bluff your opponents using an empty gun while you try to control fights to your favor. Sometimes they'll call your bluff, and you'll have to either shoot them or go for a machete kill; other times, you might want to approach hostiles unarmed, wait for one to get close, and then attack with your machete, surprising everyone and giving you the upper hand. Ammo is scarce, and you don't want to waste a bullet: chances are if you miss a shot, you're about to die. The guns feel good, and the fact that unarmored foes die in one hit is an absolutely incredible way of finally adding realistic gunplay, which makes every encounter memorable. If you come across guys with guns, you either need to be unarmed and hope they come to search you or shoot them first. You will probably die a few times before you get the hang of things, and enemies flanking you might surprise you.You later get a bow, which leads to interesting combat encounters since arrows are recoverable and the bow is silent.The story, largely, is told by victims you save and the few friendly people you encounter on your journey and is well-written. The dynamic you have with the first friendly character you meet is the best, leading you to develop an emotional attachment to them. It's not going to win any awards, but it certainly helps to keep you motivated.The game's not without its flaws, however; the ending is rushed, unsatisfying, and leaves you with a lot of questions, and there are times when the checkpoint system can get very annoying. I played the game on Normal and it was pretty tough, but I never had to restart a chapter. There are segments where you wander aimlessly through the streets, hoping to find something climbable to either save you from the dust storms or lead you to the next destination. The game is also (not, in my eyes, a negative) very short (I clocked in at 4h059s) which could leave some people thinking they overpaid.I really liked my time within I Am Alive's world, and a fully-developed sequel or spin-off in the same world would be more than welcome.8/10 Bows and Bullets"
76561198027692026,Recommended,214250,17966051,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Jamez,"Pros:+ Atmosphere of abandonment, decline and hopelessness. Felt like LIMBO at times.+ The character feels like a veteran post apocalyptic survivor.+ Story is simple but believable.+ Well built environment. The urban setting looks like it's gone through hell.+ Loved the climbing which was one of the best features of the game.+ Enemy encounters feel very realistic. You barely make it out alive.Cons:- There were problems with the climbing mechanics. I wish it would have felt smoother and not so rigid. Also keys would not register at times.- Didn't really like the saving system, I would have enjoyed more control there.Verdict:It's a highly tactical post-apocalyptic survival game with a wonderful atmosphere. It's got a wonderful setting and some quite original features."
,Not Recommended,214250,13056872,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Larz,"This game is very broken. I started up and i wanted to play with my controller, dident work. then fine i play without but ♥♥♥♥ that. the game played itself and i could not even Do the master keys Control alt delete it. i was stuck in the game.Its nothing wrong with my pc. but if there is a fix to this problem please write it in the comments.Wasted 1 euro"
,Recommended,214250,8465131,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Talief,"I am Alive takes all the third-person running, gunning and jumping to make it a great game.It takes place in an apocalypse, and does it fantasticly it has to be one of the most correct representations of an apocalypse in a video game. Yet the games visuals let it down, but the high score of a 9/10 is pulled back by the beautiful story telling."
76561197990406921,Not Recommended,214250,15065720,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,"boring story, interestign gameplay"
76561197991177911,Not Recommended,214250,1310539,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Iceman,"Skip this game, I wish I had."
76561198017609035,Not Recommended,214250,8214911,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TDutchWalker,once you put it down ... you wont want to pick it back up ...
76561198047403189,Not Recommended,214250,9693274,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,uha™,Bad Game. Lots climbing less action.
76561198039200507,Not Recommended,214250,8820204,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,MaccBackPacker,What a♥♥♥♥♥♥game!!!
,Not Recommended,214250,9803945,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,kanpot2002,"This game SUCKS! Don't you dare ever pay a single cent on this game. Worst of Ubisoft.Reasons? Here you go:1. Very repetitive gameplay. Mostly just climbing the tower, and fight (the same) bad guys.2. Graphic poorly done. Don't believe the screenshot. They make all the dust and wind to hide their poor graphic quality.3. SUPER LINEAR story line. You can do nothing else but follow the path. I thought it's an open-world game in post-apocalypse city, but IT'S NOT!"
,Not Recommended,214250,8190208,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Webbie,A little too repetitive.
76561198001027551,Not Recommended,214250,2019374,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,Prankster,"I couldn't finish this game out of sheer boredom.  If you like action, this is not the game for you.  If you like knitting sweaters while watching the Care Bears, then rock on."
,Not Recommended,214250,3151702,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Zael,"More of Ubisoft's pipe running♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stay away. (I know the trailer looks good, but the game is seriously crap.)"
76561197972627965,Not Recommended,214250,595336,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Xex,"Plagued with bugs and crashes. The game hangs up on the first screen. If you get past that, it'll hang on the video settings screen. If you get past that, the mouse lags when trying to rotate the camera (while the fps remains high).If you get past that, then it'll crash, often.I was really looking forward to this, but judging by the forums, if it works for you, you're one of the lucky few.Avoid like the plague."
,Not Recommended,214250,9680715,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,✌☢ManOnTheMoon☣♛,"It's ok if it were made in a week,BUT SIX YEARS?! THIS IS TERRIBLE! I would recommend this game if it didn't take six years for it to be made.I rather buy Goat Simulator."
76561197989789822,Not Recommended,214250,7825120,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Clockwork Onion,"I advice strongly that you do NOT buy this game.It is the most linear game there is, survival elements only go as far as ""eat to get stamina"", wich isn't survival imo.At first startup there was a bug that wouldn't even let you change resolution. Contacting Ubisoft for support resulted in weeks of the most noob support I ever encountered. ""Did you restart the game?"" ""Have you tried deleting and reinstalling"".Once I finally got it to work in a proper resolution(with NO useful help from Ubisoft what-so-ever) I really wanted to play and like it, but oh the horrible controls and game mechanics. Not to mention the still horrible graphics on max settings.Do yourself a favour and buy something else. Seriously."
,Recommended,214250,26133784,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,PConsoul,"I really like the game. It is really surival game. You have to think before doing everything because you resources is limit. And I like the atmosphere of the game too. But as I said, this game is survival, so the fight is not the crazy fight that you run around and hit everyone you want but you will have to use your brain to think, to plan the acttack. So, if you don't like to SURVIVE, this game is not for you."
76561197970024915,Not Recommended,214250,7866909,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,The Apostle,"This game is pretty awful.  I bought it in a steam sale so it wasnt to much of a kick in the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Basically its the control system, level design and crap picks ups.  The  positives are the atmosphere and graphics/ textures which I think are quite moody.  I never really leave bad feedback for a game but this is probably the most awful title I have bought on steam.  Shame as it all looked very promising, even with an x-box controller I struggled with the controls which leave you putting your fist through the monitor."
,Not Recommended,214250,8000182,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,adult baby,sucks horse penos
,Not Recommended,214250,10183540,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,overscoper,"I first played this game right after reading The Road by Cormac McCarthy (which I recommend), and thus was recently exposed to a silent, vast, and depressing take on post-apocalyptic stories. Yet when I started this game up, I immediately got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at the main character for running his damn mouth off the entire time. ""Hey, I should climb up this bridge."" ""Ah, I almost fell into that huge chasm!"" ""I should avoid that scary looking guy whose visual cues are saying the same things that I am right now."" In the first 20 minutes of the game that I played, there was more monologing than the entirety of The Road, in which there were 200% more main characters. Maybe I just had my expectations up too high, but I believe that a setting like the one in this game should attempt to be truthful to what it intends to be instead of just a reskinning of Uncharted."
76561198049628385,Recommended,214250,11064708,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,GubiJDR,"A very good experience, though lacks a little something to be perfect."
,Recommended,214250,3824432,"Posted: 7 September, 2012",all,youtube.com/gmcfosho,"it's like book of eli, only you're white and not blind. It's like book of Eli on easy."
,Recommended,214250,3529078,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,Borracho,"A brave and innovative breed of survival horror. Had it been a full featured game, it'd be amongst the best of the year. Still, it provides some desperate combat scenarios, unlike anything seen in this generation of games."
,Not Recommended,214250,1003716,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,Defenestration,"This game intrigued me, despite its developer's hate-on for PC gaming. So I picked it up, and the mouse acceleration is so awful it's unplayable.No biggie, I say, I have a controller. Except that on a standard controller the buttons are all mixed up also to the point of being unplayable. Y is menu, aim is select, and fire is start.Do not buy this game."
76561197984358035,Recommended,214250,33585039,Posted: 16 July,all,Ninpo,"The best game in my libary. Only 8h of Gameplay, but if you want to chill on sunday and dream well at night this is the type of game. i bought it on sale for 7 bucks if you dont mind money the full price is okey for the service."
,Recommended,214250,33575586,Posted: 15 July,all,thresherGnat,"This game is a little short and doesn't have much gameplay depth, but it has some cool concepts and kept me interested."
76561198122878553,Not Recommended,214250,34765183,Posted: 5 September,all,Karl Pilkington,This game was fun right up until it crashes.  Not enough auto-save spots to make this just a nuissance.  I'm tired of playing the same sections of game play repeatedly hoping for no crashes.  Poo
,Recommended,214250,9359784,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,vela,"Really horrible on PC with mouse bugs and a few other issues. If you can look past that, or if a patch fix is released, it's a great experience."
,Not Recommended,214250,8252675,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,nazee zamby patriarch,"I was expecting some kind of survivalist masterpiece, and instead got an extremely linear tomb raider game without lara croft or her sweet funbags. I feel like I wasted my time."
,Not Recommended,214250,7679006,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Mölvääni,"Horrible.... Even playing Torchlight 2 made me feel more survivor than this... Doesn't even look good, not that I usually care, but if the whole game is this jotted, you simply shouldn't have released it... 3/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,8452495,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Quin,"I am Alive PC is a poorly executed console port, the frame rate and entire usability of the game suffers as a result. On certain hardware the game is unplayable, yet this seems to be hit or miss with no real way to find out until you try. Expect support requests to Ubisoft to follow the same mundane scripted responses before you actually get an answer."
,Not Recommended,214250,10191330,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Bender Bending Rodríguez,"The forced saving system is the most annoying thing they could have done to the game! If you die, you have to go back to the last savepoint or even replay the whole level. If they wanted to make a hard game ... they should have made a hard game, not a game where you have to replay uninteresting scenes to even get to the harder ones after you died. You can not test different strategies to master a(n otherwise) challanging fight, unless you are willing to play the level SEVERAL times just to get to said fight. This is not making it a challange, it is just f***ing annoying...I was so looking forward to this game when I saw the first trailer of it ... now it is just a disappointment to me :("
,Recommended,214250,11239184,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,GuillermoV,SPOILER:He ain't.A good game cut short. It's worth experiencing it.
76561198094654670,Recommended,214250,12717680,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,dad,"Good idea. I don't like the combat however. It feels like you're not the one in control, the computer is. 6/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,11206163,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Mythical☪,"Short, and uneventful. One of the games you say... ""I wish I had Torrented this, so I could have said it was a waste of bandwidth"""
,Not Recommended,214250,19400886,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Tao Pai Pai,Its a trap!! dont buy the game...1- worst controlls ive ever seen2- combat is very annoying you dont controll anything3- the game seems to control you and it should be the other way around.Ive played many bad games but this one deserved my first review.IN-GAME you have like 3 choices:- kill the people that are threating you- save injured people- scare people off with your pistol with 0 bulletsAnd then you have those climbing stuff like Uncharted but like a million times worseI really dont recommend this game even if its on 70% saleRATE: 4/10
76561197995115883,Not Recommended,214250,7858348,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,medtheshed,"The post apocalyptic landscape looks great and is quite atmospheric unfortunately the gameplay is stilted, in order to control the character you push a predefined series of buttons to make progress.A game which with better character control and a more open environment would have been very engaging and enjoyable."
,Not Recommended,214250,22171481,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Sysgen,"""Press X to push the guy in the hole"".   When prompted as such anyone with a reasonable degree of deciphering the English language would assume that initiating the proper neural impulses to exert one's thumb to press X would consequentially push the guy into the hole.   ApparentlyUbisoft Shanghaïthinks otherwise."
,Recommended,214250,10647091,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Uberwatch,"It's not necessarily a great game but an interesting take on a third-person climber/survival set in a post-apocalyptic fictional city. There's not much I can say.The story is generic but there are some interesting gameplay mechanics. You can use a gun (even if the clips are empty) to threaten and instill fear among hostile survivors and either choose to loot or kill them, or potentially leaving them alone. But I saw repetitive it's gotten.But let's look back at the game's history. From what I remember, I am Alive was announced in e3 2008 (or 2009). It was shown with a CGI trailer. At the time, I thought this was gonna be a game similar to The Last of Us but I am Alive was delayed for so long. When it finally came out, we got this.The current I am Alive which is on steam and other platforms was released as a downloable only title. So it never became a full retail game as originally promised."
,Recommended,214250,2097378,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Dave Dave,"I found myself quite impressed with what Ubisoft Shanghai managed to ship out of this project. Negatively, the story and voice acting are subpar and some of the gameplay mechanics get repetitive. However, outside of those quirks I was actually really engrossed by the game; the morality mechanics are interesting, the climbing is tense as hell, and the atmosphere is convicing for such a small game. For $15 it's a good price because it encourages replaying the whole game to beat previous scores, and during a sale it's definitely worthwhile to buy."
,Recommended,214250,51039,"Posted: 11 September, 2012",all,Lawie,If you love survival games...this is your kind of game... What I most enjoy is that you always have to make a moral choice... will you help others using your own items...or will you try to survive for yourself... and for yourself only?
,Recommended,214250,8173273,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,DizzyWascal,I Am Alive has a unique game world and gameplay. I like how I have to think hard on how to take down a gang that has confronted me. But the story... kind of didn't work out for the Developers. I do agree the game did drag on for a long time and they had to cut the game short.
,Recommended,214250,9204594,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Ashguard,"This game is brilliant. The depth and immersion of this game is unbelievable. There's no zombies. No irradiated monsters. Nothing like that. There's just people. And they act like people. Some just want to defend their home. Others want your stuff. The way you fight is fantastic as well. You fight with psychology, rather than your muscles. You'll almost always be outnumbered. You almost always won't have any ammo. Use your mind, surprise the bandits, and make them -think- that you have a bullet chambered in that pistol you're pointing at them. If you go in, gun up, you'll find yourself dead before you can even -try- and threaten them.Overall, you'll hardly ever see the ruined city you're in. You'll barely be able to see a few feet in any direction. But then you'll climb up and out of the dust, and the world will just open up before your eyes.One downside though, is it can occasionally go a little funny with the controls. This is a game where at times, it's quite plain that it's a port. But the slight irking from having your character shimmy along a ledge to the right, rather than climbing further up a building, is quite easily forgiven once you take everything else into stock.I'd heartily recommend this game to anyone who is fond of the survivor Post-Apocalyptia genre, with a heavy emphasis on realism when it comes to combat and exploration.9.5/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,9175407,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Lt.Grenade,"This game is fun at first, but quickly you notice the broken animations, the clipping, and the fact that all encounters are the same, give or take 1 element. Then, that 1 element gets repeated to the point where you are sick of it. The stamina managing gets annnoying, and can be solved by soda and hooks they practically give you. Though there is rarely a clear path, the game gives you a pently for going the wrong way with characters say annoying things over and over, or invisable walls pushing back the direction you came. The story and animations is also poorly written, and for a protangist that has a little girl, he treats this one he gets like a stray dog. Honestly, overall underwelming and boring after the first 30 mins."
76561198059733278,Not Recommended,214250,9207156,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,swatmancomp,Nobody buy this game. Worst game I've ever played in all the years I've played. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,214250,8145321,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,luckygreenfrog,I couldn't finish it. The game mechanics are cool but eventually got old to me since they're constantly recycled. It started off pretty cool even with its weak narrative mechanics. No idea if it finished strong. I believe I got half way.
76561198004230891,Not Recommended,214250,8260113,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Smug Pug,"It was interesting for the first... I don't know... 10 minutes.It is boring. Atleast to me.It is bland, its like playing in the WHITE animus loading screen from Assassins Creed the entire time.To its credit, it does make you feel like a survivor, but it just... makes you jump around too much and climb buildings instead of really traveling or searching for supplies to survive. It has a unique way of dealing with hostiles, but it's lacking diversity.If you are super post-apocalyptic love it junkie, then sure buy the game.. Otherwise, just maybe catch it on a friends computer."
76561198066944682,Not Recommended,214250,8243427,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ottomatic,"The game has an interesting concept, but its essentially Prince of Persia without all of the action.  In fact, if you waste your precious bullets on the wrong enemy, the others recognize what a tool you were and come swinging.  For a game called ""I Am Alive,"" there are a lot of scenarios where you can die for stupid reasons."
,Recommended,214250,4382289,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Metalgun Slinger,"'I Am Alive' blends together copious amounts of fog, blinding light, and a quadruple-tasteful film-grain effect. I say that because it's 4x the amount of film-grain as would be normally tasteful. These touches effectively drown out the alarmingly low-resolution textures of literally every non-interactive object surrounding the player at all times. tbh it's kind of neat though seriously i'm a sucker for post-apoc buy it for 2.99 someday"
,Recommended,214250,9175362,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,IllumiNini,"Just like many other people, I did expect more from this game. A lot more.That being said, this game is still very good. The puzzle-solving side of the game is incredibly fun, challenging and interesting as well as being quite well integrated into the story. On the topic of story, though quite limited, it is still quite engaging and very interesting.Is this game as much as it could have been? Definitely not.Is this game good? Yes.Is it worth buying? Most definitely!"
76561197966555858,Not Recommended,214250,9198732,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Kriegen,"This game sounds good on paper and incorporates many cool ideas, but a few very bad design choices and a poor overall execution make it not worth your time."
,Recommended,214250,1971739,"Posted: 19 January, 2013",all,George Costanza,Fantastic game. Unique in everyway and amazing atmosphere. Highly recommended.
76561198008427348,Recommended,214250,2505164,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,_E_,"Bleak,depressing, with no hope of survival. I Am Alive is onegame (for some time), has captured the feeling of being in apost apocalyptic world with a sense of being in mortal dangerupon every turn whether its to engage/elude an enemy ordecisively pick apart a group in order to defuse unavoidablethreats.Though challenging I Am Alive plays with a veryinteresting subject the art of deception, to fool enemies with yourpistol into submission in order to take them out non-fatally, orplay bait to the unsuspected in order to disarm them of theirweapons.I find this game to be rather underwhelming inexecution but it more than makes up for in the atmosphere andsomewhat unique idea of fight or flee moments. Strategy is keyin order to survive I definitely recommend this game to peoplewho are looking for a different change in pace and gameplay."
,Not Recommended,214250,7847546,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Laminated Parrot,"This game could be okay if it wasn't so buggy.A little advise for developers: test and fix your game's mouselag before you release it. Last summer the game still had mouselag, i wont bother download it to see if its fixed.I wonder if they ever tested pc version."
76561198042112689,Not Recommended,214250,8863058,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,MaxJacobusVoid,"0/5 starsI can't even begin to play it to find out how good the storyline is: the camera control makes the gameplay crappy as hell.I'm unable to turn the camera around, no matter what the settings are at in the contol options, with my mouse without it chopping up or refusing to turn at all."
76561198050486935,Not Recommended,214250,7976009,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,thinker021,"If I was payed to get this game, instead of paying for it, I would still not consider it worth the money. Clunky controls, nonsensical mechanics (you lose stamina when climbing, even if you aren't moving, even if you're on a ladder), pointless drawn out gameplay, poorly designed combat, bad graphics, uninteresting story. There isn't a single thing this game did well.It's quite obvious that the engine was meant for an Uncharted style adventure game, but the developers ran out of money, so they rushed out a ""survival horror"" game, with a handful of pointless ""survival"" gimmicks, that serve no purpose other than to make the game harder so as to artifically pad playtime.It's not a fifteen hour game if ten of those hours are replaying the same boring part because you can't save where you want.If I could modify it to remove the absolutely pointless survival gimmicks, it would just be a mediocre game. As it is, it is by a wide margin the worst video game I have ever played."
76561198029211752,Not Recommended,214250,8849003,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Bolathia,"It is a bit too straightforward, I had problems with the controls not always responding, and most of the game is just climbing up a pole to get out of the dust. I would not recommend playing this game."
76561197971250236,Recommended,214250,504769,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Ķđặở™®,"na minha opinião um excelente game, diferente do convencional com uma atmosfera parecida com silent hill do psone e levado por um mundo apocaliptico em busca de fuga e da família, muito original!"
,Recommended,214250,4823575,"Posted: 31 October, 2012",all,IceDoesnthelp,"For once this is a serious recommendation. I'm actually enjoying this experience, except for the issues with the mouse and GRAY at times, but thats besides the point it's a fun, and thought provoking game, and I love it."
,Recommended,214250,7707419,"Posted: 20 November, 2013",all,jakmsu,"Great story, great visuals, and intense gameplay where you don't feel like you're being babied.  This was one of my favorite gaming experiences.  Some people complained about the controls, but I had no problems with it."
76561198001338650,Not Recommended,214250,7749159,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,jennderqueer,"This does not work on most systems. Unless you want to disable a specific hardware protocol to get rid of the micro-stutter, don't get it."
76561198081719996,Not Recommended,214250,8790930,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,P-Flanz,I'm not ripping on the game itself but if you're computer isnt good enough this game will be frustrating. This is the first game i've ran into on my computer that I couldn't play. And I've played some very demanding games.
76561198095744986,Recommended,214250,8953757,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,1Step2Short,"I am loving this game right now, the gameplay is hard. But at soem parts it really hits to heart and that's what everybody enjoys. I highly reccomend this game to anyone if they like post apocalyptic gameplay. All our fun shooter."
,Not Recommended,214250,9198786,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,[85th] Mjr Silence Dogood,"Don't buy this game unless it's like... $5.00. Every combat situation is exactly the same. The whole game is walking, climbing, running, and that's about it. Don't get it.4 of 10"
76561197982350432,Recommended,214250,9722471,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,[RBC] Hypo,"Picked up this game during one of the Steam sales for a bargain price. Glad I only paid the cheaper price as the game became very repetitive by the end. I would still reccommend the game though, just dont pay the full price. If your looking for a puzzle platformer with some startegy then give it a shot. Nothing really noteworthy happened in the game and I felt like I was just going through the motions. I finished the game for my 'lets play' series and then instantly uninstalled after finishing."
,Recommended,214250,1227705,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,Ale & Yorsh,"Not a perfect game, but I Am Alive is fun, got some decent platforming and interesting (though a bit repetitive) combat and a really enviroment design.Other than some weirdly low quality textures here and there the quality is top notch and the levels are very moody though not as open as they could have been.Advice: play the game in easy, the difficulty itself remains the same but you dont have to deal with limited lives which by the way, was a completely stupid idea.Veredic: For a budget title it's pretty damn good."
,Recommended,214250,9215803,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Vicious,"This game was great. I loved the post apocolyptic atmoshere that is created by the dust filled air and crumbling cityscape. Everything feels like it's going to fall apart around you. Seeing other people is terrifying as you don't know what they will do. Or if you can fight them off. Even if your gun is out of ammo you can bluff and point it at people and they will back away from you. Climbing a huge part of the gameplay and it is great. The only thing I di not like was the ending. It was just so suden as if they just stopped writing and attempted to create an ending which felt really unsatisfying. I really wanted to know more about what was going to happen in this world. In colnclusion, I Am Alive is a very decent game and short game. It had all the right ideas but it just did not deliver a conlcusive ending."
,Recommended,214250,7980936,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,not:a:part:of:your:system,"Sort of slow-paced thriller game.  The combat is weak, but it's an interesting spin on the usual mash-up of 'shooter' games.  You have to choose whether to run, shoot, stealth, or try to muscle out the fights.  Ammo is SO incredibly hard to find that it really makes you think about having a game plan before you just run in guns blazing.  But the combat is not why you play this game.  The environmental exploration, navigation, and stamina climbing are exhilirating.  Many times you're climbing hundreds of feet above the city streets, your stamina is inching closer to empty and you're putting forth max effort just to hang on before falling to your death.  That's where the game's strength appears.  The music and hud elements really get your heart pumping as you make quick decisions in this post-apocalyptic city.  Finally the element of helping various people around the city:  do you risk giving up your well-earned supplies to help out those around you in need, or will you need that when you're dangling hundreds of feet in the air and on your last breaths?  Overall 5/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,2143526,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Gramps,Ugh... thank Valve for sales... but save yo money on this one.
,Recommended,214250,26419741,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Scillei,"As a fan of the post-apocalypse genre i'll have to give this game a thumbs up.PROS:There aren't many First Person Shooters within this genre that actually simulate how it'd be to live in a completely devastated urban environment, this game attempts to bring you that feeling and does the job somehow well. Instead of going around wielding dual machine guns and spray-n-praying like a rambo, you should focus on conserving almost everything you have due to the scarcity of in-game goods.CONS:Windows 10 users will suffer with glitchy mouse tracking.The game was fairly short in my opinion.There are only three weapons throughout in the whole game."
,Not Recommended,214250,14104558,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,sargosis,"I found this game unplayable. It has a strictly linear path that makes the chaos of the level seem completely pointless, but on top of that, there was some kind of rendering glitch, where the ground of the level would dissapear and re-appear depending on the direction I ran. It made literally walking around impossible, and despite lowering graphics settings to minimum, the problem never went away."
76561198058226508,Not Recommended,214250,14603973,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,smokefroge,If you like being a urban rock climber then this is the game for you. In total it seemed like I had about 2 clips worth of ammo throughout the entire game. This game is very short and in my opinion SPOILER ALERT has a ending that is lacking to say the least. I do not recommend this game.
76561198058852586,Not Recommended,214250,9234887,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Conso,Simply put: No.
76561198063345224,Not Recommended,214250,13751514,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,john.soper52,"I think it and ALL these downloadable games from Steam, and GameStop sells are TOTAL CRAP!I haven't had a SINGLE one work without MAJOR problems, or just not run at all. I think it's a scam that they have going here. I've requested help from GameStop, but they pass all troubles off onto Steam. Steam doesn't respond with helpful information, if any response at all.Steam, if you're monitoring, this is a SHOUT OUT to You. I challege you to contact me via my email and work all these bugs out once and for all. Then POST it for everyone else out there, because it's pretty obvious that this is a MAJOR problem/SCAM you have going.Clean it up, or maybe I'll have to report you to say the FCC, Federal Trade Commission, etc.I am presently logged in, finally found a spot where your stuff admits I have ""I AM Alive'"" in my library. The ""Library"" tab disappeared from your page. I am given 2 options. to Install Steam or Play Now, except the Play Now option is INOP.Steam You have some...a lot of Fixing to do."
76561198076600949,Not Recommended,214250,14440483,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Are you a Hong Kong journalist,"I can live with the fake open-world, but the camera is simply a disaster. Why can't i just look around a bit more smoothly?"
,Not Recommended,214250,13580556,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,face,Boring
,Not Recommended,214250,14803434,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,alanmarchman,It's just OK. Pick it up when it's on sale with a really deep discount. It could have been a lot more. The story didn't play out in a very positive way.
,Not Recommended,214250,14581281,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,BDA,"don't buy this: it's broken, the controls literally don't work."
,Not Recommended,214250,14640637,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,lilblueguydragon,"Was way to short of a game, the creators could have extended the game in so many different ways"
76561198030067574,Not Recommended,214250,14426671,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Racist Baby Slapper,I have had more enjoyable bowel movements.
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,214250,7963784,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pandito,Realistic and frustrating...
76561198038869267,Not Recommended,214250,7996093,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,richardstheone,A total waste of money.
,Recommended,214250,26166173,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Full Metal Body,good game
,Recommended,214250,8763726,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,"u dont operate, do u son?","English has no words for how amazing this was. For me, everything was balanced. I didn't feel rushed, yet I didn't feel it was moving too slow. The game mechanics such as intimidating or stealth do need a little work but everything else was just awesome."
,Recommended,214250,10387560,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Dafoosa,I did like this game. Beautiful environments and the climbing is fun. I do recommend playing on easy though. I found normal dificulty too frustrating; I couldnt master the itimidation feature at first and the save points are a killer.  I.e. so play on easy to enjoy the game the first time through.
,Not Recommended,214250,3036031,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,KILLARE,본격 주인공 오지랖 넓히기 게임. 메타스코어 60점대를 받은 이유를 알만 하다.
,Recommended,214250,1861246,"Posted: 30 September, 2012",all,Ashley - Valentine,If you're a fan of the survival style post-apocalyptic genre you will love this game. It's like Mirrors Edge meets Walking Dead. Minus the zombies. Here it isn't the dead ones you have to worry about.
,Recommended,214250,28109191,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,bobvamdamm,GOOD game need to be lomger!
,Not Recommended,214250,11114302,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,geekaycee,"Don't waste your money on this game! While the graphics are good, and the storyline sounds interesting, the gameplay and combat controls are just absolutely rubbish. Be prepared to reload the game continuously just to get past each combat scenario!"
,Not Recommended,214250,11128720,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Overswarm,"Not worth a purchase. It's too involved for a short amount of playtime and not good enough to play it for a long period of time. It lacks polish and isn't innovative in any way, so its cookie cutter approach (and long, long climbing animations) make it seem worse than it is."
,Not Recommended,214250,9877404,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,The___Rookie,"This game's controls are garbage, and like steams policy is: no refunds.  Junk."
76561197964124059,Recommended,214250,10860953,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Salem Rich Trials,"It shows that this title went through development hell, which is an incredible shame. At it's core, it's a fantastic survival game. It features chilling atmosphere worthy of a space next to The Road. The gameplay is fun. It falls short in a few areas and is by no means perfect (it would be nice if there was a better stealth mechanic to the game). When it comes to the story, it's entertaining, but short with a very unresolved and abrupt ending---It feels as though the game's development hell caused only the first half of it to be completed.The exploration levels would be fun if it wasn't for the incredibly aggrivating and pointless checkpoint save/retry system. You could spend 20 minutes exploring Haventon collecting loot only to die and have the game revert to the beginning of the level without retaining any of your found items.All in all, there is enough here to make up for the pitfalls and make it worth playing, especially if it's on sale. It's a shame this game didn't do well for the studio. I would gladly play a sequel that was given a proper development cycle."
76561197970573783,Not Recommended,214250,26295192,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Frontfish,Bought this game years ago and was extremely disapointed.its basically a climbing game with zero feel or atmosphere and no sense of acomplishment throughout the levels.Frustrating...
,Recommended,214250,12672979,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,SightlyFir,Just brilliant. Moody. Interesting control system (in a good way). And good story.
,Not Recommended,214250,271507,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,Grim_2o0o,"I Am Alive? More like I Am Dead Inside and All my Hopes and Dreams are CRUSHED.Of course we all expected this to turn out bad, but since I am such happy-go-lucky guy I decided that ignorance is bliss and hopefully I could get that abandoned and scared feeling when playing this game, but nope, all I got was some Assassin's Creed wannabe with a insta-kill bow. Even on hardest difficulty.Now excuse me while I cry myself to sleep and go back to playing Solitare.Better yet I'll play Disaster on the Wii, ♥♥♥♥ this garbage."
,Not Recommended,214250,33458950,Posted: 11 July,all,Mr. Brightside,"This game the potential to be Ubisoft's introduction into the post apocoalypitic genre, but no. They blew it by treating us gamers like ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ monkeys that have never played a game before in our lives and terrible controls (Who the hell makes ""run"" left click). The controls offer some customizations, though the damage is already done when each key is bound to multiple actions.The story itself is ""meh"", a father trying to get to his family, but the writers got lazy with the side story, having continuity errors and characters change their minds way too fast. Adding on to this, the voice acting to sub-par, with cliches hiding around every corner.The music is surprisingly not that bad, though it gets intense af when your quickly rechargable stamina gets too low.This is a game, that someone would buy while drunk, and with a sale going on. (Guilty) Imagine a buggyer Assassins Creed, but in a Fallotu setting"
,Not Recommended,214250,12577599,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Finithesis,"I felt like the objectives and areas were far too forced and like I didn't have the options that were portrayed in the trailers. Finding and using bullets only one at a time was contrived and made it obvious (I clearly currently have this single bullet so that I can break that single lock to go to the next space) and obligatory. The multi-level movement was difficult, contrived, and overall didn't feel right. As cool as it was to be rewarded for hanging off a building by a sewer pipe by being given access to the next area, dying six times because you didn't see and aim for the sewer pipe many seconds before the roof you're balanced on collapses for no reason is excessive. Honestly, I felt like the game's movement could have been replaced by a point and click system where the screen is presented to you all at once, then your monkey-man character climbs six stories up an elevator shaft with a child on his back because you clicked a single button. I wanted to absolutely love the game and was overall not just disapointed that it wasn't great, but crushed that it was actually bad."
,Not Recommended,214250,34939054,Posted: 13 September,all,Grognard_87,"Though the initial idea of this game is due to a lack of ammo and trying to survive with your guts, which I can agree with, the problem is every combat becomes a simple puzzle of ""Oh, shoot the guy with a gun then kill the mellee characters"" however the real pain is that you can't fight very well in the game.The only mellee attacks you have is to either sneak up, finish someone off or a long ""struggle"" whilst other people are trying to kill you at the same time. It feels like a poor version of The Last of Us, only not being good.The climbing was a pain with the stamina meter and at one point, just pointless if you're like me and search every area for every little item. You can be climbing up a building, low on stamina and then drink soda or something else to refill your stamina making the pitons useless later in game.The story itself is quite bland, we've all heard this story before of a man who is trying to find his wife and daughter, having no trouble slicing through and shooting anyone who gets in his way from cannabals to some innocent people protecting their stuff (if you choose to attack them) without batting an eyelid. I'd suggest save your money for something better like ""This War Of Mine""."
76561197998666371,Not Recommended,214250,13023055,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,halflifemisfit27,"I am SO VERY HAPPY that I purchased this game as a Halloween special, I think I paid $3.00 for it. I have a special liking for post-apocalyptic games, but if I had paid full price for this I would have been very upset.The game starts off promising, with a bleak color scheme and appropriate moody music as you're placed in the shoes of a character who's arrived at his home town, and is trying to find a way to his dwelling. You have a gun but no bullets. OK, fine. Mad Max didn't have bullets for his gun half the time, but it was still an unforgettable experience of a movie. You come to a bridge which has been blown to pieces, and the tutorial system helpfully prompts you to jump the gap here, climb the post there. OK, fine. Normally I have little patience for jumping puzzles, but Half Life had its share, and that was one of the best games I ever played.And this is where the game betrays its console roots. And no, I'm not a PC purist. I own a PS2, and PS3, and a Wii. I grew up playing Nintendo. There are some wonderful console games out there. This is not one of them. Here is why: While climbling, you have a stamina meter. OK, fine. Realistic. No one can hang by their fingers indefinately. You have to climb smart, or you'll run out of energy and fall. But, the game doesn't merely expect you to use common sense. It presents a jumping/climbing puzzle that demands perfection. You have JUST ENOUGH energy to make it where you need to get to. If you waste ANY time, even so much as a tenth of a second, you're going to fail. And fail. And fail some more. After ten tries I was able to get close to my objective. After ten more tries I was able to begin a final reach to the sanctuary of a ledge. And that's as close as I got. After the seventh time of running out of energy and falling to my death within that final reach, I gave up. Any game that throws a puzzle like this at you, a puzzle where literally one tenth of a wasted second counts, at the very beginning of the game... Well, to quote Eric Cartman, ""Screw you guys, I'm going home."" Some players would view this as a challenge. More power to them. I view it as frustrating and as lazy game design.To be fair, I'm not doing this game justice by reviewing it after only an hour of gameplay. But I say if the first bite of a sandwich contains excrement, you have no one else to blame if you take a second bite. Or, God forbid, finishing the entire thing just because you paid good money for it. And scanning other reviews has indicated that this opening puzzle of frustration is only the tip of the iceberg.The funny thing is, I've spent far more time writing this review than such a game deserves. But if I save even one gamer from throwing away $15.00 on this, then my work is done here."
,Not Recommended,214250,12812188,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Cyran Atlas,"After about an hour of playing this game, here is my view of it:[5/10]Graphics-wise, it's extremely white/bright and has that horrible grain effect that doesnt let you fully enjoy the beauty of the map that isn't actually there.[5/10]Sound-wise, The audio was all over the place. I suppose the support for 5.1/7.1 surround sound was horribly done in the game, because any people that talked were always somewhere else than from where the sound was coming from.[3/10]Controls-wise, the controls are a little irritating, and for me, getting the camera to move at all was a challenge. I would be dragging my mouse across my entire desk just for the game to recognise that I wish to turn(no, it isnt the sensitivity, something is stopping the camera from moving). This may just be me, but it made it un-playable and ruined the game within the first 5 minutes.[1/10]Combat-wise, absolutely lazy. Ammo is extremely scarce, from what i've seen(and from other reviews), you constantly have only one bullet at your disposal. The only way to melee people is to get up-close and personal to them. while everyone is attempting stabbing you in the sides, you gotta walk up and press 'E' to attack.(I may be missing another form of combat/control, but trying over and over I couldn't find anything, correct me if I'm wrong).[6/10]Story-wise, somewhat enjoyable. Even though the start is a bit cheesy, the story seems to have more pontential than anything else in the game. While only an hour in, however, I can't say much about it.[3/10]Options-wise, there are almost no customization settings what-so-ever. In the video settings, you can change the brightness, the resolution, the aspect ratio, anti-aliasing, the graphic quality itself(low, medium, or high), FXAA, or VSync. This menu leaves you no room to really adjust the graphics for that 'high quality' look. The audio settings is just the volumes of main, music, voice, and sound effects. This doesn't bother me as much, but I was hoping for some options for surround-sound, coming from a semi-stealth game.Overall I would say this game is about a 4/10 from my view of it within an hour of game-time. I may be missing more good things or bad things about the game, but so far this game wasn't worth it."
76561198063790147,Not Recommended,214250,18882394,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,博 The_Mirto 安,"I Am Alive just stinks. It looks like a bad PS2 game, frame rate is obscene, controls are horrible and this kind of black and white filter will punch you right in the eyes. I don't know much about the story because I'm gonna ask for a refund. Talking for what I saw, it's probably one of the worst things I've ever played."
76561197995873407,Not Recommended,214250,12821093,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Sabine Wren,"Bought this game when it was on sale for Halloween. For three dollars, yeah it'd be worth it. For full price? No.In short, it's very simplistic and feels very lazy. The characters are laughably simplistic with very little background ever established... which would really help given the main character seems to have the skillset of an Assassin from the Assassin's Creed franchise. I really would like to know how he's able to scale bridges and parkour on the level he does.For a game about survival in a post-apocalyptic world there's very little actual survival and more on-rails walking engagement to engagement. You can't scavenge from the rubble, can't check inside containers or trash cans. This by itself hurts immersion.What totally kills the immersion is the fact that even the fights are puzzles. You have to kill certain enemies in certain ways and in a certain order or you're dead before you know it. Stranger still is the ability to carry just one bullet for your magazine-fed handgun. There's no simple melee, no way to counter someone running up on you and no way to grapple someone less than a foot away from you with a firearm.Even the animations are lazy. There's a scene wherein the main character is carrying a child on his back and ends up having to use his machete to break a chain. Our hero then sheaths this machete into the child's character model.In conclusion? Boring, frustrating and not worth it. For a much better urban survival experience I'd reccomend the Fallout franchise."
76561198115551531,Not Recommended,214250,25469360,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,»Â¹« BigBoiGamer,Awsome little game. Just not through steam. Couldn`t get controller to work properly. Played on xbox360 couldn`t fault it. Downloaded it through torrent site. Works as its supose to. Thank you torrent site.
,Recommended,214250,15080288,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Pirokasa,"What you can expect from this game:Lots of ClimbingGreat Apocalyptic SceneryExcellent Twist EndingSmooth Visual Gameplay ExperienceThe gameplay tactics in I Am Alive are like none other in the sense that you receive so little ammunition for anything, and by increasing the difficulty, you're left with less. The climbing experience leaves something to be desired, mainly because of how repetetive it becomes when one runs out of stamina and supplies, but if you've already played the game through on Novice difficulty, you should know when to use supplies and when not to. All in all, this game definitely passes for the following genres:-Post-apocalyptic-Survival-Exploration-Mood Altering AtmosphereThanks for reading."
76561197991921123,Recommended,214250,13291278,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,meshuggah12345,"I Am Alive is easily one of my favorite games, it has a decent plot and fairly well acted voice-overs. The gameplay is a mix of Resident Evil style scavenging and Prince of Persia-esque climbing sections.Your characters stamina bar plays a huge part in how you play this game. Most every action causes it to drain. Running, climbing, and struggling to break locks. When you enter the areas the NPC's refer to as ""the fog"", which is dust and ash in the air caused by storms your stamina constantly drains. Do you risk a few more moments searching dusty streets for vital resources, or climb back up to saftey and let it recharge? You will find yourself constantly watching it well into the later ares of this game.You will come across other survivors and you must decide what to do. Some may be hostlie, some may need help, the intimatation combat is very well done in this game. You are actually able to hold hostiles at gunpoint even when you may not have any ammo. Don't wait too long to act or they may realize your gun is empty and attack.I am currently on my second playthrough of this one and still get the feelings I got when playing it the first time.  Fear, panic, sadness... all are present here throughout the entire game. You never feel overly powerful even after getting some of the better gadgets and weapons. The downside to this game is the rather low resolution textures. However seeing that this is and always has been a $15 dollar title, It can be forgiven as the game is thouroughly entertaining."
76561198067627641,Recommended,214250,13542227,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Galford,"I wasn't a 100% sure when I bought this game. Saw it on sale and decided to give it a try. What a nice surprise I got. Good graphics, nice gameplay, story is kind of weak but you won't notice once you go deep in the game. I must say I expected more but 9 hours were enough for me to beat it. I'll need more to get all the achievements unlocked of course, and that's where the game fails, cause honestly the replay value is low if the story is weak. 8/10. Hope to see some DLC or a second part soon."
,Not Recommended,214250,14522635,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,T R :o Y,"Was really excited for this game and picked it up during a sale. Initially I tried to run it on my Win7 64bit (GTX460 / 12gb RAM) and it just crashed after a few minutes regardless if I was in the game or in the menu. Gave it up for dead after loads of troubleshooting.Now a year later I tried to start it up on my gaming laptop (Win8 64bit / GTX860M / 12gb RAM) and it would not detect the controller, has 5fps at any resolution over 1024x768, and everything stutters to the point of lag even if I'm running it at 800x600 on lowest settings. Gave up again after some troubleshooting.The game not working on two completely different builds with different OS's is really lame. Think its time to give it up for good. :("
,Not Recommended,214250,21591531,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,✝ Meatbolt® ✝  מַלְכֵּי־צֶדֶק,"port is unplayable, nice ripoff"
,Not Recommended,214250,12801299,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Purim,"I was expecting more like a ""the last of us""... instead I got 98% climbing."
,Recommended,214250,12882594,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Blooey,"I Am Alive might be one of the most ambitious and under-rated XBLA games of all time.The niceties that are usually reserved for AAA gaming experiences are all present here. The soundtrack is stunning, the gameplay is innovative, and the atmosphere is remarkable.That said, there are some problems with this game that do need to be addressed.For one, there's a grainy filter that runs over the screen for the entire game. This isn't a glitch, but a purposeful design choice by the developers, presumably to make the game feel more gritty (or something). I don't quite understand the need for it, and it makes the game look pretty ugly.There's also a stamina bar that slowly drains as you exert energy in the game, either by climbing buildings or traversing through the thick fog in the streets. When the bar gets about halfway down, the un-settling sound of shrieiking violins will fill your ears, indicating that your character doesn't have much longer to survive. This cranks the tension up to 11 during moments that might otherwise be a monotonous trudge, but by the 9th or 10th time it happens, you'll be looking for any excuse to avoid making your stamina drop. By the 50th time, you'll be taking off your headphones, setting them on your desk, and shaking your head in dissapointment. Sure, it's scary, and the sound sends chills up my spine, but there's no relief from it. That dreadful buzz will accompany nearly every moment of this game. It begins to feel like a cheap way to add horror into a game that really isn't that horrifying.Other than that, I Am Alive is captivating. The ""intimidation"" style combat feels excellent and believeable. Enemies will cower under your gun while you're pointing at them, but if you don't shoot for an extended period, they'll start to think you're bluffing, and they'll rush you. If you shoot while you're out of bullets, enemies will take note of it, and seize the oppurtunity to slice you with their machetes. It's a decently in-depth system for a downloadable title, and it makes you seriously consider each encounter carefully.Overall, I Am Alive is an impressive game. The story is simple, but well-told, and the character dialogue sounds natural. Shout-out to the voice actors as well, who do some amazing voiceovers for these characters. Their contribution to the game makes the world even more believable, and one that you'll want to get lost in."
76561198007688772,Not Recommended,214250,22633432,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Aargh,"DO NOT BUYThis is the worst survival game I have ever played. Where do I even start...Bad controls. For example, you run using a left mouse button! The left mouse button! Yes, you can change key bindings but the same button is used for shooting, so you either have both running and shooting on LMB or none of them.And this is even better: You can jump and climb only on specific spots where the developer allowed you to. Forget basic logic - you can climb this truck but not the same truck over there. You can grab this ledge but not that one. This turns the game into a guessing game. Guess where's the path the level designed made for you, because you can't go anywhere else!The savepoint system. There is only one hard savepoint at the beginning of each chapter. So if you leave the game too soon or the game crashes (happened multiple times to me), be prepared to replay last 20-30 minutes.There are also more soft checkpoints that you can use to spawn after death but the devs had another great idea - let's severely limit the number of respawns and if you spend them all, replay the whole chapter! Isn't it a great idea in a trial&error game where you can hardly predict or plan anything during your first playthrough? Splendid! Thankfully, the easy mode has unlimited respawns.The savepoint system has one other major catch. It also your saves your stamina capacity, health and ammo. And this brings the last ""tiny"" problem with...The stamina system. This is the thing that made me quit the game for good. I'm fine with a stamina bar that you need to recharge by resting a bit. But here, if you spend all stamina points (which is often unavoidable in this game) you maximum stamina capacity starts to decrease. And the capacity doesn't recover by itself, you need to use very rare consumables to get the full stamina back.So it's pretty easy to end up on a savepoint with only 20 % stamina bar, no consumables, and a long climbing sequence or a dust storm ahead. At this point your're done because it's impossible to continue, you die or fall almost immediately. Restarting the checkpoint doesn't help because it doesn't restore the stamina bar. And in my case the checkpoint was also a chapter savepoint so restarting the last chapter didn't help either. My only choices were either to restart the previous chapter and replay everything again (risking the same problem in the end), or to delete this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥from my computer.I chose the latter."
,Not Recommended,214250,16889911,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Antechrist,"As much as I was enjoying the story, the consolitis just ruined it for me. Such a let-down."
,Recommended,214250,8039752,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,admin potter,אנוכי חי
,Recommended,214250,13001858,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Arcxhym,"Great Game feels like a mix between assassins creed, prince of persia, and Last of Us.  Great story and graphics, if you like the games listed above Buy it 8/10"
76561198049838287,Not Recommended,214250,28261551,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,dajayosan,"Doggone this game pisses me off, primarily because the save system is so erratic and unpredictable.  I ended up doing the same things over and over again, simply because I don't have countless hours to wander around until I can finallly find a save point.  Even then a found save point is no guarantee that, if you log off entirely, that it won't throw you back to some vague save point from the past.  Very very frustrating with no sense whatsoever.  That coupled with the mouse usage in a fight or when lifting a door - you have to tap the LMB furiously to accomplish your task and believe me you can't do it with just your index finger resting on the LMB.  NOOOOO!!!  I have to hit ""E"", grab the mouse with my Left hand, then using my Right index finger, pound the LMB into submission.  And half the time that doesn't work either.  Games should be FUN, not endless repetitive work, so I'm giving this game a resounding thumbs down.  It's not a pretty game, the graphics and landscape interaction are minimal, and most of the time everything is shrowded in fog.  Pointless, simply pointless.If you insist on playing this game here's a suggestion.  Play it on EASY.  The reason to do so is simple.  On any other level the only way you get to continue after you die, and you WILL die many many times, is if you accumulate ""Replays"" by saving somebody.  This is the ONLY benefit of saving somebody!  On EASY you get INFINITE REPLAYS.  That is the ONLY change in the game, so why not?  You control the game; the game doesn't control you!  Otherwise the game consists of saving the same characters OVER AND OVER AGAIN to accumulate replays to move on.  FRUSTRATING IN THE EXTREME.  If your ego or pride won't let you play on EASY, even tho it makes no difference any other way, then you get exactly what you deserve."
,Recommended,214250,13535530,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,OneDaySon,"This game is highly underrated and has been given a questionable rating.This is possibly the top game in terms of a post-apocalyptic setting and gives players a pure believable survival experience. It's atmospheric setting in a darker world that we all know, and a plot to keep us enticed until the end shows us a gripping; captivating; depressing; miserable; and almost always utterly brilliant game.The crafty and clever use of a dust-filled city may make up for the graphics that have been questioned but I am quite comfortable with how they are regardless.An interesting feature, which I would love to see more in games, is their use of the gun. We can stick people up. Literally, if you want something in this world you can point your gun in their face and watch as they cower. You can do the right thing and help people with supplies that are scarce, or rob them.Do not underestimate the scarcity of supplies because as I said before, it IS the most believable survival experience.I actually felt like I robbed them for getting this on sale :/Epic game and I am still looking for another game like it. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,18932639,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Bonus,"Played for an hour and the autosave system put me back half an hour on reload. The whole ""don't pull out your weapon"" gimmick got to feel overdone just in that hour. Thanks to the poor autosave system, I'll likely never go back to this."
,Recommended,214250,26106006,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Raging_B0n3R™,"I bought this gme hoping it will be ""the last of us"" for PC but it turned out to be that its not....its a great game though if you want a bit of challenge, ammo count is limited your resources is very limited so you should really think how to fight the enemies effectively my verdict 8/10"
76561198128202069,Not Recommended,214250,34039211,Posted: 5 August,all,nate014,"It looked like a good game, but it is very broken. Plus with a good PC, you still get frame drops at random times, and the story stops right when it is getting good."
76561197975871471,Not Recommended,214250,12931979,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,ReZiiN,"Garbage, and a half. I loath that I spent $2.00 on this."
,Not Recommended,214250,8069452,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Gaudy Goat,bought this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥for 2 dollars and it was still too expensive. They should've paid me to play it.Avoid.
,Not Recommended,214250,26563059,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,cockvomit,"Hands down one of the WORST ""survival"" games I have ever played. Game pretends you'll get to make choices but it is 100% linear. Everybody must die and on top of that killing people is hard. I get a machete very early on and then dont even get the ability to freely use it to kill people. Furthermore every time I die and reload the game crashes with a new error every time. You'd be an idiot to buy this game and will only play it again if somebody pays me."
76561198005445918,Not Recommended,214250,26296648,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,NecroLyte UDL,Terrible character controls (mouse and keyboard).
76561198118238132,Recommended,214250,18966673,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Mass,"All around good game. Graphics aren't spectcular, but its not really a problem. Has the atmosphere of the Last of Us, but thats about it. Gameplay is best described as a puzzler. You have to think before you act otherwise youll more than likely die. I don't really like that one mistake makes it 99.9% you'll die, but I guess that's a bit more realistic. Some moments seemed really challenging, and were almost too difficult at times, at least in terms of combat. Climbing aspect was fun and a good way to challenge your mind. However in terms of control, it could be unresponsive. trying to slide down a pole could cause you to move left or right several times instead, (which if you play you'll understand why it can be frustrating) and aiming, shooting, attacking could also freakout at times, but mostly aiming because of accidental switching between targets. Armored enemies were kind of OP because there were only two weak points, and because of tedious aiming capability made it hard to be accurate. Stealth was hardly even an optin because as soon any of the characters are in visual range they react, and most are placed in a way that makes it impossible. Player interaction with NPC's was limited to combat, or helping them out. the decision making was kimited to ""Do I have the item they need or not, and am I willing to spend the time to get it?"" And finally the ending seemed abrupt, and was a cliffhanger that made no sense. However the characters were enjoyable. I'd say maybe 6 or 7/10"
76561197973300271,Recommended,214250,9614094,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Ginseng Hitler Beepollen,"Criminally underrated, the story is atmosphere and setting is very much like the movie ""the road"" which was hard to watch, this has much of the same feel but there are some great moments between characters that you come to actually care about.  There is something really thrilling about walking around realizing you dont have but one bullet in your gun and comming upon 3 guys who you dont know if they will be armed or not, you can scare them with your gun and they wont move but if you wait too long they will realize you are empty and charge you.  Really tense, first propper survival horror game I think I've ever played."
76561197972562434,Not Recommended,214250,9129431,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Thing,Do not waste your money.
,Not Recommended,214250,7988289,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Malsey,"While the game did contain a few good parts, and had some pretty neat mechanics, it was extremelly easy to get lost and it was very difficult to advance through many areas, especially with the extreme lack of essential parts to your survival (Which you ended up needing five times as much as they were provided).  The characters are mostly extremely plain and gameplay is usually very slow.  I understand the setting, but despite that, they could have at least given you a tiny bit more of what you needed when you needed it, to avoid having to backtrack."
,Not Recommended,214250,29059328,Posted: 6 January,all,twitchtvZombchicken,"Really hate to do this, but this game crashed on me three times in three different parts of the game in the span of trying to play it. Too bad, because I had high hopes for this but it is unplayable for me on PC. I will try it again on the Xbox."
,Not Recommended,214250,26281626,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Tyson,"So, literally 5 minutes into the game and its lag spiking. I looked some things up, but it all requires to download stuff or remove something, which tbh, I dont really want to do. I dont know if its on my end, but if it isnt, please fix"
,Not Recommended,214250,34036143,Posted: 5 August,all,AKG,"Sometimes interesting a bit, but overall pretty boring. Feels like pre-alpha of some more serious game, that never came. DEFINETELY doesn't worth its full price. If on sale for 1-2$ and you just can't find any better post-apocalypse game, you can give it a try. Won't take long, It has only about 4-7 hours of gameplay."
76561198052788918,Recommended,214250,18485537,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Savage10153,This is a one of a kind game. It makes you think and challenges you. Must buy.
,Not Recommended,214250,13630769,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TripleGemini,"I normally like the games I play, but this game makes me so frustrated. I mean, the story to it is good, but the limitations with the bar on the top makes me so annoyed because it goes down too quickly and it makes it hard to do anything, esepcially outside when you have to be in the dust. I know that's the point; make it hard to survive out in the dust, but it makes it hard to keep pushing through the game when you're constantly dealing with it every second of every moment. Then you have to deal with being constantly screwed if you're outnumbered and you have no ammo ect and there's no way around beating the guys you're up against when it's 2 against one. Sure you can fake them out when you can, but you are still screwed if there are no options of getting ammo at that moment.I had my game on normal for 45 % of the game, but then I changed it to easy to see if well, if it would be easier and it's not, really. If you're outnumbered (2 to 1, 4 to 1 ect) you're still screwed if you only have 1 or 2 bullets and only 1 arrow.  So, I won't recommend this game to anyone because most that I know who play games, probably won't like how it is either.The good part of the game is how it looks, I like the direction it went with the artistic type of aspect and the story is good like I said, but other than that, I don't really like this game, and I also can finish most games, even when it's tough to get through... but this one, I'm ready to quit because it makes me rage too much with all of the limitations ect. Sorry, but I'm just being honest."
,Recommended,214250,2874314,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,Mr. Octus,"The game starts off very linear and looks to be a little generic, however the first combat scene gets interesting and you see a fighting mechanistic unlike any other game (persuasion/trickery). As you wonder the streets you look for your lost family after a terrible global accident. You have spent the last few years traveling all the way from the East Coast of the U.S to the West Coast to find your “possibly alive” family. When you reach your home you find it empty and no family insight, however see a little girl looking for her mother that seems to look like your daughter. Deciding you have nothing to lose (and maybe a little desperate) you follow her. You soon find out that her mother has been taken by bandit and that the little girl is very ill. Your only “friend” is Henry, the man that is looking after them... It's up to you to save the girl and the mother and hopefully find your family.-=Scoring=-Gameplay 9/10Story: 9/10Creativity: 9/10Graphics 7/10"
,Recommended,214250,11745517,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,StevoNDaHoodson,"I really dig this game for a lot of reasons, but foremost is the combat. Here's how the last encounter I had went when I finally nailed it after running low on the hard-to-come-by retries.I walk into an area and am surrounded, 2 guys behind me and 3 in front. I quickly note that 2 of the guys are armored (one being behind me), the second man behind me has a gun, and the other 2 simply have knives. I also notice a bonfire in the corner. Then I make my plan and execute.First I back up without revealing that I'm armed or willing to fight. However, the guy who approaches me is the armored guy who was behind me. Since he's armored, I can't kill him with a quick knife. So I continue backing up for a couple seconds until the only guy behind me is the one with a gun, and then I strike.I attack the gunman with my surprise strike, killing off the gunner and leaving the 4 others in front of me without a way to get between me to the dead man's gun. I then have to immediately toggle to precision aim, and aim quickly to shoot the armored man who was harassing me before he slashes me and while the other 3 enemies approach.Once I shoot the first armored man pointblank, I can quickly cycle between the 2 unarmored men and convince them to start backing up, realizing that I have a gun with ammo. The 2nd armored man continues approaching with his bulletproof vest, so I have to quickly switch to precision aiming and shoot him in the head.At this point there are 2 men with knives left. I tell them both to keep backing up, separating them and forcing one to back up to the fire. I then kick the poor man into the fire to die, and quickly turn as the final man starts sprinting at me when he realizes I'm still looking to kill. I choose to save the 1 round of ammunition that I have left, and catch him in a one-on-one knife battle, knowing that I can finally win it without his buddies around to save him.I walk away from 5 dead bodies with only 1 round of ammunition left, wondering how I can make it out of an even larger battle next time.I highly recommend this game. It has its flaws, but it's easy to look past them with combat as thrilling and intense as this."
,Recommended,214250,963013,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Nuuskiss,"Good survival horror game in ""Prince of Persia"" spirit."
,Not Recommended,214250,8226026,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Didgy,"Painfully clunky combat and a steep difficulty curve mars what could have been an immersive and atmospheric ""survival"" game.I quote ""survival"", as there's not much to surviving other than eat-food-for-stamina, and dont-get-shot-or-your-back-to-last-checkpoint.Would probably be more enjoyable if it had the ability to save on a whim, rather than jumping back 30 minutes to your last checkpoint every time you fail."
76561197993848840,Recommended,214250,9095186,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rachsmo,"Good game, atmospheric."
76561198038311578,Not Recommended,214250,13550046,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,H/N Kinsha,"I saw this game as a good apoc/survival game. BOY WAS I WRONG. this game is beyond difficult. The controls are terrible, its unbalanced in the NPC favor half the time. A great example is that you aim by looking, its great in theory, but move your mouse just one nanometer to the left and all of a sudden you shot at the wrong person and ,, you're dead... OH, dont even get me started in when you have to deal with 3 or 4 people and you only have one bullet. OH you want to run to take cover so you can heaI? Also here's another question. I picked up a pistol and ONE bullet, how is it that the same pistol that gets picked up by another guy, he gets three shots off? SAME GUN SAME INSTANCE, only difference is HE picked up the gun and not ME. Oh, and when you get to four people.. dont even get me started on that unbalanced. here you have ONE bullet, one blade.. and now you have to deal with -sigh-  Oh. and before you say go on easy mode.. This is easy modewould want a refund but that is unlikely.I would give 1 star but even that is too high a raiting. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY.PS: All hate or flack I get due to this post will be removed. Thank you"
76561198007897687,Recommended,214250,19269208,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,fifarafa,"Nice, old game.Pro:-athmosperic gameplay-combat system feels more like problem solving task (something new)-nice climbing system-low specs (runs on medium detail on old acer 5551g)Cons:-obviously console port-sometimes it is hard to execute required action-combat, stealth, freerunning could be more polished and intuitive (for example they could add kick button to kick enemies into fires etc., instead of context sensitive kicking with ""use"" button)You should probably buy this game if you like postapocaliptic athmosphere, climbing and hardcore resource managment."
76561198058797204,Not Recommended,214250,18392810,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Johadgan,"This is an absolutely horrible PC port. Don't even try to play it with mouse and keyboard, because it doesn't work. Even if you play it with a controller, odds are it's going to run horribly anyway. Get ready to press that refund button if you decide to try it anyways."
76561198057957374,Not Recommended,214250,13960843,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Crispy ツ,"The game's idea and story seems to be really good but the development is just sh!t. I cannot believe that this is something published by Ubisoft. What happened to me is that i liked the game and and tried to keep liking it but it is terribly developed, i know games made in 2003 are much better and smoother!!"
76561198024945022,Not Recommended,214250,13338101,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,jacek,"Absolutely terrible controls, annoying jumping/climbing puzzles, repetitive game mechanics. It's just lazy game design."
,Not Recommended,214250,14145422,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Inwe Miriel,this game is the opposite of it's title......well I know.... this game it's good...... but not good enough to keep me playing....7/10
,Not Recommended,214250,3395556,"Posted: 14 November, 2012",all,-=TheDoctor=-,"Eh...I mean, it's kinda cool. Like, the setting, gameplay ideas, and general concept are sweet as hell, but the execution is awful. It's very clearly a console port, the controls are clunky and obnoxious, in some ways worse than Assassin's Creed. The story is mediocre and cliched and the voice acting is laughable. Buy it if it goes for 3 or less, it's a sketchy buy. 4/10"
76561197972118795,Not Recommended,214250,13801415,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,All American,"Frustrated beyond reason.The Good:- Ambiance: The world is in gritty ruin. It has a nice post-apocalyptic feel, and the grainy ""cam"" effect is a nice touch.- Sound: Not a big sound guy, but nothing to complain about here. The sound feels right for this type of game.- Music: Again, not a big game music guy, but the music works.- Controls: The controls feel solid and responsive, for the little bit I've been able to play/tolerate the game. Which leads me to...The Bad:- GRAPHICS!!!!!!!: Honestly, the game doesn't look bad. That's not the problem here. The problem is the graphics are so #$%^ing glitchy, fractured, and spotty that the game is almost entirely unplayable. Certainly a great many people haven't had problems, but I've found a great many people who have! Walls, floors, objects, textures, lighting... you name it, all these things randomly seem to disappear and reappear on my system. I have gone over multiple suggested methods on how to fix the graphics in ""I Am Alive"", and none of them have worked. The only one I haven't tried is going back to an older version of my NVidia drivers. If you have to install old drivers for this game to work, the developers (UBISOFT) didn't make a very solid title, nor do they give two squirts of♥♥♥♥♥♥about fixing this broken game.If the graphics actually WORKED for me, I would probably be recommending this title. Unfortunately, they do not. They make me want to slap the developers in the face with a crowbar until they are unrecognizeable as human.You may have better luck than I. Purchase at your own risk. If you suspect, even for a moment, that you may find yourself pulling your hair out trying to fix the graphics on this game, I recommend you don't pay more than $5 for this title.THE INFORMATION HEREAFTER HAS BEEN ADDED, AFTER THE GAME BECAME PLAYABLEI recently upgraded my graphics card from an older GTX 275 to a shiny new GTX 970. Please note, I did not change my view of this game from negative to positive. It makes me a little sad. So, here goes:The Good:- Nothing to add to my previous review information. Sadly, the game did not get better once I was able to play it. Instead, I was able to play it and see more bad.The Bad:- THE GRAPHICS!!!! Yes, I know I posted that complaint before, but now it's for an entirely different reason. It could be that my new video card is just TOO GOOD for this game, but now that I can actually see and play the game, it looks like garbage! What I thought was cool, atmospheric effects before has since been revealed to be an attempt at distracting you from lazy, sloppy game design. The models are clunky. The environments are bland. The actual object textures are not good in the least.- Pathing: I get not wanting the player to explore certain areas, but they should block those areas off better. I find myself constantly scratching my head as to why some of the minor obstacles in this game are insurmountable for the protagonist. This guy does plenty of acrobatic stunts when the game wants him to, but none of that pertains to those times when he's on flat ground with no risk of death looming over his head (or below his feet).- Stamina: I get that this is supposed to be a tough, survival type game, but our protagonist has no stamina whatsoever. It's quite annoying.- Combat: This has got to be the most counter-intuitive version of combat the studio could have possibly concocted. Some of it is fun, like being able to bluff enemies with an empty gun, but some of it makes no sense, like how you can't pull out your machete unless you're about to engage in combat, and it's basically worthless in a real fight.- Ammuntion: I get that it's scarce. That makes sense. But I hate when a game makes ammo extremely scarce and rare, but enemies have an endless supply (or at least, in theory). And if they do have a seemingly endless supply, when you finally kill them, they must have just shot their last bullet! They never drop but maybe one or two bullets. What the heck!?Overall, I feel this game had lots of potential, but just fell short in too many areas. It may be a fun game for some, and to those who enjoy it, more power to you. For me, however, I believe I've played all I'm ever going to of this game. I will not finish it."
76561197997854823,Not Recommended,214250,15721717,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Triumph650,"Easily one of the worst games iv ever played.  Unless you like patform jumping, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ camera angles and only 3 tries, stay away from this game.  The graphics are♥♥♥♥♥♥and the story sucks balls."
76561198010418156,Recommended,214250,23618053,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,wraith,good idea stripped down due to funding (it was meant to be a full title release)cant help but wonder what could have been
,Not Recommended,214250,24507766,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Carathis,"I've had enough. This game brought me the edge of my patience. Although I like the post-apocalyptic genre, this game sucks at ""survival"" concept. If I had wanted to play a platform game, I wouldn't have played this. I agree that the game has new things like limited ammo, strategical choice of killing enemies, stamina etc. But it shouldn't have been based on just climbing and ♥♥♥♥♥♥ stamina.Soundtrack and ambience music are cool; however that tension track whenever stamina decreases made me sick. Let's continue with the camera angles and character movements which were unsatifactory. It was hard to focus on enemy sight and game controls generally reacted late. Checkpoints saves were terrible. Although having retries when helping victims seems a good idea, losing all of them causes you to start over the chapter.The game setting was very good but those blurry graphics do not appeal to me. The story was cliche but I wasn't on that point actually. Sorry ""I Am Alive"", I really wanted to love you."
,Not Recommended,214250,17071327,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Towchain,This was painful to get through.  The plot had serious problems.  The controls had serious problems.  The combat was the worst I've ever experienced.  The graphics were mostly hideous.  This game is basically a 5 hour unpleasant experience.
,Not Recommended,214250,16801081,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,vgs,"Really boring and repetitive gameplay.The game's premise is interesting, but it was poorly executed."
76561197964789601,Not Recommended,214250,14845895,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Einnvaldr,Just tedium.
76561198019642368,Not Recommended,214250,15135661,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Dr. Krieger,god aweful..
76561198021106242,Not Recommended,214250,15747727,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Total Zombie,"ment to be very hard and IS! i would have loved to play this game on a lesser seting but they ruined it with being too hard,the story is fantastic but unless u like being peeed off then give it a miss :("
,Not Recommended,214250,98440,"Posted: 30 November, 2012",all,DAD-alus,"Brilliant premise, flawed mechanic, unfinished game (the entire ending is shortened to a 5 second clip with most of the story still open), short playtime.If it's really cheap, like 5$ or less, it's worth the experience of seeing what game COULD have been, but the ultra-liniar, watered down, unrealized ambition that you get won't be worth more than that."
,Not Recommended,214250,11532526,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,HuntedNord,The sound for gameplay dont work. it doesnt support windows 8.  Cant play this game without its sound so i havent played that far into it.Fix the sound and il be happy to play it.just wish i could get my damn money back...
76561198031884269,Not Recommended,214250,33962266,Posted: 1 August,all,Toñoman,"So graphics looks dated, it felt boring after a while seeing everything in gray. I liked the original story, but very soon you find out what the outcome could have been and from there you become the errand boy of other survivors, quests which by the way have nothing to do with your main goal: finding your family.The combat system was a big dissapointment, there are just a few ways to fight and that's it, you can't get very creative and rather than enjoying the combat you end up finding yourself thinking who to attack first and follow a mental script to win battles.Climbing and stamina were interesting challenges until I learned the tricks of where to rest and when, at that point there was no more excitement about it.I still got immersed in the story anyway and got hooked with it. But when things started to get exciting... surprise! the game is over, a lot of unanswered questions and the feeling that you played half the story (and in my case: WTF! is that it?).I do not recommend the game, there are plenty of other better games, do yourself a favor, save some money and skip this one."
,Not Recommended,214250,12001859,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Nikbert,"Let me begin by saying when first seeing the original announcement trailer for I Am Alive, I was extremely excited. The concept was very interesting and while it seemed to be an action game there were large psycological aspects to the play style that could make for a dynamic and unique game. After a long while I had forgotten about the game and assumed it to be vaporware only to suddenly find it alive on steam, no pun intended. I immediately seized it and excitedly dove right in. Disappointment set in quickly and I now wish it had stayed lost, maintaining my fantasy of what it might have been.I Am Alive is a post-apocalyptic survival game. Food, resources, and ammunition are scarce and people have devolved into animalistic cliques who follow a kill or be killed morality. You come in one year in the aftermath of a great earthquake which has destroyed your home town of Haverton. Looking for your wife and daughter you meet with Mei, a young girl who you connect with and decide to protect. My first qualm with this game comes with its flimsy plot line. The game immediately begins with a clear set goal in mind and then immediately falls off track and begins following a long series of tangents to a quite unfinished ending. Along this way you meet various crooks and characters of whom you only learn of three names leaving the rest as expendables with whom you make no connections. Rewards for helping these people are generally bland and unsatisfying despite considerable effort and padding in order to help them. Worse, while many could easily have something interesting to say or do, they rather instead go straight to a generic need item, recieve item, thank you formula. Enemies are just as bad, consisting of roughly 4 or five different character models and all resulting in the same action to solve the problem, kill the one with the gun first, kill the rest second. The game gives the appearance of giving options without presenting the other choices. There isn't really a diplomatic way to deal with enemies (ordering to surrender, bribing them to leave, tying them up), and if you're lucky after killing half of them, one may offer to let you knock him unconcious. My initial interest in this game came from the idea of having alot of ways to handle enemies and being given the choice between the easy way, murder, and the hard way diplomacy and mercy.Items are scarce in the game, but not very scarce apparently. There are some 20 different items in the game all performing some combination of the same three functions, restoring stamina, restoring strength, and restoring health. While a particular item may be scarce there seems to be no end the items to fill any one of these purposes. If you only have a single soda can you most likely have come across 6 or 7 water bottles, for example. Each of these items at some point can be used to help a victim solve a problem but it is frustrating when you do not have an item on your one chance meeting with a particular victim. In many cases its even more frustrating when an item serves no other real purpose but to help this victim, despite the item being readily available (cigarettes and wine). Along with this many of the victims seem to need this item only for the purpose of giving an item something to do (again cigarettes and wine). It again adds to the unfinished feeling the game gives.The environment in the game is . . . well, gray. Exteremly gray in fact. I understand the idea of soot and ash covering the town making it this way but there is a serious lack of any color in this game indoors or out. I mean orange fire, yellow dust, red brick,  and blue water bottles should not be outside the realm of possibility. I originally thought that my character was severly injured and this was some sort of indicator of his deteriorated state, similar to other survival games, however that is the entire game. While the intent was clearly to give the player the feeling of depression washing over the city, it goes from sad to boring quickly. Action scenes feel drab and uninteresting when not only repetetive  but also made up of a single constant color throughout the short five hour playthrough. Did I mention short? Cause five hours was the entire game, padding and all. The core gameplay of I Am Alive could be broken down to one hour of actual play time and 4 hours of walking through dust cloud and climbing. While climbing mechanics in certain games such as Uncharted or Tomb Raider have been made exciting by quick time events, and active gameplay through the process, I Am Alive has made the sequence tedious. Adding the stamina bar would be an interesting twist on the game if it did not add to the padding between actual gameplay.Overall probably the biggest let down in game history, and that includes Duke Nukem. I hope the developers can sleep alright at night."
,Not Recommended,214250,12285562,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Synfidie,"I was a huge fan of this game on the PS3. Played many many hours of it. When my PS3 died, I was like ""Well i'll get the PC one"" Unfortunately, the PC version crashes, doesn't save your savepoints, and the controls are a little wierd. However, the biggest reason why not to buy is the ""doesn't save your savepoints"" and makes you redo sections that you did already and your save was put past. I think I crashed a matter of 5x in a few days and had the rollback to the beginning of the sewers in teh beginning of the game..about 10x before I gave up.Don't waste your cash on the PC version, but definitely go grab it on PS3!"
,Recommended,214250,1205447,"Posted: 17 September, 2012",all,L1qu1d,"This was a great game, it had a very intersting setting with graphics that just worked. The controls were easy to learn and very comfortable over all. The game play itself was fun, and not overwhelming. It was a little restricting at times when it comes exploring, and the combat does get a little reptitive when you find your comfort zone and learn how to subdue your enemies.This easily a 7.5/10, I rated it a little lower only because it took very little to complete the game and I felt like it could have used a little bit more tricks and unique moments. I would probably wait for a steam sale to pick it up simply because at 14.99 (USD) it just feels a little short to jusitfy it's price tag.The hours I have on record are playing through it twice, and I was on hardest dificulty may I add."
76561198068992532,Not Recommended,214250,13625906,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,LycanBatman,"PIECE OF S*** Game, litterally you have a machete but there is no way to use it your only defense in the game is BOO! BCK UP!! then you die cause your a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bluff"
,Not Recommended,214250,8772426,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,"STooGE$$$$, Carmine Ocean","This game is for serious post apocalyptic fans only.  I really wanted to love it but I just can't recommend it for the average gamer.ProsGreat level design, atmosphere, and texturesOkay story...good dialogueConsHorrendous controls (total console port)Camera control issuesFighting system is teh suckVery hardThere are some interesting ideas with the combat; the main one being you can use your gun to psych people out eventhough you may not have ammo.If you play this, I recommend doing it on Easy so you doing spend eternity replaying chapters.  It kind of being a sandbox (in that there are generally several ways to get to the same place) it does not allow for exploration very easily.The main mechanics are completely derived from the PS2 game Disaster Report, which in my mind created this genre of Tomb Raider platformer + management of health + disaster scenario.  Which is a good thing.  It means you really need to plan your actions especially while climbing.If you like climbing stuff and post apocalyptic environments, then it should be good. Otherwise, I would not bother."
76561198024050847,Not Recommended,214250,13174978,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,stroke,With verry little play time on this game it amy seams odd to be saying no to a recommend of this game.But my reason holds true that if i was in 1998 with a 600MH single core pc the load times would be expected even normal. yet with more loading time than it takes to make it to the next load is unexceptible.If you enjoy long holds to your play then by all means give it a try but had i payed more than 4$ us on this i would be upset as is i can simply forget i ever had it.
,Not Recommended,214250,34851316,Posted: 9 September,all,Mansquito,Crashes every 5 minutes on Windows 10
,Recommended,214250,11743132,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Macklebee,enjoy the game - especially the overall look
76561198000353927,Recommended,214250,12100272,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,20t,"Enjoyed this game a lot. The game play is great the storyline is ok.Only bad thing about it, it is a short game you can beat the game in 5h if you want. But worth buying it."
,Recommended,214250,1336917,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,Admiral,"I Am Alive can best be likened to watching a car crash in slow motion - while being in the car. If you happen to be colorblind, worry not, all gamers can experience the same 3-4 shades of grey over and over again as you stumble about through clouds of film-grain, each of which is strategically placed to hide anything more than 10 meters away in any direction. What the game lacks in entertainment value or graphics, it makes up for with characters so deep that they very nearly have two dimensions.- Fight no one for ages, then five identical groups of thugs one after the other!- Explore a world where dust is as deadly as machete-wielding bandits and tinned peaches can heal stab wounds!- Play as Rico Rodriguez on your quest to take a little girl back to Adam Jensen and possibly more!I Am Alive - but when playing this I wish I wasn't."
,Recommended,214250,1598433,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,[GoG] † Empyrean λ,"Well I have to say they definitely had a great idea to begin with but failed Horribly in the end. The idea of the game is great and the graphics/visuals are Meh, some parts they got lazy and things look like smeared mud or grey plastic (Even on Max settings). The length of the game is short as in one sitting short, where as most games take a few sit in's or maybe a few days to complete. The lack of options for the character especially in the combat part of the game SUCKED! A good portion of the combat scenario's ended in death because your lock-on style aiming flew all over the screen with the rediculous mouse sensitivity (Which doesn't seem to be affected when you alter the settings in the options). The story line is a below average with little to no back-ground info, lore, or immersiveness. The ending was the worst part of the story, it looked like game development was halted suddenly, because the Developers seemed to just throw some random scene in the end that made no sense, if you can shed some light on the ending feel free to comment. I also couldnt find any survivor camps that i've heard about  throughout the entire game. Ubisoft really had a great game here and it showed but it definitley requires MUCH MUCH more work to be complete. Maybe thats why it was on sale for $5.09.Honestly this is my FIRST time ever i've had somthing negetive to say about a game. But then again......it was 5 bucks."
,Recommended,214250,937784,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,The Tones,"A survival game done right. Can only use what you scavenge, ammo is rare, a very punishing stamina system. A very intense game with some very cool features such as stamina limited climbing, and the abillity to negogiate/bluff enemies, scare them away or into surrender with an empty gun, accidentally fire it however and they will hear it and pounce you. Very fun little game, can be played full survivor or in easier modes, even in normal mode, still retains atmosphere and intensity. Can be picked up for around 6-7 dollars, 6 hours gameplay, you can not go wrong.Do it."
76561198089442597,Recommended,214250,8282443,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ian,"GREAT game. i loved teh intimidation based combat and the constant challenge of climbing and dust filled zones. i believe this game appeals to more than one type of gamer, i believe it appeals to: loreseekers, hardcore players, and just ""casual, good game"" players. i would say this game is (sadly) to short to be worth its full price of 20$ though, get this for a sale as its a wonderful game, in fact add it to your wishlist right now i promise its worth it!"
76561198003941690,Not Recommended,214250,19478774,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,KDD* Dave,"Definatly not impressed with this game , the video really reeled me in but after playing for about half an hour id had enough1. the combat itself is very sluggish and limited to what you can do , and half the time the situations seemed unfair2.The whole retry life system seems flawed as half the time your only exploring and/or trying to find the right path and boom youll just run out of stamina3.from reading the review as this game intended to be an open area survival it certainly doesnt live up to it , as everything is almost if not all very linear and gathering anything just seems a chore4.and lastly from what i can recall the ""parkour"" or climbing system they use has a assasins creed ish wannabe feel that really doesnt do the game any justiceOverall i rate poor and wouldnt recommend even as a cheap buy"
,Recommended,214250,1160202,"Posted: 27 September, 2012",all,SilverbackSi,"Interesting Game, If a little short, Its like a Platformer but it keeps you on the edge with the stamina bar, aswell as surviving Bandits ofc, cant have a post-apocaliptic story without them =)"
,Recommended,214250,3344974,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Massacyre,"This game. It's...well it's different. If you like survival games then you should enjoy the bleak atmosphere and setting, but as the levels aren't massively open world, looking for supplies only requires you to take the less obvious route to your goal.Gunplay (and later on, arrow play) requires thinking and timing, as you only have 1 bullet vs 4 enemies at many points in the game. Again this adds a survival aspect to the game. If you are a fan of bleak miserable stories, then also conisder buying this game. It is one of the few arcade games that actually has a decent story.The thing this game is probably most well known for, and hated for, is the retry system. You pick up ""retries"" through the game by helping people, (by giving them your supplies) or just finding them lying about. Retries basically let you start from last saved checkpoint. Out of retries? Then you will have to start that level that you have been playing for an hour all over again. It's quite similar to Dead Space 2's Hardcore mode, where you only get a few saves (albeit not as harsh).The last gameplay element I will look over is the most important, and may influence you buying it. The stamina bar. The stamina bar is used up for almost anything except walking. It regenerates very quickly but only when walking. If you are halfway up a building, you can't just stop and rest, you either use up precious supplies, or die. When your stamina bar is empty you enter a mode called ""extreme effort"" which lets you push on through whatever you are doing (climbing, walking through dust clouds etc.) but then actually drains the capacity of your bar, which means less stamina regenerates each time you rest. This therefore, means climing is more supply dependant, unless you refill your bar to full capacity. For people who tend to not think things through before doing something, this game will not be for you. Unless you don't mind starting a level over every time you die.I played the game on the hardest difficulty from the outset and have only died 5 times between level 1 and 11, so it is easily done.In conclusion, this game I recommend on sale, as it only lasts about 5 hours but the story and satisfaction of surviving will make sure you do not regret the price.Story: 8/10 Graphics: 6/10 Gameplay: 8/10I give it overall, a solid 8/10."
,Recommended,214250,493910,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,Chandler,"Wasn't as good as I wanted it to be. I really just wanted to play The Last Of Us but it wasn't out yet. It wasn't bad or anything, but it was nothing to write a recommendation about. Heyo."
,Recommended,214250,6350128,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,scuffed j's,"ignore the metascoreits a good parkour survival, adventure gameMy score out of 10 8/10"
,Recommended,214250,2616610,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Master xD,a great game =)
,Recommended,214250,400488,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,Jasiri,"Wow. As far as I'm concerned, this game is severely underrated. Get it.Yes, it does have bits and pieces I don't like - the entire world is grey-brown-depressing, but then again, this is about a global apocalyptic event that destroyed the world as we knew it. I found myself looking up to the (red) health bar from time to time for a contrast, however.But it is surprisingly well-done. The music is good, and while the circumstances of ""The Event"" are never detailed, the repercussions are. Society has vanished and mankind is showing just how little it takes for everything  to deteriorate further. There's a shortage of everything - you feel like kissing every bullet before firing it at someone. Luckily (but a little late in the game) you will also find a hunting bow, with its arrows being re-usable.The only thing I don't really like is the ending, but for the sake of this being a recommendation, I won't spoil it for anyone. It is by no means a bad ending, just leaves me wanting more."
76561198076589457,Recommended,214250,7533905,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Mega,Not Bad
76561198071155366,Recommended,214250,9078738,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,DJ Khaled,Pretty good game in my opinion and very under rated. Game play was good and the graphics were okay but over all a pretty deasent game. Only problem a came across were a few glitches and the black and white filter just like in L.A Noire with out the option to turn it off making the game dull and boring at times when you otherwise would see vivid colors that add more to the visual effect. On the side note this can be fixed easily with a graphics mod by following this steam forumhttp://forums.steampowered.com/forums/showthread.php?p=32832400
76561197990804743,Recommended,214250,1291205,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,[TLV]_Camrade,"This game can be very challenging at times but it is excellent! I'm not into moving around the level in a Prince of Persia style game but this game may've changed my mind. The fights on this game get you thinking, and with ammo always short you constantly look for the smartest way to kill enemies. The story is quite good also and the atmosphere reminds me of fallout without the Sci-fi element and feels somewhat more like the Book of Eli. Some of your situations will have you thinking of the moral implications of your actions and I love that in my games. Albeit this game was short, and a few of the controls were a little sketchy, that pales in comparison to just how good this game was.It was a lot of fun and I would recommend it to anyone! I rate it at a solid 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,214250,3435165,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,ﾚﾌﾄ,"Great survival game. It practically takes no shortcuts, you could interpret that as good or bad. On one hand, your desire to want to survive in a city where earthquakes and dust storms plague it is satisfied.On the other hand, you always have poor visibility and there is so much dust in the air, your character can only stay on low ground for a short amount of time.Enemy encounters are awesome and there is always an sense of danger. Everytime I encounter 3 hobos, I feel like Jackie Chan. ""I don't want no trabble"". But they don't care, and then I take out the guy closest to me and whip out a gun with no bullets. They put their hands up and I karate chop them in the back of the head like Uncle in Adventures and go ""Aiya!"". Oh, and Im carrying a child and after the battle I give all my food and water to strangers."
76561197976255832,Recommended,214250,711990,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,UberDAHnooB,"Great idea, terrible execution.  I am only playing it because I like the concept but the gameplay is total♥♥♥♥♥♥  It has been out for 7 days now and the mouse lag is not fixed.  What idiot decided it was a good idea to have the run button also be the attack button?  So when you are surrounded by enemies and can't turn your mouse and attempt to run, you swing as someone who ALWAYS blocks.  And during the struggling clash of your machetes their buddies ALWAYS knock you off of them.  And extemely annoying music that starts scratching at your ears while climbing.  I can't recommend anyone buying this title until they at least fix the mouse lag, but even then, it isn't even worth its already cheap price tag.  To sum it up...interesting story, mediocre gameplay, crap combat, and irritating noise."
76561198040110592,Recommended,214250,7533940,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,CombedTurnip,"Waste of money and time.The mechanics absolutely suck, unless you enjoy mouse spam clicking and the graphics leave a lot to be desired. Don't even get me started on attempting combat, it has simply the worst controls ever and the stupidest ways of dealing with enemies. There was nothing good about this game and I quit after about 6 minutes"
76561197997602124,Recommended,214250,7780826,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Blah de Blah Blah,"I had to make myself like this in some ways, giving it the benefit of the doubt whenever it made weird design decisions.  If you can accept an emphasis on platforming over combat/exploration then it's a solid 5-6 hour experience."
76561198074324485,Recommended,214250,7860018,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,good evening,"Really good game so far! Ive played about 2 hours all up (so far) and im loving it!!Anyone who likes post apocolyptic games should deffinantly check this game out and play it, Its totaly worth it."
,Recommended,214250,8261621,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,djrexy2169,"Great Game! Not too fancy on the graphics, but thats due to the setting of the game ashes and grime and such... I love it and wish there was more like it!"
76561198036725485,Recommended,214250,8400777,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bastet,"The graphics are good and it does succeed in giving the feeling of a dust-filled, apocalyptic world.I found the concept and storyline quite good, it's very atmospheric. The writing is very solid.When climbing the buildings I swear it was so immersive and realistic that I got a touch of vertigo and my hands were so wet afterwards.Good game, worth the sale price but perhaps not full price."
76561198040307425,Recommended,214250,9200487,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,UNLUCKYPUPPET,The color of this game are certainly lacking I find if I play this for more than an hour I have to quit due to the monochromatic scheme this game is limited to. The NPC interaction are incredibly believeable and monitoring your precious inventory is fantastic you can either move the story faster by giving away your rarely found bottled water to a man that's wasting away on the street or you can carefully explore on your own. My favorite thing about this game is climbing there is no feeling like believeable gameplay physics. I'm half way through this game and I'm a big fan of post apocolyptica and Ubisoft so this is a win-win for me!
,Recommended,214250,2201380,"Posted: 7 September, 2012",all,PlayerNikita,"""Love it or hate it"" type of game. It completely depends on your tastes. For me, its magnificent piece of art, which tells an amazing story of survival in ruined civilisation. Hardcore linear gameplay, resources management(1 single bullet can mean giant difference between life and death), new and unique fighting system. You just surprisingly killed one bully and immideatly shot other range-armed one? Remaining 2, armed only with meelee weapons, will♥♥♥♥♥♥their pants and surrender, even if you have no ammo left. Very interesting and very hard climbing and stamina management system too.TL;DR if you like survivals, rare resources management, ""moral warfare"" combat and beautifull storytelling, you will like this game. If you hate being limited in all aspects and want action, dont purchase it. There is also an easy mode if you want unlimited lives(plenty enough of them in normal mode, though)."
,Recommended,214250,2834023,"Posted: 23 September, 2012",all,Conman the Barbarian,"A game that's worth looking into. Has some interesting new ideas, but the ideas aren't executed as well as they could have been. Nevertheless, it's an interesting game to play."
,Recommended,214250,4881075,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Bartinkopl,"Got this 'dark side', but nothing really special. Still a good game."
,Recommended,214250,5308119,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,Karasique,"No zombies.The game is close to OK (for a console game, which means a bit simple gameplay), but it's way too short."
,Recommended,214250,1278487,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Jota,I really hate how wonky the camera feels when I'm playing this with a keyboard and mouse. On the other hand the story is quite short but very touching... it makes you think about it for a while after seeing it all.
,Recommended,214250,1456669,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Mr. Bum Shine,"Great game, fun story, highly recommended if you like a short game."
,Recommended,214250,2500130,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,Ravens\\,"This game really makes you feel like you are a valnurable survivor. Once you have a pistol...you are the king of the world!!! However the pistol may have one or two bullets...which makes this game awesome because the others don't know that. So you can call bluffs to your enemies and gain advantages in any means necessary. There may be times where it feels dry, but over all its a decent game."
76561198024372720,Recommended,214250,3537188,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Playeroneben,"A game where characters actually treat a gun as something dangerous and intimidating? A game where you can take advantage of that fact, even without so much as a bullet to your name? A game where you play for 50 minutes and get a grand total of three bullets? With an apocalypse NOT caused by zombies OR nuclear war? Where some people just plain want you to go away and keep their home safe, and it is absolutely in your best interests to do so? Where the climbing is difficult, and is actually severely limited in how much of it you can do?I Am Alive stop flirting with me, it's embarrassing!"
,Recommended,214250,8125631,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TheDeadlyDust77,Great Game. Don't listen to the critics
,Recommended,214250,9039664,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,The Kurgan,Didnt expect much got this game for like 4.99.. not a bad game really. Not great I'd give it like 6.5  or 7 out of 10
,Recommended,214250,128000,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,brent,"Was different, I'll give it that.The climbing was pretty aweome. The dizzying sense of heigh actually made me hold my breath in a few of the climbing scenarios near the end. Other than that you're running around on the ground in fog most of the time.The ""combat"" was pretty inventive and could have been awesome, but you only have one or two tricks in your bag and it got old quick."
76561197962972860,Recommended,214250,135386,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Slayer_The_Player,"If you can get past some obvious flaws, this game is quite fun and challenging. There some great ideas well executed and some not so well. I defenitly recommend this to every post apocalypse fan who got patience and perseverance."
,Recommended,214250,851254,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,big boi,"If you have played every game in your library i recommend this game.if you haven't, don't play this game because it will just collect virtual dust."
,Recommended,214250,891814,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,R4DFIELD,"Great survival game, the mechanics involved are pretty interesting, too bad it's a short game and can be finished in under 5 hours, game is basically black and white which fits very well with the setting, cool plot and the ending leaves a cliffhanger hinting at a possible sequel. Well recommended game, picked it up for $5 at the 2012 holiday sale."
,Recommended,214250,2119276,"Posted: 25 January, 2013",all,E-Dub,Absolutely annoying checkpoint/save system tarnishes what could have been a really good game. Great story though. Pick it up when it goes on a deep discount.
,Recommended,214250,2296489,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Epiko,"A surprisingly well ported console game, it has some great gameplay and a fairly good story. It is a little short but if you don't mind short games this is surely worth the money."
,Recommended,214250,8669849,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Ripberger -{CC}-,"Good, but unfinished game.  Ends abruptly and lacks some polish.  Solid gameplay though."
76561198058640073,Recommended,214250,9158985,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,[TDBH] Marquis,"Alright this game had an “okay” story running around was boring cause its rather you find items to give to people to get a perfect ending or you just beat it and never play it again. The game was pointless even though it had a decent story there’s not much to the game afterword’s,So its worth it. But don’t expect a lot of hrs of fun. The game is kind of full or boring walking around that or getting shot at. I like the melee combat and tricking your enemy’s to yield"
,Recommended,214250,9185091,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,bryanhbell,"I played about half of this game before getting sidetracked by other games. I have not yet returned to the game, but plan to eventually.There are three difficulty levels: Easy, Normal, and Survivor. I started out playing on Easy, but it was an unsatisfying experience. Then I played on the Survivor level, which was quite challenging, but more interesting and fun since resources (bullets, food, medicine) were scarce and I had to think carefully about whether or not to use each and when. The two biggest challenges were conserving my stamina as I climbed around and battling other survivors when they appeared in groups.The game does have a few problems. Most significant is the checkpoint save system. You cannot save your progress in the game yourself. Instead, the game saves your progress once you pass certain predetermined points. It's difficult to tell when these points will occur (or even when they have occurred) and they don't always occur when you might expect. They're also too widely spaced. This has the effect of intensifying your desire to push forward, but it also means you'll spend a fair amount of time retracing your recent progress.The control of your character, particularly when climbing, is sometimes glitchy and too unforgiving. There were many instances when I attempted to change direction during a climb and failed to do so because the character doesn't react quickly enough to the controls. The stamina mechanic, which limits the time you can spend climbing, can make this problem frustrating.You do not have complete freedom to take actions like jumping, climbing, or crouching. You'll be able to climb a fence or jump up on a crate in one area but you won't be able to do so in other identical areas. This intensifies the feeling that your progress through the game is predetermined and ""on rails"".Despite these problems, the game is engrossing. The visuals, voice acting, and atmosphere do a good job of drawing you into the game's post-apocalyptic world. Overall, I'd say the game serves up adequate, but not stellar, entertainment value. I bought the game during Steam's winter sale for $5 and so far feel like I'm getting my money's worth, but I don't think the game is worth more than $10.tl;dr Play the game on hardest difficulty for the best experience. The game's advantages (engrossing atmosphere and novel gameplay mechanics) are held back by some faults (a checkpoint save system, control issues, and lack of freedom) that result in the game being a fair, but not fantastic, value. Worth it for $5 but not at more than $10."
,Recommended,214250,1907158,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Phantom,"A very middle of the road game, everyone thing about it was extremely mediocre. It was fun at times, but other times it was tedious and boring. A solid 5/10, a 6/10 once I removed the black and white filter. I only spent $5 on this during the 2012 Winter Sale, I suggest you don't pay any more then that."
,Recommended,214250,2405756,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Nova,"This game is a unique twist on survival games. Not excitingly fast paced, no gun battles really...but a very real need to survive is felt. the graphics are gorgeous too..and the AI is pretty shiggity!"
76561197968304009,Recommended,214250,7848553,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mr.Bigglesworth,In my opinion you should avoid this title. I couldn't get really far because on PC the controls aren't smooth and well define it's hard to define but  bottom lane it made the game unplayable. The look of the game is pretty cool and the idea behind the game is well thought of so if you find a way around the control the core of the game is pretty nice. 4/10
76561198019557045,Recommended,214250,8428661,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,A.G.B.,"Pros: Clever ""threaten with gun"" mechanics that make confrontations tense. You can practically taste the bleak, hostile and claustrophobic post-apocalyptic world. Climbing mechanics that are closer to Prince of Persia than Assassin's Creed, and add further tension and intensity with a Stamina meter and the chance of a lethal drop every few steps. The survival aspect is well-done, with exploration being about equally likely to lead to more of the sparse number of much-needed inventory items, as to another potentially deadly confrontation. Largely captures the grey moral nature of the post-apocalyptic world, like the movie The Road; no one can trust one another, and someone pointing a gun at you and/or threatening you may not be looking to kill and/or rob you, they may just be scared. Challenging. Once you've slid down a slanted skyscraper, jumped the gap in a modern bridge or barely made your way through a collapsed building, you will never again feel completely comfortable in our otherwise seemingly strong, sturdy buildings.Cons: Unless you're playing on Easy, the Retry feature is pretty ridiculous: you have to complete a level without running out of them(in spite of the trial-and-error nature of much of the game), meaning without making very many mistakes(you can earn extra Retries), or you have to start it all over - and trust me, in this, you will make mistakes. Once you've completed a level, you can do it over, but if you go back to a level before your current one, it will delete your progress beyond that level(forget about replayability)! If these aspects were something hardcore gamers could activate to challenge themselves, that would be fine, but with it being the way the game is designed, it loses a lot of potential fans. Ending is unsatisfying. The last third of the game is prepostorous - it's as if it was developed by someone else, and they thought it was a regular shooter, rather than a ""make every last bullet count"" survival game.My recommendation: Give it a go if you love at least one of the following: Prince of Persia style climbing, a survival challenge, dark post-apocalyptic fiction and unconventional approaches to taking out enemies."
,Recommended,214250,8899576,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,RoX,"Me not really being a fan of the Adventure genre and getting this fairly cheap on sale, I didn't expect much from this title but I was surprised by a few things in this game. For a game that contained no monsters, zombies, aliens, killer machines, etc... it was still pretty creepy. Graphics were artfully done. Level design was great, though does get cheesey at times with how they limit your movement. Sounds were phenominal and really absorbed you into the suspense. (with out revealing anything) The storyline had a dark and a good message. On the other hand, I got 8 and a half hours out of this title before completing it on normal and does not offer much replayability. A minus for me. The next problem I had is that it is still a little glitchy and spontaneously assimilating with a rock face (or building, etc...) really puts a dampener on game progression (it sucks). Controls were a little touchy but you kind of get used to it. All in all, I'd give this game a 75% (solid C).  I hope Ubisoft considers making a 2 to pick up where this one left off and corrects the this issues that this one had but an all around decent game. Rox recommends (buy on sale)!"
,Recommended,214250,4240818,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Mustanger,This game has a cool story with spellbinding atmosphere. I'm recommend it.
,Recommended,214250,8162703,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Whizzard,"I looked at the description in the store for I Am Alive and thought it was a neat concept.I played the game, and there wasn't a moment I wasn't happy with it.It wasn't ground breaking, nor was it particularly beautifully - it's visuals obscured by a constant miasma of dust.The thing that won me over with this game was it's humanity.It's a touching story, with fun climing, fun stealth, and interesting interactions with NPC's.It doesn't pull any punches with it's content, and it gives a brutally honest opinion of what it would be like in a post apocolyptic world.If there's one drawback for this game, it is its length. You'll easily blow through the game with it having around about 10 hours gametime, give or take, if you're trying to complete it all on normal difficulty.It also feels like it should have gone further, and done more. Like it should have been bigger, with epic moment scattered throughout it. However, when I thought back on this, anything bigger with epic moments scattered through would have robbed the game of its humanity.I recommend this if it's on sale, or for its full retail price if you're bored and want to play something with a bit of charm."
76561197978134173,Recommended,214250,8545914,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,lilperk,"Not after playing this game, I ain't. I literally put a gun to my head and pulled the trigger, it was thatgoodIt was alright, slightly boring, but had an alright story."
,Recommended,214250,9196892,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Dolphmeister,Underneath some rough game mechanics is a very intense survival game. Just don't expect a zombie shooter or you'll be disappointed.
76561198042047629,Recommended,214250,4807760,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,CastleMerde,"Reviewers hate it, but I LOVE it.I want more."
,Recommended,214250,5385911,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Paulyphemus,"Set in a dark and dusty post-apocalyptic world, I Am Alive is pretty damn gritty. When you first boot up the game you may think the developers are aiming for a monochrome art style to reflect the emptiness of the world and the protagonist. Nope - it's just really, really dusty. Everything (seriously, everything) in the game is black, white, brown, or somewhere in between, with occasional splashes of red (to create an industrial feel as well as the obvious reason).Follow the exploits of Professor Brian Cox as he tries to find his family, help fellow survivors, and explain the Pauli exclusion principle to increasingly ignorant and hostile thugs. At times, this is deep, rewarding, and engaging stuff.Unfortunately for the Professor, his resources are somewhat limited. Our Lancastrian hero's weaponry is limited to his machete and a pistol. However, the latter seems to be used more as a mechanic for conserving resources than as a weapon, as bullets can only be found from enemies who have...guns! Combat can therefore become frustrating as confrontations with thugs are common and it's difficult to know who to shoot first and who to leave for a struggle kill with your machete.This isn't the only time tactics are needed for conserving resources, however, as Professor Cox regains health and stamina through the rare packets of food and drink that he finds perched on outcrops and crates by a fellow survivor who presumably didn't want to make things to easy for those after him.The game revolves around stamina and climbing as Professor Brian must scale increasingly dizzying heights during each episode. Despite his PhD in physics, the Professor's stamina depletes frighteningly quickly making each section of climbing a nail-biting game of tactics. Thankfully, as seen above, Brian can have snacks while hanging from girders to give him a boost. How this is meant to work in real life exactly I have no idea.So what happens when the Professor falls to his death, or some thugs grow tired of hearing about eleven-dimensional M-theory and slaughter him with machetes? Well, on ""Normal"" mode he'll be given three retries for each ""episode"" which will allow him to revert to a checkpoint a few minutes of gameplay back. It soon becomes apparent, however, that given the maze-like webs of scaffolding Professor Cox must negotiate and how difficult is to know which enemies to eliminate first on so few bullets, these retries really aren't enough. It's not uncommon to have to retry up to twenty minutes of gameplay following a clumsy death near the end of one ""episode"". The game only saves at the end of each 20-30 minute episode, so get ready to sit down for long periods at a time with this game.Although we're used to Brian gazing dreamily up at the stars as though he wouldn't hurt a fly, the game's moral direction is altogether more ambiguous. You're rewarded for helping injured survivors and reuniting friends and family, but more frequently you're forced into combat you don't want or need. I would have liked to have seen a less linear path through levels, with some scope for stealth and avoiding conflict.When the game works, it works well and flows nicely. Although some of the events in the game feel jarringly too convenient (early on an earthquake pushes over a building, allowing you to slide down the wall back to where you started form and the next checkpoint), a dark atmosphere draws you in and it's hard to resist helping Professor Brian back to the university in time for his next lecture on electron potential wells."
,Recommended,214250,154326,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,DaNCeSWiTHBuLLeTS,"I Am Alive was once a survival horror game with big dreams and high hopes. When first conceived, it was purposed to be set in an explorable, expansive, post-apocalyptic world with deep gameplay mechanics focused on human interaction in times of crises. But two years after its ambitious beginnings, the original developers, Darkworks, handed the project off to Ubisoft Shanghai. In its new home, I Am Alive was rebuilt as an arcade title with many of its intended features either removed or condensed. So how does it fare in its current state?I had not heard much about I Am Alive prior to release, but if its original narrative was anything like the final product, then the idea probably was not very good to begin with. The game takes place a year after America is struck by a massive earthquake known as “The Event.” You play as an unnamed survivor, separated from and in search of his family—at least, that is how the story begins. The plot makes a sudden shift early in the game and becomes centered on the protagonist helping reunite someone else’s family for the remainder of the campaign. By the time we reach the end credits, our protagonist’s personal mission has made almost no progress. Some may find this hugely unsatisfying, though I suppose in some ways, it is poetic and fitting to such a morbid game.While I Am Alive’s narrative is devoid of creativity, its gameplay mechanics fortunately are not. Being aware of your surrounding is pivotal to survival. “The Event” has left much of America uninhabitable, filling the atmosphere with ash and dust, and to escape the hazardous environment, you must scale structures high enough to reach fresh air. This process eventually loses its novelty after the first few times, but it deters players from rushing and encourages exploration. But the most innovate idea I Am Alive offers is the idea to threaten and bluff. I say “idea” because its implementation is just deeply, deeply flawed. During confrontations, you may raise your pistol, loaded or not, to halt enemies in their tracks. At this point, the ability to negotiate would have been a hugely welcomed feature, but alas, the system never gets deeper. The moment you look away, your enemies will attack, rendering threats extremely useless since you are forced to kill regardless.I Am Alive’s single redeeming element is its atmosphere, which captures all the greatest facets of survival horror. The thick dust at ground level obscures vision beyond a few feet from your character. The element of surprise comes from not knowing who or what you will run into until it is too late. Ammo is extremely scarce, and your character is fragile, so knowing when to flee or fight becomes essential. Dying NPCs taking refuge throughout the city convey a genuine sense of desperation and futility. This is survival horror done right.Atmosphere and missed ideas aside, nothing else about I Am Alive is very memorable. The graphics are bland, the soundtrack forgettable, and the animations clunky at best. There are side quests, but those are far and few in between. Remnants of Darkworks’ original ideas are still apparent in the final product, but all of them marred by poor execution. I sincerely hope that Darkworks’ vision will resurface one day, refined and in all its entirety. Until then, you should find your survival horror fix elsewhere.Grade: 2/5"
76561197965257749,Recommended,214250,207412,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,MagillaGorillaThaKillaFoSkrilla,"this game is fun, but very linear.  also it is full of dust!"
,Recommended,214250,241689,"Posted: 24 December, 2012",all,wedge,"'I am alive' é um survival horror tenso. Não é um jogo fácil de recomendar: a ambientação e os cenários são excelentes, mas a mecânica de combate é frustrante demais, muito trial and error, e você não pode salvar onde quiser e os retries são limitados. Morra demais e você terá que jogar o capítulo desde o início."
,Recommended,214250,579659,"Posted: 27 March, 2013",all,HeyZeusCryst,Worth a buy. SP Survival horror fun
76561197972729524,Recommended,214250,600714,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,Perus_TC,Great game!
,Recommended,214250,1162334,"Posted: 23 December, 2012",all,billie337,"The story of this game may not be amazing, but I found the setting and game mechanics unique and entertaining.  In my opinion, this is an underrated game."
76561198002828689,Recommended,214250,2136538,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,BGUN,어렵다 ....
,Recommended,214250,2408338,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,NightrunLP,"""I Am Alive"" is set in a post-apocalyptic world, with few survivors struggling for life. Although being more about trial and error than giving you fair chances of survival sometimes, the game is very atmospheric and gives you lot's of important choices: will you spend your last water to a man in need or will you keep it for yourself, giving you the edge in your fight through the remnats of a destroyed city?Graphics, sound and game mechanis are okay, but not stunning. But if you're into the theme of ""survival in a post-apocalyptic world"", ""I Am Alive"" is worth a shot."
,Recommended,214250,4527460,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,[R]Wolf™,"I Am Alive is a survival game which focuses on heavy player choices and immersing the player. While i thought the game was really good and worth the money some may not and here is why:Dated graphicsClunky controlsAnd a buggy camera which sometimes won't move.But me being a fan of post apocalyptic themes i decided to look past all of this and what i saw was awesome, while not all will like that kind of gameplay i loved it. You are able to bluff enemies with a empty gun but some of them will stop up and say your full of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and encourage others to attack. I thought that was a awesome thing i had not seen before, you also need to switch targets sometimes to keep them afraid of being shot. Another key factor is the extremely rare supplies which you need but you only have 3 retry's or you have to start over. Additional retry's can be aquired by giving away supplies and medicine to people, so that keeps the game tense.The soundtrack which i found really good is also a indicator for when climbing buildings since the soundtrack becomes more intense as you lose stamina. 0 stamina results in falling down and dying.Overall i found the game to be really good and worth my money since i played it three times. But keep in mind this is a arcade game so it only last for about 5 hours on average.Presentation: 7.0Graphics: 7.0Sound: 8.0Game-play: 8.0Lasting Appeal: 9.0Overall Rating: 8.5"
,Recommended,214250,7752444,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,somini,"Well, that was really different from that E3 trailer. I know the dev team changed during production and this was relegated to the B team, but it's a enjoyable game, with some rough edges. The best comparison would be Alan Wake, but it's more action-y. Recommended."
,Recommended,214250,7825939,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,SirDaimon,"Actually pretty fun, This game really simulates what it would be like in a post apoclyptic future.It can be kinda hard at times, because some of your actions can later come and bite you in the butt., or you may weaken yourself and not have enough strength to do something later.I like it.7.5/10"
76561198100972846,Recommended,214250,7973322,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Aw_Boy,เกมส์ดีที่สั้นไปหน่อย ต้องเล่นGood Game But Short Story
,Recommended,214250,8375112,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Theyrvalls,"Ok, just made it through the game, which seems to be a mixture of survival, adventure, climbing and TPS/FPS. Here's the results:Pro:+ Story. Grounded, realistic - not off-hook or with irrational twists.+ Setting/atmosphere. Dark and dusty, gloomy undertone without being pathetic.+ The voice-acting! A real big plus. Little Mei has the most realistic and beautiful voice for a kid I ever experienced in a video game.Cons.- Graphics. Obviously it's a console port. You have to live with that.- Game time. It only takes about six hours for a complete game. Well, as there are survivors to save, this time could be extended if you want to find and help them all (20 altogether). Otherwise replayability's low.- Controls. They are a pain. If you're used to play FPS games, you will have a hard time learning the controls. don't be frustrated to lose your first fights because you pressed the wrong buttons. It's a console game after all, maybe the devs did not want to screw up the game mechanics by changing controls on pc. who knows.Conclusion: You might have a look if you're into survival, like a gloomy atmosphere and don't expect innovative gameplay or experiences."
,Recommended,214250,8668532,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Fabio Buda 死の恐怖,"Jogo bom, porém curto demais. A história é interessante, mas é difícil se sentir satisfeito com o final dele. Aconselho comprar apenas na promoção."
,Not Recommended,214250,9613477,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Trig,"The world's most miserable man yawns his way through the apocalypse. The only survivors besides himself are some useless kid, the even more useless mother of the kid, and a set of identical, homicidal, dectuplets, who roam the city harassing the man."
,Not Recommended,214250,211980,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,MagnumDopus,"Interesting concept executed terribl]y.  Don't buy this game.  Even if it is free don't play this game.  Awful mechanics, frustrating controls, and a story that leaves everything to be desired."
76561198097834645,Not Recommended,214250,9374801,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,RyanasaurusRex,"I'm fairly sure my laptop is able to play this game, but it's really buggy! the contrast is awful and it keeps loading environments as the camera rotates, which is really a shame because the game has an awesome storyline!"
,Not Recommended,214250,20247505,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Santana,"You have ZERO freedom of choice, albeit this being a vast ""kind of"" open world game. You either execute the actions the developer decided you have to execute, or you'll die. A waste of good art and idea."
,Not Recommended,214250,12866567,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Dustin,"This game is terrible, the gameplay is bad, the voice acting is bad, it was a complete waste of money. Please, do not make the same mistake I did and buy this game.."
76561198039946679,Recommended,214250,8850448,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,FlyingDadBomb,or am I?
,Not Recommended,214250,30448927,Posted: 11 March,all,The Major,"At first I thought this had a lot of potential and even recommended it to others. It turned out to be limited, pretty shallow delivery on some potentially deep concepts. I wanted to like it but it really disappointed. Note to developer; don't make it hard for the sake of difficulty. Also, if I want to go back to a place I know might have resource wht can't I? In a real life scenario- I would! I sure as heck wouldn't limit myself is such a hostile situation. In short don't pay for frustration."
76561198081194413,Not Recommended,214250,30764759,Posted: 26 March,all,Cerberus,Clunky. So clunky.
,Recommended,214250,2676743,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,Trypticon,スタミナゲー　買い
76561198013395925,Recommended,214250,2839380,"Posted: 11 January, 2013",all,IChewMyShirt,very well done
,Not Recommended,214250,31759719,Posted: 14 May,all,FiveOhSix,"couldnt get into the story, just something about it.."
,Recommended,214250,21839702,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Xenophyter,"It stops half way through, but it was a good game while it lasted."
,Recommended,214250,11056090,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,A really sad survival game! Worth the play :) 8/10
,Recommended,214250,18922143,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,AxaloN,"I finished this game, and loved it; it had an incredible atmosphere, great playthrough, great visuals, but the end, the end, was completely crap! it had to be the worst ending of anything, ever. It didn't explain anything, it just left us hanging with a unfinished story, to absolutely nothing, no sequel, nothing, it was a great game, but I can not emphasize this more, it had a terrible ending, I would rate it atleast a 3.5/5"
,Recommended,214250,19676835,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Satan,"Great game with great story! I really wish I knew what the ""EVENT"" was! Unless I totally missed something, I've still no clue what devastated the world, nor do I know what brought along this devastation. Other than that, great game mechanics, REALLY fun climbing puzzles, great choice of color scheme for the game!"
76561198061009902,Not Recommended,214250,28503605,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,nin1975,"I have issues to get this game to even start.Working with the support is a nightmare as the support from the maker is blaming steam and then steam says it is the game maker to sort out all things.I only paid 4$ so I stopped spending time on that.My rig is a gefrece 1080, 16gb ram, 4790 intel proc and Windows 10 64 bit."
,Not Recommended,214250,20455559,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,"Skyhold, the nice canadian","First I tried playing with a controller and it set aim mode to the 'Back' button, jump went to LB and map was 'Y.' So, I switched to keyboard and mouse, the control layout makes slightly more sense but then the camera seems to be mounted to a rusted rail, once it gets moving it MOVES, but getting it moving is a jerky exercise in frustration and killed me at least 3 times.Lastly, this is basically the chinese rip-off of last of us in terms of setting and story. I'd give it a 2 out of 5 simply because it didn't crash my computer and wasn't insultingly bad, just unoriginal and bad technical quirks"
76561198036558551,Recommended,214250,23546149,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,bathroom dinosaur,Its a fun game. But theres really nothing left to do after you beat the game. Ive played and beat it once and i havent played it since. Its a one-play game. Great story and fun gameplay though.
,Recommended,214250,29277202,Posted: 15 January,all,Mia,"A post apocalytpic survival game. As i play this game i feel it had so much potential but so poorly executed maybe a remake would be better for this game with more options and choices as this game showed great potential.1 good thing i feel for this game is that there are no zombies , its realistic.1 thing i really didnt like is its color its all grim, grey and dark.Its 50-50 game buy when in sales ."
,Recommended,214250,18377688,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,MasonCatalone,"It's not the greatest, but I was satisfied."
,Recommended,214250,21253155,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,†,.
76561198081976867,Recommended,214250,24049311,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,LazyNerd,Amazing game
,Recommended,214250,13866573,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,d.STARRR    wNe,This game is a cool thridpersonshooter =)The story is interisting and long ^^The graphic is very NICE !!!The fun that you have in the game is 90% :D
76561197970078168,Recommended,214250,378642,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,hermetico,"NOT SO EXCITING.Most of time, something like Prince of Persia, because of climbing and so on but, with WAY less quality than Prince of Persia or Assassin's Creed, by example. ♥♥♥♥ing mobile cameras in third person, as in Tomb Raider, by example, with typical issues with such a approach.Slow and, most of time, boring. Bad control's response time, difficult to accuratelly do what you are trying to do. WEIRD COMBAT CONTROL. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ weapons, no bullets, when you are facing more than one people with guns, you are dead, while trying to resolve your fight with some others with a machete.IMHO, it doesn¡t worth having it. Look for anything else, with more rythm and better control."
,Recommended,214250,27433436,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,✠GreenGarnish✠,"Its actually good, and the concept isnt bad either feels like a mad max.Worth buying it cheap tho"
76561198041999971,Not Recommended,214250,26144644,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Jason Neu,"Not even worth 3,74 bucks... A broken, truly excrutiating experience that barely resembles an actual game. It's extremely buggy and the camera system is bad, and that is when it works at all instead of juttering around like crazy. This is almost as much of an inane and horrible/buggy mess as Ride to hell retribution...."
,Not Recommended,214250,26154443,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,KarateKite,"Drowning in technical problems. Very narrow FOV, camera controls that become stuck after you sprint or drop, or just for any arbitrary reason. Hint prompts that appear constantly and repeatedly, and can't be turned off. A shame."
,Recommended,214250,4191374,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Prospero666,"Some cool game mechanics like having bad guys stop running at you when you pull a gun.7h 21mins to beat so it's short, but it is but really fun. Worth the time to play though.8/10."
76561198093257127,Not Recommended,214250,26672421,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Kilon Kasio,"♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ing port. Runnin this on a 4790k, EVGA 1080, Z97 mobo, 16gb ram, and it stutters every 5 seconds. I've tried fixing the issue. Reinstalled it, edited the game file, switched to triple bufferring, v-sync enabled and disabled. Nothing fixe it. Would be great to play it but the stutter makes in horrifc.Anyone with a fix, comment and I'll try it. I'll update the review if it works."
76561198031451939,Not Recommended,214250,18454053,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Robe a Dobe,30 mintues in and I am already skipping cut sences.bad story telling unique gameplay could be good if you can stomach the boring story.
,Not Recommended,214250,25518568,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,vensik,"this ""game"" is unbelievably linear even the items your given are meant to be used at that very point or not long after encounters can typically be done in one way and god forbid you run out of bullets before one that requires them. this game is nearly unplayable. every year i open it back up thinking it couldnt be as bad as i thought it was but every time its a sobering reminder of what a AAA company can do to a promising indie title."
,Not Recommended,214250,26203288,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Reanimate,"I Am Alive is boring. Everything about it is boring. There's nearly no color anywhere, boring characters, weak atmosphere, nearly nonexistant story, simple gameplay, and more. The graphics are pretty below average, and shadows are god awful. It's not fun to play through. It's hard to believe I ended up completing the game back on the Xbox 360.I think the main problem is the devs. Maybe a post apocalyptic story based game isn't their thing. This game has hope, and it sounds good on paper. You play as a man (I can't remember his name because he's such a weak character) that ventures back into NYC after a series of earthquakes collapses the city upon itself. It's a bit fun to traverse the city, but the climbing and stamina system is so bad, it's not that much fun. I think, in the rights hand, I Am Alive could've been a great game, but Ubisoft Shanghei failed to create a great game around some rather interesting lore. I got this game on a sale for $3.75, but I'm gonna get a Steam refund and probably use that on trading cards or something. Or wait and see if a good game goes on sale for that price.Should you get it?No, not really. Watch some videos first to see if it looks fun to you before buying if you're still really interested in this game."
76561198071814520,Recommended,214250,12997942,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Corniepaste,"Absolutely a massively underated game. Yes its an xbox 360 port but with the new patch update and controller support, its quite beautiful in two ways. Graphically, yes its dated graphically but atmospherically it more than makes up for it. I personally really like the washed, sun bleached look. It all works brilliantly to be another character in itself. Bleak, dusty and desperate. You will stair in wonder at the sun glare and vista's through broken building windows, but despair about looking down to the dust soup below that you know you have to delve into.The second positive is its combat is a really great attempt at different. You are taught to think about using the tools they give you with such an incredibly limited ammo supply, seriously limited. I have used the same one arrow for my bow in nearly every battle.The added genius of a taunt option where you threaten with your pistol so that thugs back away at its sight and beg not be shot is great. However they will grow in confidence if you taunt to much and call your bluff realising that the gun is actually empty. Then they may attack, so will you machete, use the bow or run. You will die in this game, but each time it teaches you this is survival, so survive. It has a very standard but competent climbing and traversing mechanic which does its job well with good animation, although our hero does choose his own path occasionally.If I have one gripe its that the save system is spread out quite a bit and when you have exhausted your in-between checkpoint tokens, gathered for saving civilians along the way, you will be sent back quite a way to a previous save point, and with this loose a lot progress that you may have made.This game rewards exploration if you wish to risk it but with such intermitant saves points it also holds exploration back somewhat which is its only slight issue.For a couple of pounds on steam, even if you pay a fiver i highly recommend this little gem. Think 'Shadow of the collosus' meets 'the last of us' and you are there."
76561198034860388,Not Recommended,214250,8028934,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,( QC ) chiensale2005,"very bad survival game. climbing , climbing and climbing again. is so bad, i can't force myself to beat the game. my only true waste of cash i got in my steam list."
76561197960679840,Not Recommended,214250,12989045,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,R3ckl3ss Wh1teB01,Absolutely awful on PC
,Not Recommended,214250,9134543,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mooptychunk,This game is trash and thats all I have to say about it
,Recommended,214250,7795994,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Maverick,played about 15 hours on this in offline mode have completed on max difficult. good game. nice story. worth £6 even to play though once or twice
76561198074853948,Recommended,214250,23799131,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,drjleeper,"Worth a play but do get a trainer... getting killed constantly whilst you are learning the (bad combat etc) mechanics is way too much of a bummer... The graphics and the game itself looks like it is worth spending time to tweak... Buy it on sale or wait until it is... for the reord I AM TIRED OF BUYING GAMES I HAVE TO FIX... spending time searching for trainers & fixes is not game time... WE NEED TO SPEAK OUT HERE!!! The developers simply cannot continue to dump products on us expecting us to fix them... NOT COOL GUYS!!!... Example: Orde that great gaming system you worked & saved for... It arrives but does not work... Use your old computer to search for fixes then repair it yourself... Read the ""Lemon Law"" and you will know the this great country has provided consumers with a way to deal with people that mis-represnt their products... One more thing Fallout4 crashed only took me 3 minutes to figure out it was another long drawn out Bethesda Lemon to fix... Haven't we all spent far too much time fixing Fallout NV & 3 to last us a lifetime? I AM MAKING A STAND... IF IT IS MISREPRESENTED CLUNKLY BAD INTERFACE BAD COMBAT MECHANICS I AM SENDING THE DEVELOPERS A MESSAGE... GIVE ME MY MONEY BACK!!!! Don't sell anymore garbage expecting us to fix it & get out of my house your S__T stinks!!! Have a great day fellow consumers"
76561198009706358,Recommended,214250,32559851,Posted: 19 June,all,poomps77,Why cant this guy just wear a mask to cover his face that old clown.Fun game I'd not play it again though :)
,Not Recommended,214250,3770914,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,BridgetFisher,"This game is a bargain bin mirrors edge, it has no color its just boring.  Might as well be monochrome, who are these devs that make such terrible games.  Its beyond bad, words can not describe what a steaming mess this game is.Rating:  0/10   Value:  $0.00"
,Not Recommended,214250,34070776,Posted: 6 August,all,Panopticon,Constant crashes and progress loss.This game is not worth it.What a waste of time and money...
,Not Recommended,214250,9255445,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Catmotron,"I rage quit this after 24 minutes. Controlling the character is extremely frustrating, and not smooth at all. It is impossible to climb over the bridge in time without losing stamina. This game literally made me angry that I wasted money on it. I had high hopes too."
,Not Recommended,214250,8162465,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kagaros,"4/10 Can't say I really like this game. Not much action and all you do is run around, climb some stuff, run around even more."
,Not Recommended,214250,7748725,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ChuckFoo,"Hey, about time Steam started implementing the ability to give negative reviews for games instead of just being able to ""recommend"".  Wish I had that way back in Sep of 2012 before I bought & played this game...  Here's a post I put on the discussion forums at the time, venting my frustrations with it at the time:http://steamcommunity.com/app/214250/discussions/0/864945865113210984/"
,Not Recommended,214250,7946198,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Somali Salami,Not good.
,Recommended,214250,26289483,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Ryan goes,I like this game because this is a war where we must find out ways to live!
76561198095815858,Recommended,214250,7801507,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,TomahawkMan13,"Of course you're alive, HOW ELSE WOULD YOU BE PLAYING THIS GAME???"
76561198125895842,Not Recommended,214250,9237868,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,djfudds,"What a slow and frustrating game, this is getting deleted, dont waste your money or time."
,Recommended,214250,26161481,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,"One Tap, Big Flow","I played this game, going in, expecting a meh game, the artsyle was what really grabbed me, having finished it, it is actually a really fun game, fun interesting mechanics with stamina, an open story to play as you wish, and a game where how you deal with a situation is actually dependent on your survival. Its like the last of us and uncharted had a love child, the survival elements, environment and level design is very last of us but there is alot of climbing and puzzels like uncharted, every bullet matters, If you like either Uncharted/Tomb Raider or Last Of Us, this is a great game to pick up, while I was initally frustrated with the game crashing twice, near the start, I am glad, I pressed on, its not the best on Windows 10 due to the 2 aformentioned crashes, but I had no problems after that point"
,Recommended,214250,18940697,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,[WetMeat]Aim-Face,"Really enjoyed this one, cant wait for a sequel"
,Not Recommended,214250,26180767,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,laschinger,"I really wanted to like this game, I really did! There are so many concepts that could have led to a good game but it just didnt work out after all.The character moves very clumsy and laggy, what would have been kind of an important part for a game where it is all about the movement. During the first 30 minutes the atmosphere was very nice but dropped quickly after. One thing that could have got me is the combat system, if it wasnt so repetetive and dull after a few fights. I might even have kept going if the story and encounters were any good but even that was too weak and slow.I did like the concept of stamina, climbing and the fighting mechanics but like I said, I couldnt just enjoy it after all and deinstalled it after 2 1/2 hours because it just wasnt worth the time."
76561197962368459,Not Recommended,214250,10417590,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Lupus,"This game is a shame. It should be a PC exclusive titel. But then it wasreleased for consoles first. The Problem is, that they changed everythingin this game to fit in the sheme of a typical console game.Instead of an open world, like in ""Fallout 3"", you can only walk along a singleway that the game allows you. Inside Buildings you can only choose a singlepath that sometimes splits up into two options - climb up the ""A: Pipe"" or""B: Wall"", what doesn´t change anything relevant to the gameplay/story.The worst thing is to fight or trick enemies. You can not walk arround them.The game forces you to fight them, to make it more terrible, in a multiplechoice system.You walk down a floor and at a predefined position, the bad guys are triggeredto engage you. The fight itself is more a puzzle minigame then anything else.Looks great on screenshots, but isn´t worth to play it, even when it would befree to play."
76561197980783984,Not Recommended,214250,10812230,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Horny Shrimp,One of the very few times I wish I were dead instead.
76561198028350084,Not Recommended,214250,12281888,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Kak hander,♥♥♥♥♥
76561198042371996,Not Recommended,214250,12244627,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Crusader899,nearly impossible to play because of crashes and the game mechanics are nothing new. the game trys to be way to intense when it shouldn't be. the story isn't very good and i ended up being bored of it very quickly.
,Not Recommended,214250,12191131,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,ToucheRabbit,"Every time I see this game in my library, I'm ashamed I payed money for it. Unless you enjoy excessively long and redundant climbing puzzles that are incredibly slow and boring, this game is not for you. Combat usually consists of... 1) See enemy. 2) Shoot enemy with gun. 3) engage in quick time event to kill the other enemies, mashing the same button over and over, hoping one of the other enemies doesn't decide they want to attack you while you are stuck in a QTE (Quick time event). ALL combat aside from firearms and sneak kills are QTEs.The exploration might be fun, if not for the blurred graphics to try to make it look better. The textures didn't look nice, so they just blurred everything. Oh yeah, the game has next to no color, so everything looks pretty similar. Movement is really clunky and the climbing is obnoxiously slow and unneccesary. Oh yeah, if you are having trouble with a section, the game will make it harder by lowering your max stamina. So in an exploration game, they discourage exploring while climbing so you don't get an obnoxious lessened max stamina, make everything look incredibly boring, and make the occasional encounter pretty underwhelming too. Ever get that feeling where you get an objective in a game and it becomes and irritation and a chore? That's basically this entire game. (Most of the exploration I found was just someone telling you to backtrack to somewhere you have already been. /:) I was incredibly disapointed by this game."
,Not Recommended,214250,16238118,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,DiaSin // tFC,"So.. they present you with a broken bridge, you have to climb along the side of the bridge to progress. There are any number of what look like obvious hand-holds, but only ONE handhold is actually usable in each section of the bridge, and there is nothing to say ""this is the one you can actually grab"" and meanwhile, you are running out of stamina rapidly, and then fall off and die because you ran out of stamina while you are trying to figure out where the game actually allows you to grab to try and get across this bridge."
,Not Recommended,214250,8771178,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Wanderer,Your money would be better spent on something else.
76561198005919137,Not Recommended,214250,12862441,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Provoker,"Good idea, bad port, happened to too many games"
,Not Recommended,214250,13073896,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Chromigula,"My mother always told me that if I didn't have anything nice to say, I shouldn't say anything at all, and to that end, I can say that I thought the 3D platforming elements of this game were well done, if linear.  I constantly felt like I was in danger of falling off in a number of cases.  Unfortunately, there was one bit of ""danger"" music and it began to lose its punch after a while.  While there were a number of excellent city views in this game, a lot of my time also seemed to be spent with so much lens flare I could hardly see or with such an aggressive grain filter that it felt like I needed cataract surgery.  There were some interesting gameplay elements that became somewhat repetitive, but I felt like none of them ever really shined.  The exploration is fairly minimal, the plot is generic and never feels like it's really resolved, the survival aspect is somewhat tame.  I had an issue on my laptop where the ground would pop in and out depending on camera angle (I did not have this problem on my desktop, though my laptop more than meets system requirements as well).  There was one section that I was entirely unable to complete, but found a way to climb around it after a couple hours (much of it spent getting there from the previous checkpoint which was some way back as they are not very frequent).Ultimately, I think there's a market for this game, but it wasn't me."
,Not Recommended,214250,34770231,Posted: 5 September,all,CYR4X,Feels incomplete plus there are a lot of issues. The negative reviews will tell you all. Graphics are good tho.
,Recommended,214250,8722850,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ghost[qt],Decent game.
,Recommended,214250,3166721,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,Astori Heichalot,Lost alone in the same world yet different time. Giving you the feeling that one man alone is quite fragile in the brutal world.Playing on survival mode gives you the best desperate & surviving feeling.
,Recommended,214250,7675812,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Kynae,Awesome game
76561197963648068,Recommended,214250,157617,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,sKorpion,great game! slow start... give it an hour then it gets addicting ;) well worth the $15!
,Recommended,214250,602301,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,Origo,"If only they can dev. a ""AAA"" sequel to this game with the same way of survive. That would be so great.Anyway, worth it !"
76561198021308169,Not Recommended,214250,28365078,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Shovel Lover,Supposed to be tense and atmospheric post-apocalypse adventure.Mostly you spend your time bumbling around like a giant dork because the controls suck.
76561198044978199,Recommended,214250,18818336,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Belkington (♡Kray♡),"A very intresting game. It has a Silent Hill type map and a very fun combat system where you play red light, green light with your enemy before you thrust a machete into their torso. Ignoring the fact it has mixed reviews its one of my favorite games and I would recommend you pick it up when its on sale."
76561197974149460,Not Recommended,214250,18702385,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Wrath of Westchester,"The game's mechanics seemingly exist only to irritate and annoy. It's a console port, so expect to ruin your mouse with button-mashing. Most of the world's terrain is static and lifeless. I was done within half an hour."
,Recommended,214250,2380040,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,Rascilon,"I Am Alive is an atmospheric apocalyptic survivor game shown from a third person perspective.  The visuals and music are haunting and the the voice acting compliments the eery mood well.  Unfortunately the game shipped in a broken state and shockingly the xbox 360 controller for PC does not work and there is no workaround short of using a third party program to map through your keyboard.  This is shameful especially considering the game is a port.  It's sad that a large publisher like Ubisoft would not rush to fix such a major bug.  Someday I Am Alive might be worth the price, but as it stands I recommend gamers stay away from this broken product."
,Recommended,214250,25067421,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Charlie4077,"Overall a good game, but pretty short. It felt like a lot of buildup without any pay-off. But, it was still an experience I am happy to have had."
,Not Recommended,214250,26128666,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,めー,"Hardly ran, and when it did, ran poorly.  Not worth your frustration."
76561197987047936,Not Recommended,214250,10536787,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,The Squid,"I'm a little unsure how I feel about the game overall. It's got some strong, cool stuff - the dusty visuals are great, and a lot of the gameplay is genuinely intense and suspenseful. Combat has some clever ideas, especially bluffing and false (or real) surrenders, though it's overused in the final chapters. There are some control annoyances (though the camera problem seems to be specific to the PC version). And the thing that bugs me the most is how the story claims to be about one man's journey to find his family, but really that's the backdrop for a story about one man's journey to find someone else's family.The game is cheap, though, so it could still be worth your time. The camera problem I experienced apparently isn't present in the console versions, so if you're interested, I'd recommend playing it on XBox or PS3.Full review here:http://postlaunch.blogspot.ca/2013/01/i-am-alive.html"
76561198111867038,Not Recommended,214250,18780343,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,gary spievey,"Spare yourself the money. If this game was 0.99 I wouldn't even think twice about buying it. This game is more of a burden than an actual game. The grappling system is awful, the climbing mechanics are unbelievable, and the voice actors sound like they are cancer patients. Save yourself, and never buy this game."
76561198249809716,Recommended,214250,28786270,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,alecek,Just buy it.
76561198052562356,Not Recommended,214250,12618523,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Habi,"I really wanted to complete this game but I couldn't. The atmosphere is good, the story is interesting however the characters are dull and the gameplay is far to repetitive. It just gets boring and I was forcing myself to play at certain times.It could have been something really special due to the cool idea but it feels like the devs just gave up."
,Recommended,214250,22734563,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Grenadeh,"I Am Alive was a really good Xbox arcade game, with a subpar PC port that costs way too much after 4 years.Graphically this game is beautiful, but at the same time is almost a direct port from console with no extra effort put in to make it look better on PC, meaning it lacks the full gamut of options a game intended for PC would have. The desaturated color pallette common to movies and games that share similar themes like Fallout, The Road, Rage, Book of Eli, Mad Max and other post apocalyptic media fits the game perfectly. Unfortunately, it also garnered the game a lot of negative attention from whining casuals who only see overall trends in gaming and don't judge games based on their merits.I Am Alive is the story of a guy who was away from home when weather disasters destroyed the world [ostensibly] and has spent every moment since trying to get back to his wife and daughter. The game combines recognizable platforming with beautiful post-civilization landscapes, but also features melee and gun combat more akin to a realistic survival game (at least until the latter part of the game where you get a lot of ammo). Ammo is scarce and healing items more scarce. Everyone you encounter is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trying to kill you, and even some of the people you try to rescue will try to trick you into being killed like a lot of random NPCs in Witcher 3 or GTA5 will do.The story is predictable, and I'm not sure if the title of the game is supposed to be ironic or not, but I wish that the Chinese sect of Ubisoft that developed this were working on a full fledged sequel or re-imagining. Really the negative aspects of this game are the low fidelity graphics and the awful controller support on PC - not to mention the obvious lack of Steamworks integration for things like achievements.  I really wish the controller mapping was functional, because it makes this game all but unplayable on computer.If you can look past that or use something like Controller Companion, this game is worth the time of anyone who likes platformers or post-civilization games."
,Not Recommended,214250,26268240,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,anti.Hiko || SHOSH,"Requested refund.. the game had so much potential but ends up being lame af ,also i did put it in 1080p and i still had black bars..... looks like a beta build, do NOT buy."
,Recommended,214250,13866148,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Tato,"ENGLISH and Italian ReviewRecensione Inglese ed ITALIANAEnglish:Talking about this game ain't easy. It starts with the best premises: An immersive post-apochaliptyc atmosphere, a peculiar gameplay and a nice character story. BUT, it has an incorporated achievement system, so it doesen't use the Steam one. And that's a thing that i HATE. Because it makes achievements totally useless. The only reason of having an achievement system, it's to have them saved in your account, so you can then be satisfied and show them off. If you can't do that, they're useless. But that's the least. It doesen't investigate the catastrophe AT ALL. You don't know why, you don't know how.It lasts 6 hours MAX, counting the eventual failures. And the end is... is frickin fast. What do i mean for fast? Well, from the last mission onwards i had that feeling, like the developers had a short-term to finish the game, so they finished fit quickly and poorly. The last mission is just an enormus exaggerate and unrealistic fight with tons of enemies and the finale, well...You dead. Wanna know how? Wanna know why? lol, no, you dead. You just see your daughter (Or wife, i can't really remember) that found your camera, watches your videos and cries. And you?? Well, you dead, lol....So, the end isn't that great. No deep and too fast. And so much disappointing. That said, i can't really vote ""NO"" 'cause despite everything i enjoyed this little game a bit. Exluding the finale. The feeling i had, was of an hypothetical The Last Of Us, made quickly and on very low budget. If other than ""YES"" and ""NO"" there was a ""A LITTLE BIT"" option on the Steam reviews, i would pick that. But, for now, i feel forced to click ""YES"". (Sorry for my bad english)Italiano:Parlare di questo gioco non è facile. Inizia con le migliori premesse: Atmosfera post apocalittica immersiva, gameplay particolare e storia carina. Poi però ha un sistema di achievement incorporato, non usa quello di Steam. Ed è una cosa che personalmente DETESTO, perché rende gli achievement totalmente inutili. L'unico motivo degli achievement è poterli avere salvati sull'account e poterli mettere in mostra, e non puoi. Ma questo è il minimo. Non approfondisce il perché della catastrofe, neanche un po'. Dura al massimo 6 ore e qualcosa contando fallimenti vari ed eventuali, e la fine è sbrigativa. Cosa intendo per sbrigativa? Dalla missione finale in poi si ha questa sensazione, come se gli sviluppatori avessero una scadenza corta e avessero buttato il finale a caso in fretta e furia. L'ultima missione è semplicemente un gigante combattimento esagerato agli estremi, dunque poco realistico, ed il finale, beh..Muori. Ma non è che vedi il personaggio che muore eh, semplicemente una breve cutscene mostra tua figlia (O tua moglie, sinceraente non ricordo) che trova la tua videocamera e piange. Fine del gioco. Tu sei morto, e non hai riabbracciato tua figlia. Come sei morto non si sa. Ma sei morto.Molto poco profondo e molto sbrigativo. E molto deludente. Detto questo, non mi sento però di votare ""NO"" perché nonostante tutto come esperienza di gioco non è stata catastrofica, tutto sommato, finale a parte, il gioco non mi è dispiaciuto. La sensazione che ho avuto, è stata quella di un ipotetico The Last Of Us creato di fretta e a basso budget. Ecco, se oltre a ""SI"" e ""NO"" ci fosse l'opzione ""FORSE"" per le recensioni, utilizzerei quella. Ma fino a che non implementeranno un'opzione del genere, mi vedo costretto a premere ""SI""."
76561197970538715,Not Recommended,214250,8566854,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,phenar,"I like the concept, just controls are too wonky, or goofy. I gave up abuo 30 mins in. you have to force people around at gun point. which sounds cool, mainly it is just pointing a gun at a guy until he gets to a ledge then you kick him off.The game style is an old school Tomb raider. Figureing out physical puzzles of jumping and climbingwith the added layer of human interaction."
,Not Recommended,214250,29589436,Posted: 30 January,all,Falco,"If you're looking for some survival game, you probably should look futher because it's very disappointing at every angle: graphics, gameplay, story and it's very short. Avoid it."
,Not Recommended,214250,23743064,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,💝Dookers💝,Like some of the mechanics but overal this game is♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198123412028,Not Recommended,214250,23514784,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,cubbyzeeman,i wish i never bought this game.i wish i could sell it. or trade it.
,Not Recommended,214250,17217836,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Father Nick,"I had bought this game thinking it was another game. I expected nothing from this game, yet I was still dissapointed6/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,7995702,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Lloyd Clive,its boring.its repetive. its all the same color. do not want
,Not Recommended,214250,16429055,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Marcus,Not bad but dont get it.
,Recommended,214250,17369796,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Warmanreaper,"Best campaign. Scarce ammo and a♥♥♥♥♥♥load of bad guys, builds up your skill and reflexes."
,Recommended,214250,485892,"Posted: 15 September, 2012",all,Elensar,"Great concept for a game, its interesting, I like the stamina system and the enemy interactions are good however its really repetitive and the combat feels really scripted and boring.Enemy combat usually involves, observe who has a gun, surprise attack the gun person, quickly shoot the other gun guy with your one single bullet you managed to find and then get in a mouse button mash contest with the enemy with the knife. This is what anoys me with this game as its always the same and any attempt to try a different strategy usually results in you being shot once and killed.It could have been so much more fun, The graphics do a good job of looking apocalyptic and very end of the world and I am sure it is a good game for some players but for me it just doesn't get the job done at allI rate this 4/10"
,Recommended,214250,26113165,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Salsmo,"great game, i had some bugs with it but they were not so bad"
76561197980985911,Not Recommended,214250,13082612,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,SomeThingEviL,Worst game ever. DO NOT BUY!!!! IT'S THE WORST CONSOLE PORT EVER!!!
,Recommended,214250,10605119,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Mehungrey,I Am Dead After Playing This Game
76561198026281825,Not Recommended,214250,22954459,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Mark,"Atrocious controls, boring story and uninteresting gameplay in general."
,Recommended,214250,1792100,"Posted: 31 December, 2012",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Completed in 8 hours. The game is not a masterpiece but it is worth playing it. Graphics are not that bad. Worth to be mentioned: the new stamina - climbing system, and the shooting/fighting approach which is definitely interesting. Also the 'last man on earth' feeling is quite present, survival game? yes. I don't regret my 5 euros spent on this one. 75/100"
76561198037377133,Not Recommended,214250,33500050,Posted: 13 July,all,Georgek117,"A pretty niche game that feels undeveloped, lacks much depth, and is pretty linear. At first I wasn't sure about it; the story wasn't exactly imaginative, it borrowed elements from lots of other games (Splinter Cell, Assassins Creed and Silent Hill I believe!), and had a pretty forgettable plot. At first the game seems challenging but once you've stockpiled a ton of consumables and learned the basic strategy that'll get you through every single fight, you've essentially beaten the game and it isn't very challenging anymore.That saying, the further I played the more I started to enjoy it, even though it is very short (5-6 hours). It's very atmospheric and creepy, and the map has a kind of large central area which you can explore and climb various buildings in, between mission waypoints. There are various nps you can collect resources to help out. But it's not a groundbreaking game by any means, and mine frequently crashed - forcing me to replay entire chapters. Unfortunately I think this game is destined to be forgotten and will undoubtedly be left unplayed in the majority of most players' libraries (I had my copy for 4 years before I played it), if even bought/downloaded at all.It might appeal to a bunch of people, just be prepared to have some patience with the crappy Steam port."
76561197971446226,Not Recommended,214250,18560992,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,NastyNine99,"Seems like a good game but I got to a certain point, got stuck and then gave up on it. Tried to pick it up and play it again at another time and was still stuck.Never mind, I'll play something fun."
76561198053589957,Recommended,214250,29333394,Posted: 18 January,all,Mr.McSisterFister,choking on a million♥♥♥♥♥♥♥while trying to make my enemys think that still have ammo second game when?
76561198007258637,Recommended,214250,12207075,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,DR GOO,"I love games like this, what makes it different is there are no zombies, or whatever and you are thrown into a world where survival is the key against your nemesis...man.There is a charm and originality and some awesome graphics. Some tender moments and it's a damn pity the devs didn't finish it as they probably wanted to. It's a little short, but I replayed it many times, I was hooked.Although it shows 17 hours on record in steam, I would like to add I own the ps3 version too."
76561198129936651,Not Recommended,214250,34986254,Posted: 15 September,all,kokiri1232,"I Am Alive is a bad game it. let’s take about the story.You play as an unnamed Protagonist as he tries to find his wife and child after a worldwide cataclysmic event that wiped most of the human race.Now what I liked.Liked the little stories you get by helping people. Liked the fact, that you could make some enemies give up. Lastly liked the destroyed city.Now for I did not like.I did not like that the Protagonist was unnamed. I mean there are a lot of games that do the unnamed way better than this. Fallout, Dark souls, Rage, Limbo, just to name a few. But here just does not work.Did not like the claiming. What I mean by that you could be claiming a side pipe, then when you get to a pipe that you go up on, it sometimes goes to side pipe next to it.All so the enemies, I feel like there could have been more done with them. I mean take a game like Rage, in it enemies well jump, hide, take cover, and rush at you, all that stuff. This does not. I mean there is one part of the game, were some enemies in a tunnel fake being dead, but just in that one part, and never again.Then when some give up, I feel like again there could have been more done with them. Like ask them/ interrogate them. Or use them as a human shield.Now for the lack of weapons. Now I know ammo is scarce in the Post-apocalyptic world. But all most anything could be a weapon and you still could make some. Okay like in this game you get only a pistol, a machete and a bow and one arrow. You can get a shotgun, but only if you help someone.That is bull crap. In other Post-apocalyptic games, like the last of us, you get a lot of weapons but you still need to be careful with them ammo is scarce, plus you can make some little bombs or molotov cocktails. Or in Dying light you can make bombs out house hold items. Hell you can make arrows in that game. But in this game.And here is something that does not make sense there are Achievements you can get in the game, but not in steam. What mean you can Achievements like in the game but they don’t show on steam/no steam Achievements.And lastly the ending is anticlimactic.So with all said don’t get this game there are a lot of better Post-apocalyptic games out there besides this one."
,Not Recommended,214250,34767973,Posted: 5 September,all,GreenBeetle,I was doing fine until it started crashing over and over. Haven't tried again in long time. Probably never will.
,Not Recommended,214250,24822782,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,"God, owner of the Universe","THIS GAME SCORES [0 *1* | 2 3] = ~38% (25%-50%)(Might even only be 1of4, but I haven't seen enough of the game to judge.)""I Am Alive"" could have been good, but my experiences suggest that its game design in general is just bad.I get the ammo shortage idea, but the result the first time I came across it was this: 1) I had one bullet. Encountered a situation where I couldn't figure out a solution other than firing that one bullet. 2) Ten minutes later, I was at a fence or something, and crawling through the hole started a cutscene that I had no way of knowing would happen (So, my survival that supposedly depends on my decisions and how I balance stuff suddenly was very obviously tied to arbitrary game designer choices.), and when the cutscene was over, I wasinsidethe fenced area and had only seconds to save my life. That's really bad game design by itself (just sucking me in there without a warning, when the rest of the game screams ""This is a simulation!Youact and decide!""), but on top of that:The situation that unfoldedseemeddynamic, but no matter how hard I tried to avoid it: I got shot dead. Running/hiding was no option. So, since I had used my one bullet already in a situation that called for it, I was now stuck in a ""5 attempts left ... no, 4 ... 3"" loop that was just pure frustration, and it was at that time that a suspicion grew to certainty: This game is actually bad.When I tried again, I respawned a lot earlier in the game, so in combination with the accumulated frustration and the reasonable estimate that the rest of the game would have more such crappy game design decisions, I abandoned it entirely. Would have been a refund, but back then we didn't have that luxury yet.Btw., the very gimmicky and tediously slow climbing-on-rails situations didn't help, either."
76561198054120003,Recommended,214250,12539713,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,CaptainShanghai,Absolutely the most immersive and realistic post apocalyptic game ever. Highly recommended. 10/10.
,Not Recommended,214250,30326949,Posted: 4 March,all,Sorrien,"One of the worst Ubisoft games I ever played, and I've played a lot of terrible Ubisoft games. The mechanics and gameplay are just awful, which is a shame because I love the concept, just not the execution. This game is extremely linear, boring, punishing, and buggy."
76561198126325534,Not Recommended,214250,15792414,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Teenage dirtbag,You don't feel alive playing this game. false advertising/10
,Recommended,214250,22706923,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Splenchshsk #Road2Silver,Makes my Antivirus Crash.10 / 10
76561197962309135,Not Recommended,214250,24837067,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Sheepdog,"It was boring. But moreover, it was nothing like what was promised.I thought it would be some sort of open-world survival but it's incredibly linear."
76561198136996631,Not Recommended,214250,25189144,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,bobpepperoni,when i got the game at first it was cool but when i get off the bridge the hole game just dies the hole game just bugs up and never stops and that sucks bc i was eally looking foward to this game but i wasted my money on a game that doesent even work
,Recommended,214250,26131268,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,"Ragnar ""Loðbrók"" Sigurdsson","The Last of us pc verison....kind of, overall great game."
,Recommended,214250,174648,"Posted: 13 September, 2012",all,nutcrackr,"Pretty good action, survival, platformer. It's rough around the edges and the combat can be somewhat simplistic. However these negatives aren't enough to detract from the good atmosphere. It can be quite tense in some battlles. I would certainly want to see more."
76561198116979098,Not Recommended,214250,26317704,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Thabow,it dosent work
,Not Recommended,214250,17463811,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,alilgoat,"Terrible.This game is nothing more than a chore to play, I wish I would have saved my money.Everything this game has done has been done better elsewhere."
76561197990904452,Not Recommended,214250,33574398,Posted: 15 July,all,|TaC| Kirche Des Todes,"Between the lame game controls or the impossible machete fighting that locks you in combat with one NPC while another one is stabbing you in the side, this game SUCKS. I am so ashamed that I gave these people fifteen dollars for this game. ONE of the worst $15 I have ever spent."
,Not Recommended,214250,25311951,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Fanny Fulbright,Tried to do a fight in two different ways.It only works one way.okay game.4/10
,Not Recommended,214250,25613656,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,[Riot] Dale Darland,"now i dont like giving bad reviews ( unless they are true and are much needed ) but without fail DONT BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME, you will regret it, and feel kinda bad you spent your money on it and depending on when all the glichs come into affect, and i aint talking about minor ghlichs either, i mean game breaking cant do jack♥♥♥♥♥♥ even if you start an ENTIRE NEW LOT OF SAVES, game breaking ghlichs will stop you from finishing, from invisable walls in puzzles that shouldnt be there to hostile the game not opening, atleast not without tinkering WITH ALOT OF SETTINGS"
,Not Recommended,214250,14710435,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,x2Li,"Dont buy this game, you will regreted !"
76561198046675266,Recommended,214250,12269550,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,This game reminded me of Fallout 3 and Alan Wake. It was very interesting and I really enjoyed it.Challenging in some parts but otherwise it was pretty fun!8/10
76561197970538611,Recommended,214250,18924399,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Westenra,I Am Impressed
76561198074003537,Recommended,214250,12639271,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Pheonixsiren,good game but can tell it is unfinished. needs some dlc
,Not Recommended,214250,26282958,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Doom Player  1,"We could have the Death Sentence, OR we could force convits to play ""I Am Alive"""
76561198072884760,Not Recommended,214250,12321849,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,7OuterElements,"I played this game on the PS3, and I enjoyed the hell out of it. When I saw it on Summer Sale, I thought it was a safe buy.It wasn't. My computer isn't the best, but this game's problems run a lot deeper than my GPU. It stuttered constantly, had audio issues, and the input delay was so terrible that I couldn't struggle past the very first set of obstacles. This is an unbelievably awful port, and I don't recommend it to anyone. Not until they remove all the wrenches stuck in the gears of the game."
,Recommended,214250,32143949,Posted: 2 June,all,Quickshooter,"this version has no achivements and uses Sec-rum which crashes my gameworth playing but not worth buying, go torrent this instead"
76561198016129633,Not Recommended,214250,22809734,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,╬ August von Kageneck ╬,Boring and repetitve gameplay made me not finish the game.
,Not Recommended,214250,23786924,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Burn,"So I wanted to see if Ubisoft Shanghai would've hired me for an accounting or marketing position. I have a nice and stable career, but I always romanticized to work in the gaming industry. I sent them my resume and went to their office for an interview - all just out of curiosity. They asked me if I played any of their games. I have not played any of their games because I only use one DRM (Steam), I don't use Uplay, Origin, the Windows' or Blizzard's DRM, etc. On my way out I asked if they could tell me the name of their games I could check out. They told me about their ""Tom Clancy's EndWar"" game, also they gave me a list of a bunch of local mobile games, and they mentioned their soon-to-be-released game ""I Am Alive"". A couple years later I finally checked out their game ""I Am Alive"" and I'm happy that I did not join that company!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=710220242http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=710228883"
76561198072031137,Not Recommended,214250,12711726,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,PantheraLeo,"This is one of the worst games I have ever played. It is not only boring, but it also have unresponsive unpredictible controls and atrocious graphics. Not only is it ugly, but the game does not want you to see anything with the constant rays and flares.Long story short: terrible port of even worse game."
,Not Recommended,214250,26013150,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,trAcerspikeZ GAMING,i don't llike the controls very much and the slowness of the response time of said buttons...
,Recommended,214250,1700650,"Posted: 10 October, 2012",all,ChrisG,"This game has some nice moments of action, climbing, sneaking and more.You are almost everytime almost dead, out of stamina and totally out of bullets. You can be very happy if you have 1 of them.It's very good how you can interact with enemies and how they interact with you before you kill them ofc.Almost everything you do will reduce your stamina. No stamina means you dont have much health soon if you dont heal or take a rest.The story is a bit lame and has not the length i wish. You search for your wife and daughter but you find someone else and help them. Beside the mainstory you can help other people with medicine and stuff. This gives you more Replays which you need to stay in game!!!Some people say the game has a big Cliffhanger but i dont think so if you understand the end. But that's up to you.The game is not using his full potential. 6/10"
76561198237439946,Not Recommended,214250,28387160,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,sa1jck,The game is hard too hard
76561198036111216,Not Recommended,214250,12433775,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,A Felon Trying To Go Straight,I have encountered a glitch and im suprised ubisoft has not fixed this everytime i try to jump a brdge with a grappling hook i just fall when i jump off. I cant proceed further in the game so this was just a waste of time and money
,Not Recommended,214250,26119851,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Acteon The Plague Doctor,IT WORKS! REFUND BUTTON WORKS!
,Not Recommended,214250,12671071,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,James B. Grossweiner,"This game is so hard to look at, and the gameplay too unrewarding and too unexciting for me to continue"
,Not Recommended,214250,32582149,Posted: 19 June,all,Rose,Game has the worst control scheme i've ever experienced in my life. Idk why its broken but if anyone knows how to fix it let me know.Firstly i'm using a PS4 controller that's emulating an xbox 360 controller and I just tested a few other games so its defintely just this one.The games aim button for me is the select button. The way you turn the camera is by using the left and right bumpers the way you pause the freaking game is by pressing in the right stick. Yeah no thanks.
,Recommended,214250,9697950,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Vman1194,"Overall a fantastic game in my opinion. The gameplay and the way you interact with the enemies is really done in a way i've never seen before. However the graphics are lacking a bit, and the game is rather short. Like i said though, I think that despite a few shortcomings it really is a great game."
76561198040532097,Recommended,214250,9726532,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Spiffy,"Im going to start off by saying that I would probably pay even more for this game.  Think of a Nether like enviorment with some of the best NPC's ive seen in a long time.  Just the way that the game played made me feel like I was truly in the apocolypse.  You pull out a gun and people stop because there worried you'll shoot, even if you dont have any ammo.  But the minute you accidentally pull the trigger, they hear the blank round and begin attacking.  Marvelous. 8.7/10."
76561198011672471,Recommended,214250,9866936,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Predator,"People give I Am Alive a lot of crap for being short and linear (then they go back to playing CoD, oh the stupidity). I Am Alive is not as short as people make it out to be, but it isn't as long as a normal game (Think about if you took both Burial at Sea episodes and combined them, that's how long this game normally is). The gameplay mechanics are basic enough with a few gimicks (such as the bluff mechanic) and the AI is pretty solid. I also haven't run into any bugs like people are complaining about. All in all, don't listen to the majority of the people who say crap about this.7.5/10"
,Recommended,214250,684190,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Hybr13,"If you like thinking your way through things, this is an apocalyptic survival game you probably want to pick up. I am Alive will deliver thrills down your back as it constantly greets you with unique scenarios/puzzles that put you on the verge of death. Simply said, I am Alive is a game that requires patience and sharp controls from the player. The slightest mistakes could kill you, and the game punishes death in an extremely unforgettable way."
,Recommended,214250,2511910,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,Rorik [MLT],Awesome game but has a bad ending and aweful camera.It's a shame they didn't complete the main character's story :/
,Recommended,214250,2787966,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,raptorash,"Absolutely loved this game and would like to see a sequel made, Some very intense moments when I wasn't sure if I would live. Definetly check it out if you like some darker games."
,Recommended,214250,10405702,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,why so serious,"this game needs a better ending, not some girl crying after looking at the recording"
,Recommended,214250,2495190,"Posted: 27 September, 2012",all,LiquidJoy,Loved the way both the combat and exploratin had a puzle element and the atmostphear was great. i feel hard done by due to abrupt ending at what i thought was around the half way point
,Recommended,214250,1378733,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,GeneralTaggart,Wasted potentially. But still story is great..
,Recommended,214250,7552745,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Lodgefella,Everyone told me this game was going to be garbage (yeah I'm looking at you Dan) but I found it to be awfully entertaining. I think that whole premise of having to decided who you need to shoot first is a challenging but fun concept.
76561198046086036,Recommended,214250,10055587,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Kian | Aeyxa,"Fun game but short, hope there's a second."
76561198076285553,Recommended,214250,6820881,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Keiji Asrigoth,"Plenty of game play hours, tons of secrets, and a lot to see. Overall, a very good survival game, holding those feelings of loneliness, and that your life in on the line."
76561197969547636,Recommended,214250,9733862,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Rue,Despite it's flaws (and there are many) I ended up enjoying this game. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥is it ever ugly though.
76561197993613287,Recommended,214250,1477881,"Posted: 20 February, 2013",all,shadowkrosser,"A seriously impressive 3rd Person shooter.  Skillfully done climbing system, a dry and dark atmosphere and a unique use of social dynamics in combat make this clearly note-worthy.  Add in a good story and relatively well-executed voicing and you get a game that is definitely worth the time and money.  Be warned though, it can be difficult (note:  I only played on the Survivor difficulty)."
76561198018024038,Recommended,214250,3135809,"Posted: 8 September, 2012",all,iKilik,"Great Concept. Graphics could have been better, and the ending left unanswered questions, other than that the game is great."
,Recommended,214250,1060380,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Herejoeywas,"I thought this game was amazing, a break from the normal apocalyptic style games with a fantastic twist on how guns and used in a survival setting."
,Recommended,214250,5979433,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,mr.sparky,"A great post-apocalyptic survival game that's actually realistic. No zombies or mutants here, just the harsh environment and other people trying to survive.Food, items and ammo are scarce, and it really makes you think about conserving every bullet and morsel of food. Your actions in each situation can have big ramifications. Do you quickly draw your pistol and shoot a thug (and waste a bullet in the process), or threaten him with your loaded pistol and hope he backs off. Do you give your last can of food to a starving survivor, or keep it for yourself for when you need it the most.I found this game thought provoking and it left an emotional impact on me. Highly recommended for anyone wanting to play something more grounded in realism than the usual ""blockbuster"" style action game..."
76561198049315490,Recommended,214250,5409788,"Posted: 16 September, 2012",all,Korgrom,"Игра супер, одина из лучших игр в своем жанре!!!"
,Recommended,214250,1294301,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Nice Nahyon,He isn't.
,Recommended,214250,6473920,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,hoods_breath,"Couldn't stop playing it. Gripping story, Good platforming, and combat from start to finish."
76561198069519726,Recommended,214250,9243484,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,TT.Chair,"I Am Alive had it's highs and lows, although nowhere near perfect, was still a wonderful game...It had a hefty amount of features that distracted me. The parkour was occasionally choppy, espesially with rails on building sides, and anytime you walk past a survivor in need of help, they would repeat their entire problem to you no matter how many times you passed them, and if you walked away to go find what they're looking for, they would say somthing like, ""Dammit, knew you couldn't care less. You are a terrible person and you should feel bad."" The game itself was linear, and don't get me wrong, linear games are fine, but with this game's ""survival"" label, I felt too cooped up when the game told me that 'I should't be going there yet' as soon as I veered off the correct street thinking I saw a better way to a destination. Even on the correct route, sometimes there was no breathing room. Fallen rocks and barbed wire barricaded nearly every nook and cranny at certain points.The game was certainly good, but with every good thing about it comes tiny bad things that add up. Though the color scheme was like no other, but somtimes things just looked drab and colorless; the combat was brilliant, yet a tad repetitive; the story was intriguing, just not developed enough; and the ambient suspence music was great, but goes on and off like a toilet around a group of bored six year-olds. It fades out way too quickley, and if I'm just going for a safe leisurly jog, it sounds like I could be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥any second from behind because my stamina lowered a bit. Perhaps the only element not having a down side was the atmosphere, I can't leave that out.To finish up, I thought the game's ending was abrupt. There were still unanswered questions and little loose ends that could have been tied with just one or two extra missions. A DLC would be fitting for the wrap up, so I really hope one comes out! If you just skipped to the end of this rambling set of paragraphs, just get the game. It's pretty good."
76561198035293488,Recommended,214250,9221299,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Mango Unchained™,This game is really good the concept of litreally wasting nothing and collecting all that is available is just gripping at times. The story it self is really good i enjoyed the game its a decent play through and at times can be frustrating. There is some glitches here and there but i would recommend playing this game if your into a Tomb Raider survival style game with a wasteland setting. 8/10Mango Unchained
76561197983784591,Recommended,214250,9224578,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,DirtyStiv,Wery good game with intresting story
12345678910111314,Recommended,214250,9216238,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Rax,the climbing from assasins creed. An apocalyptic and also dark storyline i enjoyed this game.
,Recommended,214250,9357962,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Amaymong,"It's a good game, the graphics suffer from that usual unreal engine thing where the textures take a bit to load, but aside from that there is nothing really to complaint about."
76561198001125950,Recommended,214250,9362588,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,matrix1986,Interesting story so far and not your normal post-apocalypse game.
,Recommended,214250,9409731,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Vanellope Von Schweetz ♥,Short game but has a very touching storyline. Game elements are quite fun and effective. Games choices remind me of Tellltales the Walking Dead. Each choice helps decide if you are a good person or not.
,Recommended,214250,9391987,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Slacks - I'm the dad!!!,This game is sweet! You really have to think abou t everything you do!
76561198058502704,Recommended,214250,7525079,"Posted: 30 October, 2013",all,[UGL]Kakoesque,This game is litterly amazing. It mixes thriller with a shooting and a survival game. Which is the best combination; if you ask me. It keeps me on the edage of my seat.
,Recommended,214250,8111636,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,SammerBlammer,"A mediocre game which cant decide whether its indie or AAA. This game takes what could've been an enticing atmospheric adventure and oversupplies it with monotonous gameplay and a tedious story. Potentially worth it on sale, but there are better games out there at the same price."
76561198093129959,Recommended,214250,10112123,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,samuelyk,"I recommend this game, but not for 15€, wait for sale! I bought it for 3,74€ (Thats why I recommed this game, for 15€ not recommend)+ Different game+ Survival, low supplies, low ammo+ Graphics is nice- Lenght: only 4 hours of gameplay- Commbat options are very low: one type of knife attack, one ""silent/quick"" knife kill, pistol, bow (mostly you have only one arrow)- Aiming with gun is stupid, if you are lucky you are able to target guy with pistol, but it is mostly luck- If you compare it with Assassins Creed (also Ubisoft game), it could be much more better"
,Recommended,214250,9747133,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Oostin,Really fun game I enjoyed playing it really good challange knowing that if you run out of lives your going back to the beginning and thats if you play on hardcore the ending leaves you hanging and there are no add-ons but other than that 8/10 game.
76561197968610458,Recommended,214250,9840286,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Dariru,"Short but sweet, this is worth it if you can get it on sale. While the gameplay can be glitchy at times (often when I died, my gun remained in are while my body fell; once my body disappeared while playing), it's nothing that hampers gameplay.  And though the textures can be bland, the graphics are snazzed up by the fx, and look darn cool if you push this into the indie game category (which is really where it fits in to). For those looking for a Fallout fix, however, this is not quite the right game for you. This is not an expansive role playing game in which to emerse yourself. This game more of an indie gamers 'realistic' take on the post-apocalyptic genre (conserving ammo and supplies, tricking enemies. etc). I enjoyed it a lot, especially since it didn't cost me much to buy."
,Recommended,214250,9331743,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,DarkEetrius,"Great game, fun to play, and creepy at times. Love the concept, fights are a little to Forced, but other then that its worth the cheap price."
76561198009549547,Recommended,214250,16952855,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Dances_With_Bears,"Thouroghly enjoyable, any bugs or glitches I came across I blamed on my VERY low end PC (which played extremely well for surprisingly) even though it mostly didn't matter, as they were such minor inconveniences, but the ones I did come across were gamebreaking and usually crashed my game. nice story and some origina features that gave me some enjoyment. All in all 7.6/10Ready for a sequel."
,Recommended,214250,17395354,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Dante,"My opinion, short and sweet:  Good game, but not worth full price, if they make a sequil, this will more than make up for the flaws.Reasons for the opinion (minor spoiler):It's a good game that has great atmosphere and story.  The climbing and combat mechanics are very good and a bit diffrent than the norm, so they take some getting used to, but deffinitly add to the realism.  My biggest complaint is that the game feels very short, and the endingleaves plenty of room for a sequil, but at the same time leaves unanswred questions."
,Recommended,214250,5636301,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,TwoStep2RedHeads,"Best Arcade Game, and Gameplay is suited for Survival!"
76561198051079784,Not Recommended,214250,17347732,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,pavelzbo,"Had some fun but mostly choked on dust.Rather short game with interesting mechanics and a promising setting, but a story told very unengagedly and little variety.Let's hope we'll Last of Us on Steam some day..."
76561198003286783,Recommended,214250,2162980,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Tikuwa@,クリアした　なかなかよかった　世界観が合えば面白いとおもうアクションが苦手な人はきついかも　戦闘もちょっとなれないとつらい続編が出そうな終わりかただった
76561197992754214,Recommended,214250,17385387,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Thats_Mike,I really enjoyed this thrilling post-apocalyptic game.
,Recommended,214250,8775080,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Lumina,"My first review was a negative one, as it wouldn't run on Windows 8.1. Although you get a message of incompatibility during instalation on Windows 10, it runs perfectly. I'm truly enjoying it. Combat is a little rough on the edges, but the climbing is fine. The AI is decent. The best thing about it is that it's not ""shoot on sight"", from both player's and NPC's perspectives. Of course some will try and kill you, but others are just waving a gun at your face to protect their belongings. There are the ones who doubt you have bullets - a VERY common scenario - and just go berserk and you have to kill them anyways. Some even surrender.It's a post-apocalyptic ""save it for a rainy day"" Silent Hill. I like it and almost didn't buy it because of criticism. If you're into survival and Silent Hill, go for it."
,Recommended,214250,15260843,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,sardonov,"If you saw the trailer and believed that is a post-apocalyptic Assasin Creed. I have a bad news, this game is a lie. On the other hand, isn't as bad as many think.HAS:+ugly graphics+weak storyline, which, however, has some strong and interesting moments+unpleasant combat system, which is quite realistic+good level design combined with reduced staminaTogether all of this should give you a pretty good game. It probably would be nice if at some point the game hasn't changed in the simulator of food delivery in the devastated city. At some point, everyone you meet will want your valuable food or something, in return getting something absolutely useless. On the other hand, if you skip this, game will be really short.The game isn't worth more than $ 5."
,Recommended,214250,6606620,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,Shedowrush,"Одна из лучших игр ,в которые я либо играл"
76561198005229735,Recommended,214250,2288920,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,do11in2,Played 5 mins then uninstalled it
76561197973744559,Recommended,214250,16703350,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,S.T.A.L.K.E.R GHOST,"A game that deserved the full release it was orignially intended to be, I am Alive is the PC equivalent of the Last of Us. The game starts out by throwing the player right into the thick of it. You will have to learn as you go that things are bad, really, really bad and only your own wits will help figure out how to survive. Supplies are very limited and making a choice of shooting some thugs versus avoiding them alltogether or giving up precious supplies to aid a civilian in need is always hard. In certain situations these sacrifices that you make will help out, but you never know if you will get anything in return. That is the beauty to the gameplay here, you make your own way to the destinations marked on your map as you discover where you need to go next and the choices you make result in either your survival or death, it is brutal and black and white.You quickly learn to not trust your fellow man and getting creative with your combat is just part of the fun.The story will hit home right off the bat and the ending will make you think, but the fetch quests to get to the end make the otherwise realistic feeling of the atmosphere fade and give way to the fact that you are playing a game. However, this everyman appraoch to the character is ultimately what you as the player make it to be and you have the choice to do or not do certain parts of this story quest. Thus making up for the prior shortcoming because you are given a canvas and a paintbrush.The graphics leave a lot to be desired and you might be best served by applying mods the reduce the film grain and remove the BW filter from the game, but those are in place for atmospheric reasons and nail the point this game tries to et across. Leaving them on for the first playthrough is recommended.As a package there is good replay value and you get a fun experience for your money. The lack of co-op or the ability to join or form factions in the single-player campaign is disheartening as this would have bolstered the experience but as a downloadable title this holds up really well without."
,Recommended,214250,510855,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Pingaheimer,"Decent game, but short as heck."
,Recommended,214250,6250660,"Posted: 20 September, 2012",all,Tommy,the camera control and the ending sequence made me go FFFFFUFUUUUUUU!!!!!! else it's an interesting survival game which anyone who like this kind of genre should have this in their library.
,Recommended,214250,2011769,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,Captain Quattro,"Overall, the game was good.I Am Alive features unique survival gameplay that is able to stand alone among similar games in the genre. Resources are scarce, combat is challenging, and the world seems to have a heavy, oppressive feel to it.The game features a clever climbing system where the player must utilize stamina effectively, and a unique combat system that attepts to humanize the enemies.Although the gameplay is fantastic it's storyline is not. It is short, only four or five hours long, and left me dissatisfied and empty (this meaning that there was no clear resolution to the story). But, despite that fact, I would still give the game a  7/10 or 8/10.It is worth a playthrough. But wait to get it while its on sale."
,Recommended,214250,4191823,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Valassi,"An excellent, relatively short game (5-9 hours) characterized by realistic-looking post-apocalyptic settings that are quite stunning to behold. The level of attention to detail is downright impressive and really helps to immerse you within its story that is rather simple at its core but is enhanced by endearing moments & characters that feel and act like living, breathing human beings. I found that I cared about the main character's plight and mission and was invested in trying to make this hellish future into a better place by saving an adorable little girl, helping to reunite her with her absent mother, encountering other survivors and aiding them when I could and murdering opportunistic SOBs that preyed on the weak and innocent, JUSTICE IS SERVED beeyatches! xDThe gameplay itself is well-balanced with platforming elements that emphasize managing your limited stamina during its many awe-inspiring climbing portions that have you scaling the side of unmaintained skycrappers, clambering across elevated scaffolding and more while using pistons to pause and recuperate at opportune moments. It made these sections feel tense, as close to reality that a game can get and a lot of fun.Finally, the combat is also quite well-done as you can make charging gang members halt in their tracks by whipping out a gun, frightening them into holding their hands up as you either use this opportunity to back them into hazardous elements of the environments which is always a riot to watch unfold or blast them apart with well-placed shots. This is especially fun as you can do this while out of ammo but take too long and your opponents will wise up and charge you.9/10"
,Recommended,214250,13824133,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,FoundGamer,"Couldn't stop playing, sooo good! Had some trouble with the movement of the character while climbing though."
,Recommended,214250,6481490,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,[G3R} Dack_Janiels,"Einfach nur Hammer das Game....  Die Atmosphäre ist TOP,Gameplay auch spitze.... wer auf puren Survival Steht wird dieses Game Lieben...."
,Recommended,214250,2132301,"Posted: 4 February, 2013",all,Toddy_Inc,♥♥♥♥ yea!
,Recommended,214250,13797224,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Sir Boss,I am alive is ubisofts take at silent hill. now its not just a money grab its a good game and a must play.
,Recommended,214250,4774598,"Posted: 11 December, 2012",all,Jakesays,"Good horror/survival to start with although gets repetetive, no replayability."
,Recommended,214250,15625779,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,HatebreedeR_13,"This is a great game that I enjoyed very much throughout my playthrough. It has a great dystopian atmosphere and despite some people's complaints, this blurry effect is so spot on that it makes you feel like you really are surrounded by dust (=the main reason why human life is facing extinction according to the plot). The only complaint I have is that its playtime is too short (about 6 to 9 hours long) and it feels like the ending was rushed a bit. But even so, this didn't ruin the great experience I had with the game.I would recommend it a lot to gamers that are looking for a great post-apocalyptic game. It is very reminiscent to ""Last Of Us"" but take note that this is a far lower budget release!PS: In case you see it on sale then this this is a no-brainer decision!"
,Recommended,214250,3495341,"Posted: 7 September, 2012",all,YppleJuke,Наыерно я первый кто порекомендовал ее
,Recommended,214250,3018181,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,P4ckY,"Sehr gewöhnungsbedürftige Steuerung und Farbfilter, allerdings ein sehr gutes Spielprinzip mit einem Hauch von Survival, eine gute Story, gute Musik und das alles zu einem angenehmen Preis.Fazit: Action-Adventure Fans können es sich auf jedenfall anschauen."
76561198072336177,Recommended,214250,15230227,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,BLVCK MASSK,"Seriously though, this is a really good game. People don't give it enough credit.It really is a shame it isn't as well produced as it promised; the graphics suck, the main character's face gives me the creeps. The movements are awkward and the AI is really weird. Like, you're armed, and you point a gun at a guy, he'll stop and raise his hands. As soon as you put your gun down, he'll make a run for you, even if you're still looking at him. And then, you pull your gun back up and he'll stop. The concept is really really good, though, specially because you can do that even when you have no bullets at all, and they will kill you if you try to shoot when you run out of ammo.The survival element is the best thing here. It's been yeeeears since I've played a game that really got me scared that, at some point, I wouldn't have any supplies left. The first survival games I've played were probably the only ones to give me that feeling. You can manage the health supplies if you don't risk yourself too much (you'll probably have some of them left by the end of the game if you do that), but bullets are really hard to find. The story is also quite good. It's simple (literally just a guy trying to survive and find his family), and I won't spoil anything, but it really has a good take on that ""main hero"" figure every game usually has. You'll (hopefully) get it at the end.Overall, I have a feeling, and I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not, that this game would end up better than The Last of Us (given it has a similar concept of survival, except that it's way easier to survive on TLoU) if it had enough budget and less production problems. Saddly, this isn't what happened and the game has its technical issues, but I'd recomend it anyway. There aren't any problems that ruined my gameplay, so I believe it'll only make things look awkward sometimes at most. Even so, it's short and it's cheap by now, so I'd say go for it."
76561198054856135,Recommended,214250,15240942,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nepith,"War ganz cool aber die Story hätte etwas besser sein können,wenn die Story (wenn es einen 2ten Teil gibt (hoffe ich zumindest))im 2ten weiter geht  und man seine Familie sucht ist es echt geil.Kommt denn noch ein 2ter Teil?"
76561197983497690,Recommended,214250,16507687,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Patrick,"short, but super fun... wait until its on sale"
,Recommended,214250,9925881,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Brookofhal,"I HIGHLY reccomend this game. It's a very intense game with required precision. The only thing this game lacks is content. I wish this game was longer. It is an very well done game with interesting dynamics and gameplay, but not a very long story."
76561198051074832,Recommended,214250,10850428,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,xXHEEROXx,"It was okay, is not worth the original price.  Buy it when it's on special."
,Recommended,214250,11364871,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Sahkonteic,Its a fun short game that has a lot of challanges and should be played by most gamers out there at least once.
,Recommended,214250,11275838,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Money Hugger,Very cool story line if you like it when the world goes to♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,214250,4436677,"Posted: 18 December, 2012",all,night_trekker,"I Am Alive is as close to a video game version of Cormac McCarthy's The Road as anyone will ever get.  If that sounds appealing to you, it's a definite buy.  It's far better than the reviews would suggest."
,Recommended,214250,800863,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,northern_pilot,Great game! it has an asasin's creed feel to it but you can die very easily!
76561198040443952,Recommended,214250,4658138,"Posted: 19 November, 2012",all,MARIOtheMINOTAUR,"This is a surprisngly awesome game! I mean, I thought it was going to be good, but I didn't expect to to be SO good XD Yes, it's not perfect, but how many games are? Try out the game for yourself, it really is an awesome game."
76561198008260349,Recommended,214250,12287276,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Shubacka66,"I have been wanting this game for a long time after I first saw it on Youtube, this game was totally under the radar and it looked so good I just wanted it right then, but at that time there where only a Ps3 verion out, when it finally showed up to PC here on Steam I just grabbed it, so is it worth it? the game is certanly nothing spectacular and the graphics was a bit disapointing even if they are ok I guess, it gives that post apocalyptical atmosphere really good and it have a great story, you have to climb obstacles to move on in the game, sometimes it will be a great challenge because you just can't figure out how to do it. so you have to think your self trough it mostly. it is a climbing game simular to Tombraider, there are bandits on the way you have to take care of. there are no monsters or goblins in this game and was a fresh wind, the game tries it best to realistic simulate the end of the world, the controls are a bit broken and is the bad part of the game, other than that, it is a good game and is entertaining to play, I would recommend pick this game up on sale, if it wasn't for the awkward controls I would have given 7/10 but I will only give a 5 out of 10 for that reason, still it is a recommended buy if you can get it cheap. but I would only recommend it if you like the post apocalyptic genre, if not, there are better games you can blow your money on."
76561198068582999,Recommended,214250,14205447,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,the weed man,"The game is great, interesting, and managed to make a good apocalpse without zombies.The combat system is unique and great, and the game is overall awesome, the ending pretty much left me with no closure though as it is supposed to set up a sequel that we wont get."
,Recommended,214250,14207586,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,⚔ -  zSýndìcate Sabre  - ⚔,"A great yet horrific game. Some of the experiences in I Am Alive may cause you to question if you would rather be alive or dead in such a scenario. It's a gritty brutal experience not dissimilar to Metro 2033 & sequel set to Ranger Mode & no HUD. Albeit different in location and story direction.My only real issues with the game is its poorly designed camera configuration settings. Which may be overlooked by some as a difficulty increasing factor. I would say set to its highest difficulty the game in terms of nerve jarring, fear generation moments of frustration to survive is on par with DemonSouls and Darksouls (The First).The question is will you emerge from this wasteland or will it claim you for one of its own while you slip into the insanity that unfolds...?8/10.Well worth its current price at 15$.I paid 20 on the Playstation and felt the experience was worth it.I'm primarily a PC gamer and bought it again to support."
,Recommended,214250,6080550,"Posted: 9 November, 2012",all,Belinda,"Graphics aren't the best, and the voice acting is....blah.... but the game as a whole is fun and unique. Worth the money ;D"
,Recommended,214250,13634031,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,SantaCruzGears,"I don't like reading reviews or watching trailers before I watch a movie, and have a similar approach to games. Sometimes, a game is a waste of time and sometimes you hit the jackpot and finally play a game that feels different and is worth playing. I AM ALIVE is a true rare gem.I am so grateful that somebody out there is not making more call of duty sequels or clones. I like an FPS as much as the next guy, but come on already. Give us something new, a new challenge. This is why I liked I AM ALIVE so much. The resource management aspect of it alone added a whole new layer of challenges to the game. The stamina, the food, the thirst. This game really drew me in and made me feel like I was in danger.I give this game 9.5 out of 10, if I say why not 10/10 then I'll spoil the plot, but there you go.I play most of my games with an xbox 360 controller, and Big Picture mode will sort the games by controller support. I got a warning saying this game required a mouse and keyboard, not true, it works beautifully with an xbox controller.If you're a gamer, and got other things to do besides play run and gun on multiplayer, then add this game to your wish list today."
76561197972805184,Recommended,214250,13313128,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,TICO,good game
,Recommended,214250,9198051,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Lazarus,Fantastic story and immesion unlike very few games before it.
,Recommended,214250,534946,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,okaythenmate,"I highly recommend this game if you are interested in post-apocalyptic survival type games. Once again Ubisoft did an excellent job on a fun, immersive but at the same time difficult game. This game works with both ""keyboard + mouse"" and ""gamepad"" but I recommend using the ""keyboard + mouse"" as the ""gamepad"" doesn't feel natural  and overall more difficult to control. The one negative thing that I could say about this game is that it is slightly overprice Overall, ""I Am Alive"" is a fantastic game with great replay value and excellent story, if you have the money, I would recommend you grabbing this game and giving it a go."
76561198011044257,Recommended,214250,9313330,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,ハートブレーク! お嬢様,실제 재해에서 살아남고 싶은가? 그렇다면 이게임을 해라 그 말뿐이다.다만 현재시대의 그래픽은 현저히 떨어지는 게임이다. 솔직히 말하자면 시대를 잘못타고 나온 불후의 명작이라 생각한다
,Recommended,214250,9298768,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Ganso,"This a good short game with some unique gameplay elements. The combat system is very realistic, every decision impacts how longer you can survive so you need to make the best of all combat encounters. Resources are scarce in the beginning of the game, but you will be able to find plenty later if you save as much as you can. For the most part, your worst enemy will be your stamina, when climbing buldings you have to watch it carefully so you do not deplete it, thus reducing your stamina capacity. For some parts, you will need some resource items to restore your stamina when climbing up, else you will not be able to proceed. The story is very simple and can be ignored for the most part. The controls are not so responsive, but they usually work alright."
76561198062632709,Recommended,214250,6272815,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,kalcijs,Very good and original game! Definitely underrated! Has replay value! The only big minus is the save point systemYou should experience this atmospheric game!8/10
76561197970447366,Recommended,214250,411575,"Posted: 12 September, 2012",all,RedfoxIII,"The greyest game I have ever had. Also film grain filters and lack of a focus knob.Honestly it's a fantastically surreal and well realized game about humans at the far end of an apocalyptic disaster, without the artificiality of Fallout.Warning: lack of save checkpoints and a limited ""retry""  system can be VERY frustrating. This is a game you'll play in chunks."
76561197974956982,Recommended,214250,12929515,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Johnnyrotten665,"Well, that was fun, if a bit short and cliffhanger-y...Well worth a go, but I'd wait for the sales if I were you."
76561197970447700,Recommended,214250,13134049,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,oneclipleft,"Although I'm not far into it, I'm prepared to say that this game is probably the best survival game I've ever played. The climbing/combat mechanics are totally unique, even if things don't work as planned all the time. I really enjoy the climbing sections, as they require a bit of strategy and energy management, so the solutions are not always obvious (but they're usually fair). The combat is great, too. Being required to intimidate and prioritize enemies adds some much needed nuance in the shooter genre. The story, from what I can tell, is well told which just adds to the whole experience. It's like Mirror's Edge, but slower and more deliberate. Check it out!"
,Recommended,214250,12973687,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,BeardedDork,"This is a game where I wish recommendation was more granular than yes or no. It's a fun game I'm enjoying it. Howeverthe checkpoint save system is particularly abysmal. If you have a lot more time to deal with this game than I do then give it a shot, but it's not enough fun to play the same sections over and over again."
,Recommended,214250,12265712,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dominating David,I played this game from start to finish on the regular difficulty. I found this game at times confusing and hard to navigate without online help. I did overall enjoy the game and will recommend it.
,Recommended,214250,14045811,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Purana SSJ Blue,"Note: I only review when I finish the game.The game itself is very cool, original. The idea of imposing limits as fatigue and limited ammunition make it a different game, most focused on the survival side. It seems the game is a console port without many adaptations, because there are times the camera doesn't respond well to the mouse, but I've seen worse ports. I guess it is better to be player with gamepad. The end unfortunately is poor, looks like the game was finished in the half, but who knows it comes a sequel. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,18246757,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Adam csgobig.com BETS.GG,"It's buggy! Extremely annoying graphical buggs all the time!Keep it up, UbiSoft!"
,Recommended,214250,18439414,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,rcgamer29,"I think this game is much better than the reviews it has recieved.  I played it on the ps3 a lot.   I think the biggest complaint is the non-open world.  It's true it's not  but there's a lot of games that aren't.  Taken for what it is though it's a pretty good game.  It's kind of got an uncharted type feel to it in parts ( the climbing and such).  You have to really conserve your ammo.  I have seen some people say that they have to kill everyone but that's not true.  Sometimes you can just hold your gun on them until you find an escape.  The graphics are pretty good but the colors are very grey,  I guess to add to the post apacolyptic feel.   Overall I thought it was a pretty decent game."
76561197976528105,Recommended,214250,18423036,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,"Starts off really weak, the first impression is awful but then turns into a mediocre game. Has some stunning visuals and some really tense moments. Give it a chance, it's not that bad. 6.9/10"
76561198017868697,Recommended,214250,3126071,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,Baka Master,"Nice little survival game, too bad it ends when you get pumped up!!!"
76561198068805955,Recommended,214250,6550495,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,King Cobra,"A decent game that requires a lot of climbing. Combat is not the main focus here as melee combat is quite dangerous and ammo for guns are very very rare. Like ""1 bullet from a dead villain"" rare. From the same creators of Assassin's Creed, you're placed in a post apocalyptic world where you have to navigate your way through climbing, jumping and avoiding dangers."
,Recommended,214250,5636451,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Hero's Rampage,cool concept but eh boring
76561197965396869,Recommended,214250,212441,"Posted: 7 September, 2012",all,Macdallan,"Wow - I Am Disappointed.  Could be a fantastic game but the controls are . . . stupid.  Button mash to run faster, button mash for ""extreme effort"" while climbing, button mash to pry open locked gates.  Poor console port and no excuse for that these days.The game does have a great atmosphere and setting but with so-so graphics, poor gameplay and button mashing coupled with what should be great survival gameplay, sadly dumbed down to pick up the glowy objects and ignore everything else, this could have been a great game.SO much climbing - and it's slow and boring.  I sort of like the climbing stamina drain because, really, your arms would eventually get tired.  Then again climbing for such a short time causing exhaustion when you play a fit person who obviously knows how to climb is a bit silly.Ah, but it has a post apocalyptic feel so I had to buy it because I love the genre.  Sadly only a short time with this game is making me so frustrated I almost wish I hadn't spent 15 bucks."
,Recommended,214250,14759910,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Jakob Kierkegaard,"This is one of those games I enjoyed playing but I equally enjoy having completed it.The post-apocalyptic environment is well built and you really get into the mood of the game. It's a depressing and gritty game and the designers have been spot on with creating the setting.You spend a lot of time running around and climbing. The climbing mechanics works quite well; you climb in a manner similar to that of AC, but with the added feature that you have limited stamina that decreases while climbing. This means that you only have a limited time climbing before you have to find a secure spot to recover stamina if you don't want to risk dying mid-climb. It's a feature that I actually ended up loving as it added a (slightly) realistic pressure on an otherwise very generic climbing functionality.The game is probably the closest you'll get to Last of Us on PC.The graphics on the technical side is mediocre at best. It's clearly a console port and had a bit of extra work been put into the title the graphics could have been so much better.The camera angles - my god. You are not able to zoom out when moving around and you're stuck to the neck all the time and I didn't feel any potential overview being lost. With that said; when climbing large buildings the camera zooms out (some times) to give you a better over of the surrounding routes.The mouse controls are... wonky. Weird sensitivity and it feels sluggish.The groups of enemies you meet are often same combinations as previous encounters, meaning that encounters, though challenging due to very limited resources, become routine.Very linear.Despite the concept of the game was/is great and I loved it, the technical issues and repetitions made it at the same time feel a bit... off. Had you asked me during a gaming session whether I would recommend it or not I'd probably say no. Looking back at it now I'd say yes. In the end it all depends on how accepting you are of the technical limitations of the game."
,Recommended,214250,1438068,"Posted: 10 September, 2012",all,-§L- Knighteye,"I would recommend easy mode your first time. Other than that, this game is pretty solid. It takes about 5 hours to complete. Very interesting story."
,Recommended,214250,14039358,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Rowlaz,Kinda short but I really enjoyed the game! Wished they could make another one!
,Recommended,214250,14306607,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Alpha Wolf™,"Excellent game. Highly recommend. However, I just wished it was longer."
76561198024186604,Recommended,214250,14218617,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,savedbygraceofp,"There is enough freedom in this to be considered a game but still remains as restrictive as an interactive story. The devs have created a beautiful little portion of the city with only one path to progress the story. Sure, there are enough forks in the road to cause you to think you have some freedom of choice but it ultimately leads to the same destination. So long as you keep in mind that you are playing through an interactive story, this game will be satisfying from start to finish."
,Recommended,214250,9224795,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Far Cry-fag,"This kinda reminds me of a more gritty, realistic Assasin's Creed.Although i haven't played it a WHOLE lot, I am enjoying it all the same.It plays on the thought tht not many bullets are around, so it requires you to think about and plan each situation as good as you  can. The only major problem, is the combat is incredibly clunky if you just run into it. That's why you need to plan everything out.And the situations when you stand off against three guys and you have one round in the chamber are tense as hell. At one point I'm pretty sure i actually yelled ""Okay, now get back!"" at one point. Quite an immersive experience.It's got a system where you can help stranger in return for supplies (usually a respawn) and it is often not worth it, but it actually feels good to help sometimes.If you like Assasin's creed, The Last of Us, or just a fun post-apocalyptic setting, you'd probably enjoy this game. 7/10"
,Recommended,214250,15004713,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,NitzanHavoc,"Reviews said this game was what Survival fans have been waiting for, what the Post-Apocalyptic genre has been lacking. Well, I'm not really a Survival fan, especially when it comes to Survival Horror, but after all the latest Zombies games like Rage and Dead Island - I Am Alive is original, innovative and artistic.Instead of killing Zombies with a somehow everlasting arsenal of weapons, from blades and clubs to grenade launchers and Molotov cocktails, this time the scenario is far more realistic. An event has occurred, a global catastrophe. The protagonist, after travelling for a full year, returns to his home to try and find his wife and daughter. His enemy? The dust in the air depleting his stamina and health, the physical obstacles (holes, collapsed structures, improvised barriers and barricades, and worst of all - most of the other survivors, stereotypically selfish, evil and deadly).If you rush into combat in this game, you'll die. There's no ""attack"" option, only certain actions requiring careful planning, strategy and patience. A lot of the game is spent trying to figure out how to reach your next destination, by climbing ruins and jumping gaps. My favourite bit about the game is the attention to role-play details. Being able to threaten unarmed opponents to surrender, helping victims in need by sharing supplies for information, and how certain survivors just want to be left alone but won't attack - all create a fantastic mood and suspense of disbelief all the more easy for us deep role-play fans.The graphics are smart, by that I mean that the use of dust in the air made it possible to have low quality details as far as the enviornment goes, but high realistic details when it comes to characters and the near surroundings. The music is also great! The actual game-play is not my cup of tea, but I've very glad to have played this game. The story, the mood, the characters, the world - all make for an extremely fun gaming experience. Survival fans? This is most definitely a must game for you lot. Not survival fans? You would still enjoy this, but I would wait a year or two so as to pay a cheaper price."
,Recommended,214250,15082943,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,DMentMan,"Cool game, a while since i played it, but i belive it was okay."
76561197969723266,Recommended,214250,366170,"Posted: 14 September, 2012",all,Hoot,"The style of game play needs more depth, cant search cars or fallen enemy bodies gameplay is really scripted (go here and do this, cant go anywhere else or do anything else)good story line graphics in some parts could be better. worth the buy if you want to kill some time or if this game comes with something else."
76561198090362910,Recommended,214250,15062935,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,korm,"PR means something. Everybody knows the last of us, but this one better."
,Recommended,214250,2033391,"Posted: 21 November, 2012",all,Spiritvs,One of the best games I played this year.
,Recommended,214250,2892200,"Posted: 17 November, 2012",all,GrecDeFreckle,"I'm not sure why so many people I've spoken to about this game don't want to get it, sure, the storyline is cliche - But apart from that niggle it's a great play. Try survivor, it's challenging!"
76561198080249671,Recommended,214250,15053389,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,StonehandsCole,meh
76561198063489194,Recommended,214250,15031420,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,Tigresuave11,"For all of it's flaws, it does pull you in and make you feel like you're really a normal person trying to survive in a inhospitable landscape surrounded (I use the term losely) by people who are trying to do the same. The washed out landscape with obstructed view makes you feel alone and the limited supplies really make you helpless. I also think it was the first time I felt really guilty about killing someone. The first guy you kill in the game wasn't necessarily an evil guy, just a guy who was scared and at the end of his rope. Everything just happens so fast (for me at least) and at the end, I thought, did I just kill a guy? Maybe its cause there is no tangible reward, but I didn't feel good about it. Even when I had to take out the guys who are after the little girl (who really deserved it) didn't make me feel like I did something great, just that I did what had to be done. I really started to care about what happened to that little girl and worried that if I was gone for too long, something would happen to her. The way the game makes you feel like that without openly shaming you or giving you some kind of morality meter made it feel real. It you want that kind of feeling, and aren't easily frustrated (because the game does not hold your hand at all and managing resources/failing to plan ahead is punishing), give it a try."
,Recommended,214250,5343485,"Posted: 6 September, 2012",all,Adam14x,Pretty fun and cheap game.
76561198019116641,Not Recommended,214250,3222569,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Franklin,Don't buy.........
76561198045911132,Recommended,214250,19555351,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,DKUnit,"Nice gameplay ideas, sad ending, little to short, atmospheric, bought it for 2.49€ could be a good movie done right."
76561197979300504,Not Recommended,214250,8032573,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,benmat81,"It's crap, because everyone says so.I happened to like it. It a shame it will never get a sequel"
,Recommended,214250,19180153,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,{NIGS} Cannoneer,The game was really fun but it in incredibly short. you could play through the entire story in maybe 3 hours. i completed in 3 hours and 40 minutes on the absolute hardest difficulty and im not the best gamer either.
,Not Recommended,214250,9282029,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,xXGrampsXx420,"I am alive?  More like ""I am ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"" for purchasing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198035068535,Recommended,214250,7363308,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Pidi,"it looks like the areas in The Last of Us - but it´s some years older than it.""I am alive"" is a frustrating game because you WILL often die in the game.If enemies want to kill you, you only have a chance to survive if you collect and use wisely ammo for your first weapon - to use your weapon when it´s really necessary. It´s really necessary if three or four enemies attack you - then you have to be really quick. But i want to say again that it´s nearly impossible to defeat three or more enemies in one try. That´s the ""core-thing"" in this game - to be alive and kill nearly everyone who you see (but there are not so many people in the apocalyptic areas).I hated to repeat the positions in the game where i tried to survive and was killed again and again.That´s the reason why i was going to hate the game nearly - but the awsome story motivates me to play the game further and love it.(only play the game with the xbox 360 game controller for windows - otherwise it will be impossible to play it clean)The exiting ""jump-and-survive-missions"" at broken towers, bridges and railings make this game feel like you are a mountaineer (like Altair or Ezio from Assassins Creed), who risk his life to see his wife and little daughter. This game is one of the best apocalyptic and withal saddest games ever - made by ubisoft ! For me it´s one of the best games ever. It´s not too short and not too long ! Buy it if you like games with a good story ;-)"
76561198048475733,Recommended,214250,5358643,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,A Jedi Knight,"A fun, short, and emotionally touching game about a man trying to reclaim everything he has lost in a post apocalyptic world. If you're looking for an adrenaline rush keep walking because even the combat in this game feels like a puzzle sometimes."
,Not Recommended,214250,19316629,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Jay,"Controls are virtually unresponsive (a delay of 4-5 seconds, sometimes more) and the camera jumps around /alot/.  (I'm talkin' 90 degree rotations when I want to turn just slightly.) Pretty game breaking when my character walks into the side of a car and I can't get him to turn around at all. (I've had to restart the game many time because of this.)  I've played around with the mouse sensetivity and other settings to no avail so I'm forced to believe this is lag. I've tried every trick in the book at this point and many reviews I find say there is no fix.If anyone has any suggestions lemme know. This looks like it could be great if I can get more than 3 minutes in without having to restart.Specs if anyone is wondering, not sure what all to put here tho.OS: Windows 7 Home PremuimProcessor: Intel(R) Core(TM) i3-2350M CPU @ 2.30GHzGraphics Card: AMD Radeon HD 7450MI know I don't have the best system, but I can play games like Skyrim and FalloutNV on high quality and they run super smooth."
,Recommended,214250,21221708,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,BALLIN' OFF GOVERNMENT CHECKS,"Good game. Good story. Gameplay is linear and combat is predictable, but not in a bad way."
76561198000147308,Recommended,214250,20864769,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Raashk,"So I recommend this game with extreme caveats. If you want to see a really good IDEA for a game, this is a decent pick-up. I think this is a good look for game developers looking to see how scavenging mechanics can be implemented fairly well. Ammo is scarce, climbing is dangerous and your supply of safety equipment is extremely limited, and still this game gives you a way to complete challenges. The atmosphere is very well done and the world is quite immersive (if you can excuse some of the control issues).THAT BEING SAID:  (SPOILERS)This game is unfinished and will never be finished. There is no real story arc other than some amorphous bull about finding someone missing that will never come to fruition for the player.  Controls, as mentioned are frustrating to learn, and even once mastered, can easily be screwed up by happenstance (like, trying to jump somewhere but instead leaping to your death).If you don't go into this game expecting a full, round, complete experience, you'll be better off for it, BUT this game will give you an interesting experience that I haven't really gotten from many other games."
,Not Recommended,214250,21139051,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Blue Rabbit,it is so bad!
76561198052662745,Not Recommended,214250,21901350,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,XPAIN,Give us a f**ing patch so we can runit on windows 8
76561198001727125,Recommended,214250,21928165,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Oska,"One of my favorite games. I always think about it with a positive feeling, I don't know exactly why.I really liked the climbing ""events"" (that your stamina is always decreasing), and you have to think and act quite fast.I also liked the fighting system, that you have to always think about the ""consequencies"", and you have to plan your attack. Of course my favorite part was, when I entered his old house...Pros:+ Climing system+ Fighting system+ Atmosphere+ Story (perhaps it could be negative too, because we don't know much background information, but it is a plus for me, becasue it was enough for me to enjoy the game and the situation)+ Side quests (gathering)+ GraphicsCon:- Short (Sadly it is)- The endingFor me it is a 8/10 game."
,Recommended,214250,2151029,"Posted: 21 December, 2012",all,TankSlayer,"I'm alive... And I got the silver! And I wonder, what will you follow? When your head, is not in order! And I'm stomping your little..."
,Recommended,214250,1345995,"Posted: 28 September, 2012",all,twitch.tv/thegamedudes,for 15 dollars I cant complain. I did beat the game in under 5 hours though on easy. Its mildly liniar for being a freerunner game. It does a lot of things right and a few things wrong.  A more seriously taken sequal would be huge.
76561197993881878,Recommended,214250,22024032,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Balitri,"The PC game that almost wasn't.  Many reviewers give this game a bad rap.  Many of the systems need polished, but the core of this game if outstanding.  I compare this game to The Walking Dead; Less choose your own adventure, but more room to get out and play.When other games give it all away, or make it an impossible win, I am Alive forces you to plan ahead, manage your resources and keep your goal in your sights.  This game deserves better, and I would love to see a sequel."
,Recommended,214250,21084699,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,TGMayhem,"This game might of been critisied so much.But the truth is, it is actually a good game (ish) the story is enjoyable, graphics are ok.  But would of liked to off seen better graphics and if they put more time into the game they could of made it like The Last of us! :'(One day..."
,Recommended,214250,408491,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Doctor Mobius,"Depressingly realistic climbing game, surviving in the ruins of the world after some cataclysm has destroyed civilisation.  Interactions with combatants is not like anything I've seen before."
,Recommended,214250,20781080,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,MarKo BlanCo,Great game! Beat on the Xbox 360 years ago.
,Recommended,214250,1663171,"Posted: 4 January, 2013",all,FalloutBoy,"When I first saw this game I though it looked from its black and white front screen like a crappy B-Grade indie title someone had put out just to make some money - boy was I wrong, the gameplay is somewhat Tomb Raideresque and quite enjoyable onece you get into it."
,Recommended,214250,1638356,"Posted: 10 March, 2013",all,bubsylopez®,"O que dizer deste jogo, eu esperava mais, quando vi o trailer de apresentação achei que o jogo seria fantastico, senti muita raiva quando foi anunciado o cancelamento para PC. Agora zerei e vi que não iria perder nada, o jogo não é ruim mas passa longe de ser um jogo bom, é muito monotono e dificil quando aparece inimigos. Eu recomendo para testar se tiver barato, fora isso esse é um tipo de  jogo que pode ser dispensado."
,Recommended,214250,5133945,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,towheadedbutter,is good
76561198031199894,Recommended,214250,22189654,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Vini,"I liked the atmosphere of this game, a post apocalyptic story, which you hear the stories of the survivors you meet throughout the game.It's a shame the way the games finishes. It should have more content!This game is recommendable, but buy it only on sale."
76561198037008377,Recommended,214250,22195686,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Vahe,"Short, but fun.  Play it with a controller.  Dont expect hordes of zombies, lots of guns, or ample supplies of anything.  But if you are frugal, patient, and play smart (this is not a run-n-gun game - kinda like Dead Space), you will be rewarded with a great experience.  The ending is a bit abrupt and may be unrewarding to some, but it didnt bother me.  A post-apocalytic game with no zombies or mutants = refreshingly minimalistic, and unique.  If you want pulse-pounding arcade action, this one isnt for you.  If you want a game that requires you to think before you shoot, and look before you leap, then go for it - especially if its on sale."
76561198148180418,Recommended,214250,20127000,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,FragHero,Ok game dont need good pc fir it but not worth the money
,Recommended,214250,20167986,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Mersault Quilava,"It's an incredible idea, which in itself makes this game hugely interesting to play. That said, its execution is similar to what you'd expect a company to release if the project, as a whole, was always second priority to something else.Listen, if you liked any of the trailers, buy it. It's fantastic and needs to be experienced!Music, tone, tension and emotions are all delicately played with, and the climbing and exploration is top notch. It's just lacking a certain something that'll ever make you play it more than once."
,Recommended,214250,1696908,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Cortaeali,"Oh god, when I looked this up the first time it was a PS3 exclusive if I remember and was one of the few games I really wanted when I was going to buy a PS3, but now it's on PC so guys, it's 5 bucks right now, and I REALLY suggest you buy it, this game is survival post apocalypse to the extreme. No buildingshelters and stuff out of tents like DayZ, but still, A fun game."
76561198067740825,Recommended,214250,6506700,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,husky,"I think its a very interesting game,Lots of things to do and shady people to run into on your journey, its kinda like going to Downtown Chicago lol anyway.....An event happens that changes our everyday world or Earthquake, You must navigate in this new world in order to find your Daughter and wife who are looking for you as well!.......The settings are really realistic the way they were set-up, makes you feel like you are in the game! Get ready to Climb your♥♥♥♥♥off if you like that sorta thing, Overall I would rate this game as a (9) very fun !Note- I noticed it plays much better on Nvidia hardware so keep that in mind.Thanks for reading.NZ"
76561198030665293,Not Recommended,214250,20342365,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Scuzzlebutt,"I thought I would enjoy this game despite the critics... I was wrong. It's not awful, but it's clunky and uninspired. You will soon enough realize you are far from the only one who is alive (I certainly didn't feel like a ''lone survivor'' for long... maybe 5 minutes of gameplay?), and the reason for the death of the majority of the population is never explained in any satisfying way. Though the game itself is only moderately challenging, the clunky controls and camera and awful combat make it fairly annoying to play. There is survival aspects at play here, and some work fairly well, but some game mechanics feel unnecessary or cliché. Last but not least, I Am Alive is very linear, which is very much a missed opportunity in this type of game. When you do try to explore, you are often reminded that ''you're going the wrong way'' or something along those lines.As I said above it's not an awful game, but there are so many much, much better games to play that I wouldn't recommend I Am Alive except if you are a complete fan of the genre and you've played every other game already, and it is on sale."
76561197985720882,Not Recommended,214250,20288454,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Xtr3m3,Nice ambient - good story - bad console port - stuttering all 2sec. - laggame - dont buy
76561197961152075,Recommended,214250,8719199,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,bios,"Great game if you like this style.  A little frustrating at times, but worth it.  Nothing more satisfying than shooting someone in the neck with an arrow."
,Recommended,214250,5482267,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,Staatsfeind126,"Das positive zuerst : Es hat eine tolle Endzeit grafic in der alles Schwarz-weiß ist. Es ist ein Endzeit-survival game also ist es reallistisch und man hat wenig munition und wenig leben. Das negative : Die Steuerung ist etwas hackelig und gewöhnungsbedürfdig aber sonst ist sie in ordnung. Ab und zu kommen dir einfach zu viele gegner angerannt ( so ende Spiel), dann kann es schon mal frustrierend werden wenn etwas nicht funktioniert. Die Charakteren sind etwas leblos und das Ende des Spieles ist auch nicht ganz zufriedenstellend. Fazit : Das Game hat höchen und tiefen wobei tiefen warscheinlich mehr vorhanden sind. Dennoch kann I Am Alive auch seine schönen und guten Momente im Spiel haben. Ich gebe dem Spiel         5.5/10 Punkten."
76561198027582623,Recommended,214250,3803221,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Wine,"Noticed it was on a Flash Sale so thought I'd give anyone planning on buying this game a heads up and say I wouldn't waste my money on it.It's a very short game, almost feels like a demo tbh. Lacks a lot of content."
,Not Recommended,214250,21476418,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,mrrr cat,"oh god, rip out my eyes please. terrible movement, very linear, annoying difficulty level, and...i can't just swing my machete, even at air."
,Recommended,214250,21479561,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,ShXIII,Pretty good. The only complaint I have was the mouse lag issue (no fix available that I could find) but aside from that it was a decent inexpensive short game.
76561197988129966,Recommended,214250,21765796,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Bosco,Here is a quick look into the basic mechanics of the game. Hope this helps.https://youtu.be/oz3O-tjUuNk
76561198005408205,Recommended,214250,21409647,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Tzuribo,"I enjoyed the tense atmosphere throughout the entire game. The dialoges are honest and there is not too much nor to little talk going on between the charakters. There is lots of stuff to explore in a price-of-persia/Assassins-creed-like fashion that requires some thinking and planing ahead in order to acomplish. The small riddles are well hiden as well and deliver a pleasent feeling of satisfaction after you complet them.Without revealing too much of the story to you, all I want to point out is that after finishing the game for the first time, I felt like there is still too much to do to let it end there. :)The worst drawback of the game is the bad camera handling. Quite frequently the camera wouldn't turn according to the mouse's movement like hitten a wall with it. I really wonder why that failure still exists at this time though...If you get the chance to get this game at a cheaper price, I honestly recommend you to give it a try it's a hidden ""Double chocolate cookie"" ^^"
,Not Recommended,214250,20053590,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Harkenstein,"Linear tuberunner. You walk, run and climb through linear routes with little to none alternatives, occasionally you shoot or stab someone. Voice acting is ok, visual style is also good. Too bad otherwise there's no immersion, game world seems and sounds too artificial. I couldn't find anything interesting there, I installed and uninstalled it twice and tried. Can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,214250,19986040,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Phantox the Pro Nader,"No stealth, no way to run from enemies, no alternate paths. I had hoped for a better game before I bought it but I'm very dissapointed."
76561198030357986,Not Recommended,214250,19945478,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,mommajean,I like the graphics but the controls are not matched well with the game.I am disappointed in the game overall because it did not match my expectation after viewing the video in the store.I would probably not play this game again. Waste of money. sorry just looked promising but proved not to stand up to the quality of a game.
,Recommended,214250,14157810,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jomil,"Interesting gameplay, And game mechanics, it was really hard to take breaks from playing this but i managed to stretch it out over 3 days, did as many of the sidequests as i could find and a good deal of exploring, The story line and the ending were a huge Dissapointment tho"
,Recommended,214250,13975171,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Val,"Good game, solid. Really enojoyed it. Definitely would recommend to buy, especially, if it's on sale."
,Recommended,214250,14360774,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,TheBalmyScholar,"Before buying this game, I read the reviews like any normal person would. I found alot of people saying they hated the game. I did find quite a few positive reviews though and so I decided to go for it anyways. ( I think I only paid a few bucks for it during some sale )+ What I like:-Climbing/Stamina SystemI love the climbing aspects of this game. I have to sit and carefully plan out my ascent or descent based on how much stamina I have at my disposal. Instead of blindly climbing like in Assasain's Creed, I have to think before I climb. This is the most realistic climbing I have ever seen in a game (in terms of stamina), and I love it so much.-FightingThe fact that you can intimidate the enemy without any bullets and shove them down a hole is an A+ in my book! Seriously though, this game seems to have a similar theme, ""Think before you act"". I have found myself analyzing the enemy and finding who to kill first and how to do it. The intimidation that you can produce with an unloaded gun is spectacular and I find myself using it often.-SceneryThis game really sells the post-apocalyptic setting and between the dastardly ambushes and the unsettling music I find myslef on the edge of my seat.+ What I dislikeHonestly there really is not that much I truely dislike about this game. The limited retry is a bit troubling, but it forces me to take my time and analyze every situation. The fighting system is a little tough to get at first but once you get the hang of it, its not too bad.+ My ThoughtsI do indeed recommend this game. I would probably not have bought it if it had not been on sale, and I don't recommend paying $15 for it. If this game does end up going on sale then I recommend getting it, as you will most likely enjoy it as I have.The trick to this game is to have patience and not rush into things. If you try to play this game like an FPS game, you will not enjoy it. This game is all about conserving the small pile of resources you have while trying to stay alive. It's a refreashing change from the FPS games I usually play.Thanks for reading my review,TheBalmyScholar"
76561198013878212,Recommended,214250,15864039,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,actionarts,"Overall he game deserves some credit, it is fairly fun to play, the visuals are great and the story element is moderately engrossing. It is a short game which actually worked in its favor, I feel if it was longer it would begin to sag in relation to the story and entertainment level. It isn't without its annoyances, for instance the enemy encounters are incredibly frustrating. Every time you face a small group of enemies ( 3-5) and you follow the same strategy. I won't go into detail but I felt as if the enemies were in a FPS game while I was within the limitations of a story/adventure game. (why do they get to swing their weapons freely while mine is always blocked in the same way).  The combat mechanic works well if the enemy encounters were less common but given their considerable influence on the game I feel that they could have been more dynamic. I recommend the game because it is short and therefore  it's shortcomings aren't overwhelmingly frustrating.Simply put,Rating-6/10"
,Not Recommended,214250,744771,"Posted: 21 January, 2013",all,beema,DON'T BUY THIS GAME. EVER.
76561198273539965,Recommended,214250,27681459,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ShadowFax,I Am Alive is a very good game..Its a very dark and diiferent experiance...But the game is not very well optimized..The game stutters every now and then..I was playing it in maxed out graphics ive tried lowering the settings also..Found out its the issue with the game...Buy it on sale...:)
76561198150917079,Recommended,214250,28459378,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Apollo,I think this is one of the more exciting and challenging single player games out there.  Having to force yourself to conserve ammo and stamina to make decisions based on progression is a great concept.  Once I started I could not stop playing and it's just an experience.  The characters that you encounter along the way are weary of travelers that are trying to take their stuff or take them or kill them.  It's a well imagined disaster scenario and I will probably replay it again when I get the chance to!
,Recommended,214250,4202113,"Posted: 30 January, 2013",all,4page,"Rather short, and some context sensitivity issues, but the atmosphere and animation are all really good.  I would really recommend getting this."
76561197962091764,Recommended,214250,110590,"Posted: 25 September, 2012",all,SummonMew,Fun survival game. No horror just survival like Prince of Persia and Metro 2033 combined.
,Recommended,214250,2785827,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,DominatorPro,Surivior styled game in a post-apocalyptic world set by earthquakes... very fun... easily beatable takes 4 - 5 hours max to beat it... very fun highly recommended to pass time
,Not Recommended,214250,8041413,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Dr. Novikov,Too console.
76561198073460225,Recommended,214250,30907963,Posted: 2 April,all,Phil Swift,"I have no Idea why so many people are torn on this game. Clunky gameplay? Sure in a few aspects, but that's no reason to give this game a negative. This game has immersed me in a atmosphere like very few other games have, I like their take on combat, it is psychological and does further to make it feel like a survival of the fittest apocalypse. It was very refreshing to play an apocalyptic video game that wasn't a ♥♥♥♥ing zombie apocalypse. It was a unique setting and situation. My only complaint is that the game was short, the story never truly finishes. It's a shame a sequel for this will not happen. Another complaint is that the main character was a bit bland but his story was very interesting.Overall Rating: 8/10Worth every penny for it's price."
76561198065065640,Recommended,214250,6381733,"Posted: 19 March, 2013",all,Shane,Quelques petits bug mais une ambiance vraiment sympa et un bon scénario. J'aime bien ce style. Vous devriez tester au moins une fois avant de juger.
,Recommended,214250,661515,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Name,Assasin's Creed gameplay in a post-apocalyptic world. A fun challenging game with the only real downside being the length of the it.
76561197994422440,Recommended,214250,1539672,"Posted: 1 January, 2013",all,Guitarmaster1991,Una buena idea que innova en el mercado pero le falta extension :S
76561198009003229,Recommended,214250,2540327,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,biggyzs,"Pure garbage, Stupid would be survival arcade. pffff"
76561197971044350,Recommended,214250,488028,"Posted: 20 October, 2012",all,kNuTz,"Don't know how this game was overlooked, but if your into survival games, this is good"
76561198071169317,Recommended,214250,6639633,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,dani,10/10
