user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,214340,32206330,Posted: 5 June,all,Redriel,Deponia is the perfetc mix of humor and clever puzzles; a modern Monkey Island with a inspired story and cool characters.
,Recommended,214340,19361732,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Black Heart Goddess,"A great point and click game. Good humour, challenging puzzles and nice artwork. Can't go wrong with that. :)"
76561198091474445,Recommended,214340,32649443,Posted: 22 June,all,galstore8642,"This is a fun game to play.  The graphics are excellent and the dialog is amusing and very well thought out.  The puzzle aspect of the game is also good.  As far as difficulty, I would say it's challenging, but not impossible to figure out.  Patience is a virtue in this game.  I have not played puzzle games very much though.  The game mechanics perform well (except for what is said below).  There are a couple of things I wish it had.  Hints would be nice (none that I saw).  The interaction beteeen the mouse and the screen is not very good sometimes.  I have a brand new mouse and computer, so don't believe it's my equipment's fault.  By interaction, I  mean that you have to click on an object three or four times just to to use it.  Once selected, it takes another three or four times to actually use it.  For example, I wanted to take the socks out of my inventory and put them in the boiling water per the video clip I watched, could not do it.  I also wish it had a resolution option for 2560 x 1440.  Other than that, I would recommend this game.  It was well worth the money and I would buy it again.  Kudos to the game developer."
76561197968514473,Recommended,214340,18372142,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Meat-King©®,"""Everything you do will end in chaos.""Deponia is a point & click adventure and the first of a three-part series developed by the company Daedalic Entertainment with emphasis on character and story development.Atmosphere & presentation:+ Original ideas and well-animated comic look create an interesting world.+ Creative puzzle sections with interesting solutions throughout the game.o Solid musical background.o Complex puzzles can be skipped.- The sometimes illogical item combinations can lead to a break in immersion.Characters & story:+ Surprising and refreshing depiction of side characters.+ Witty dialogues and unconventional conversation options.+ Coherent and fluid story telling.+ High quality voice acting.o Characterization of the protagonist can be polarizing at certain points.o Based on the German origin of the game, some of the jokes are lost in translation.- The partially sexist jokes of the protagonist could be considered inappropriate for the younger audience.Summary:The debut of Daedalic Entertainment represents a good start of the trilogy offering a multitude of original ideas, which make Deponia well worth playing.Achievements:Estimated time for 100 % completion: +10 hoursSingleplayer achievements: 19Multiplayer achievements: none"
,Recommended,214340,23257273,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"9/10 - One of the Best Point and Click Adventure Series!I waited so long to play this game and I regret that! It's one of the best point and click adventures I've played in a while; so good that I'm sure I will complete the remaining 3 games in the series. The story is fun and entertaining and the puzzles, objectives, voiced actors and graphics really put this game at the top.The story takes place on the world of Deponia; a futuristic world that has turned into a floating garbage dump. You are tasked with helping Rufus get the girl, save the world and get off that dump Deponia! Never EVER pay $20 for this game! If I didn't know any better I would have said it's worth the price... because it is! However, this game is on sale for 90% off literally 8 months out of the year. You can grab the whole bundle for about $4!Although worth full price for sure! The bundle is on sale for 90% all the time!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Not Recommended,214340,12332553,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,10000% elven apostate garbage,"I really, really want to like this game. I really, really do. The art is pretty, and I usually love point-and-click adventure games with comedic bends, but Deponia just falls flat. Some of the jokes are pretty funny, but Rufus falls on the wrong side of the line between ""charming/witty/loveable jerk"" and just plain ""jerk"" more often than not. It's really difficult for me to enjoy playing a game when the main character grates on me so badly."
76561198043284605,Not Recommended,214340,8746521,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,RosarioLuigi,"The ""point-and-click-adventure"" aspects are done pretty well although some puzzles come down to plain guess work and in a game of this type there should always be some clues - even if you have to dig deep for them.  Overall, that section of the game is more good than bad.The rest of the game is in its dialogue and ""humor.""  This is all just opinion but I found the game and its main character to be crass, vulgar, lewd, rude, offensive, egotistical and just all-around someone I would not want to know.  Since the game relies on its humor as a form of charm - and I must posit that the developers misread the definition of charm - I must give the game a bad review.  Being stuck in the shoes of Rufus for several hours was an unpleasant experience at best.  The Droggeljug mode that you unlock via game completion is just mind-jarringly awful - every line of dialogue is replaced by, ""droggeljug"".I'm a bit of a curmudgeon though so at the same time, if you like this type of game, give it a shot - perhaps you will like the humor more than I."
,Recommended,214340,34324050,Posted: 18 August,all,𝓐𝓵𝓲𝓬𝒆,"A fantastic adventure game, featuring some extremely intelligent riddles that require deep thinking. At the same time, it narrates a beautiful story, one that takes place in a setting very different than those of most games. The story keeps you on the edge of your seat trying to progress to the next chapter every time.Amazing animation, graphics, design of the levels, humor, character voices, unique responses of the character to each thing you do.The main characters humor is constant and around every turn you'll find your self laughing at the simplest things.If you like point and click games and what a challange, this is a game that I can highly recommend."
,Not Recommended,214340,34073611,Posted: 6 August,all,brethegoatwhisperer,"The artstyle, voice acting and everything is fine. The main character is a bit annoying but I could get past that. What I do not like is that the puzzles do not make enough sense. When I feel like I have to google puzzles super early on, and then even when I'm told how to solve I don't see the connection, thats when theres a problem. I play tons of point and click puzzle games, and I have never had as much trouble as I have within the first few hours of playing Deponia. The puzzles are just too far fetched and I just click on random items to see if they work. I need the puzzles to make sense. I gave up after a while because I was tired of googling puzzles and then shaking my head with the stupidity and far-fetched solutions that I would never have come up with. Maybe I'm stupid, but I have never had this much trouble within the first few puzzles of a game. Don't waste your time."
,Recommended,214340,12232439,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,4m0n,"Germany. Elegant cars, cold winter, awesome beer. Ok, I'm definitely relying too much on stereotypes, but from now on we could surely add ""very nice point and click adventure games"" to that list. Interesting enough, german developers released a lot of good adventure games in the last few years, becoming probably the main contributor to this little ""renaissance"" of the point and click genre. And Deponia is one the best examples.Someone described Daedalic as ""the European Lucasarts"" and I'm not entirely sure I can agree to that, but their games are solid. Very good story, challenging puzzles, polished graphics, everything is surely above average, Deponia is definitely a nice game. Characters are crazy enough to make you often laugh, A LOT of location to explore, non linear puzzle solving, and Daedalic recently added new languages, which is always kind. As a first chapter of a trilogy Deponia works just fine, the player is always pushed to play more to see how the plot will evolve. I got stuck two or three times, which is great in my opinion, 'cause it means they focused a lot on the intellectual challenge of the game and not only on the narrative side.Definitely worth a shot, I don't think you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,214340,9833895,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Ruka (〃ω〃),"Highly recommended for those who are achievement ♥♥♥♥♥s. You can get every single one of them through the game, just remind yourself to check the game's guide to make sure how to get some secret ones.If you like point-and-click game, be sure to play Deponia, you won't be disappointed. Since I normally don't get the feeling of 'adventure' from some point-and-click games other than 'boring'; I did get it from Deponia. The art, the voice acting and the animation are fascinated, making the game more enjoyable. I didn't skip the cut scenes even once. The story and the characters are well designed. I enjoyed the story so much that I played them right away after I bought the game, non-stop through the end. The main character is a complete jerk, but also an opposite somehow, and that's why he's the most interesting one. There are also mini games which are fun to solve. And how you can combine items you find through the story is freakin' cool. Of how cool it is, I just can't spoil you unless you play it yourself.Plus, you will be surprised how Deponia, the planet covered in trashes, can create such an environment you'll grow to love."
,Recommended,214340,28103826,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,castalyst,"A well-made point & click game reminiscent of the old-time Monkey Island series. Loads of humour and quirky solutions to get ahead in the story. This would be my only complaint: sometimes the solutions are so outlandish that you either have to stumble upon them accidentally or follow a guide to help you when you are stuck, which to me takes away from the immersion and enjoyment of the game."
,Recommended,214340,25992911,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nixx,"Droggeljug! This game is absolutely fantastic.Deponiais a point-and-click comedy adventure game about a poor guy named Rufus and his desperate attempts of leaving Deponia and its trash heap.PROs✓ Charming graphics✓ Ridiculously endearing characters✓ Funny dialogues✓ Awesome soundtrack and voice acting✓ Entertaining plot✓ Challenging puzzles✓ Extremely fun to playCONs✗ Buggy mines sectionGameplayThe gameplay is simple, you play as Rufus, you explore the areas then pickup and combine things to get yourself out of scenario puzzles. The puzzle difficulties can range from easy to extremely diffcult depending on how logical and creative you think.Characters and PlotI like how Rufus is presented as a whiny idiot with high levels of self-importance and yet comes off likeable. Actually, most of the characters on the game are likeable as they are unique. Denzel, Goal, the secretary guy and even the miners lining up are all weird and funny. Same goes with the story, it's weird and funny. Everything's well thought out and the execution is great.SoundtrackI love the homeless guitarist who sang the intros and the ending theme. The soundtrack and voice acting are just awesome in this. It's amusing and refreshing. Huzzah.OverallDeponia just made it to my all-time favorites list. Can't think of anything negative to say about this game (i'm cringing at how much adjectives im using in this review. ugh). Seriously. Eventhough i listed the buggy section in the cons above, it's not actually an issue since the developers have provided a work around for it. So yep, this is such a great game. I mean, the gameplay is simple, the story isn't mindblowing but the experience is definitely something. This game is unique and hilarious.11/10. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214340,16439726,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,RavenEffect,"Short Review:Deponia is a fun Point-and-Click adventure that excells at everything it aims at. As most of these games are 100% about the story, you certainly wont be disapointed with this one as its one of it's strongest features. Long story-short: It's a must for any fan of the genre and a good choice if you're just looking for something different overall.PROS:Excellent Cartoon-ish, almost Penny Arcade style of Graphics. Every background and character is so rich in colors and every screen was amazingly crafted.Top notch voice acting. They really put time and effort into this one,Great mix of both Dry and Dark humour. There's plenty of scenes that will just make you laugh out loud.Simple interface and overall user-friendly game mechanics. It doesn't punish you if you happen to be completely new to the genre.Difficulty it's just on the spot. What most of these Point-and-click graphic adventures fail at is the crazy amount of times it just leaves the player blocked at a certain puzzle or scene, which just unables him of advancing the story. I found myself completing Deponia without hitting many roadblocks. There's always a tip or two hidden in the description and the game gives you the option of just Skiping the Hard Puzzles and advancing.Even though this is a trilogy, there's still a few good hours worth of game here, which is always good.The Soundtrack is catchy, specially the Bard cutscenes. ""HUZZAH, the chorus guy rule!""CONS:Sometimes the subtitle apeared in German, instead of English. The voice was still in English.On the Mine Cart level, the game oftenly exited to Windows right after the cut-scene. On the other hand, I'd always find an autosave right before it, so at least there's that.Minor crashes, probably got 3 or 4 on total. Again, the autosave really comes in handy here.There were a couple of Items that were totally useless and were probably thrown there to confuse you. This isn't really a con since it's a staple of the genre but Newbies may find this irritating.VERDICT:As you probably know by know I just loved Deponia as I find myself enjoying all this crazy Junk world and the completely obnoxious character of Rufus. I strongly recommend you buy the Complete Journey pack which includes all three games. If you only get the first and you enjoy it as much as I did, chances are, you'll end up buying the other two on singles and that will really cost you."
,Not Recommended,214340,10872832,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Tiamonster,"I should like this game. I’m always on board for ye old point-and-click adventure, and Deponia knows it predecessors.  It forgets, however, that their fan base is now living the year 2014.  You know, where annoying manboy protagonists are not at all endearing.  Manboy Rufus is bad enough without his town of whiners. Every character you speak with has to either insult Rufus or recall some stupid thing he’s done in the past. Everyone.  I put two hours in before I found a kernel of a plot that didn’t involve someone proclaiming Rufus as a failure or the ginger-haired damsel in distress that fell from the sky. Her name is Goal, by the way, and, she’s spent most of my playthrough unconscious. Rufus claims that Goal belongs to him and that he will save her. The only other female character is Rufus’ roommate/ex-girlfriend, who’s your typical, annoying girlfriend that never stops complaining.The puzzles are solid, I’ll give it that.  I found a few head scratchers.  I even laughed a couple of times. But, after a few hours of the game, I couldn’t deal with Rufus and his friends.  The story seemed to be circling the disappearance of Rufus’ father, the former mayor that abandoned him years ago. I wanted more of that and less of Rufus’ attempts to woo the woman in the tight jumpsuit."
,Not Recommended,214340,20479319,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Kalora,"I bought Deponia during a Steam Sale because it looked like a cute game and I haven't played a point-and-click styled game since I was a kid.  Boy, I was in for it when I started playing Deponia.This game is really tricky.  ""Tricky"" meaning that it's difficult to know exactly what to do all the time.  Some tasks are easy to figure out while others are extremely random.  Often, I was stuck wondering how anyone could have figured out what to do without exhausting every possible option beforehand.  However, I liked this aspect of the game because if it was too easy, you would be able to finish it pretty quickly.  If you are an achievement hunter, this game is pretty easy to 100% with some help from gamesaves and/or backtracking.Another thing I liked about this game was the art.  I really liked the different areas and animations of the game.  I enjoyed discovering new areas and going into all the rooms, ect.The story line was alright, I was curious enough to keep playing it but not curious enough to purchase the sequel.  What really killed this game was the characters.  Although Rufus changed a bit towards the end, his personality in the beginning really put me off.  I almost found the game unplayable with his ever constant nagging about literally everything, and the way he talked about and viewed women.  There were likable characters in the game, but Rufus took a dump on all of them and made some pretty mean jokes.  Maybe his character in the sequel improves and this is all just about his ~*~character development~*~, but I wouldn't purchase the sequel at full price after listening to him for one game."
76561197977972477,Recommended,214340,12951772,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Prince Daimao,"Good stuff if you have a lot of free time, and like this type of game. Good music, funny jokes, good artwork."
,Recommended,214340,33486402,Posted: 12 July,all,Raptorz,"Usually I don't play point&click games, but Deponia is awesome!"
,Recommended,214340,7749109,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,brunobrcard,"This is the first game of a trilogy. It tries to mimic the Monkey Island and Guybrush fell, even though it never hits that sweet spot. Interesting game even though sometimes dialogs are a chore. I found this one to be the least likable in the whole trilogy (a good game 7/10) but I think it is worth as the complete trilogy is really nice and fun. Buy it if you plan to play the whole trilogy."
76561198015728617,Recommended,214340,7796170,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Zebra,"A Review of the Deponia Trilogy as a whole:More info on BrokenCartridge:http://www.brokencartridge.net/deponia-trlogy-a-retrospective/Score: 4.5/5I will not be covering the story in complete detail because there is a lot you should experience on your own while playing through the game. The story in a brief few sentences is that you play as Rufus, an egocentric self-centered slob whose only goal is to leave his trash heap of a planet to go to the city in the sky.  The world that he lives on is called Deponia, a planet littered with trash. All of the rich folk moved up into the city in the sky, Elysium some time ago. During one of your endeavors you knock an Elysium girl off of an Organon cruiser. Throughout the first game you try to use her to find your way onto Elysium, only to end up finding out that the Elysians plan on blowing up Deponia! The second and third games are mainly spent trying to stop the Organon from doing this devilish deed while figuring out their motives along the way.The story is a very big part of the game, which is why I only covered the basics. The series itself does not like to stray too far off of what is expected from a point-and-click game. As great as that is, if you are looking for an innovation in the genre, you might not find that here. Here, you will find a wacky and hilarious adventure that is dependent on the silly world and narrative. If you already enjoy point-and-clicks, you are in for an incredible treat. Besides the awesome narrative and dialogue, we have a lot of things that set the Deponia trilogy above the rest. The game universe in general is surreal and charming; nothing really comes close to its style in my opinion. You will be surprised how much a planet covered in trash can mesmerize you with its environments.The trilogy gets better as it goes on. While the first game is great, everything just seems to improve with each one. The story makes unexpected yet oh so juicy turns and twists, increased amounts of detailed environments, an increasing diverse cast, and becomes one of my favorite game soundtracks of all time. The amount of information to tie up the trilogy in the third game alone will leave you with your jaw dropped to the floor. Then include that the second and third both have their own unique mechanics that make them much more puzzling, but so much cooler. One of the best things is seeing Rufus evolve as a character. It is incredibly rewarding to see everything come together.My only sense of bitterness goes towards the ending. Before I go more into it, I am not saying the ending is bad. If anything it is awesome and leaves a lot for you to speculate and imagine. However, in this particular story, it wasn’t what I was hoping for.  There is so much I wanted to see and experience that was sort of thrown up into the air and left for you to speculate. It is not fair to spoil it, so I won’t. It just left me eager to know more, yet knowing the sad information that this is intended to only be a trilogy. Of course the possibility of a fourth game is always possible, but it isn’t intended. With that being said, I am personally dissatisfied with the ending. Not for the ending itself, but for the thing it did not answer. Good thing Daedalic (the developers) have made many more amazing games to sink my teeth into while getting over it.That is all you need to know about Deponia before poking your head in. This is a must own for any people interested in adventure games. Daedlic is truly becoming today’s Lucas Arts, and now is a better time than ever to find out why by trying out this trilogy."
76561197969749884,Recommended,214340,34416736,Posted: 22 August,all,Sarkoth,Deponia is the first of 4 beautiful Daedalic in-house adventure titles. Daedalic basically has singlehandedly and successfully revived the entire adventure genre and Deponia is one of the titles / series they achieved it with.There's nothing much more to say than that this is probably one of the wittiest and most beautifully hand drawn adventures out there with a completely unique universe and adorably whacky characters.Brilliant title. Simply brilliant.
,Recommended,214340,13713511,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,"Boots, the Prophet",This entertaining point and click adventure presents some difficult puzzles that require some elaborate thinking and therefore completing them releases a sense of satisfaction into ones mind. It takes place in a rather interesting universe that is somewhat different than the normal catch in most games nowadays. It also presents a beautiful story and a set of characters that I felt - somewhat - attached to. Huzzah-huzzah onwards to the sequel we march!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=358451844
76561198112486038,Recommended,214340,14315197,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,The Infamous El Guapo,"I enjoyed this very unusual love story in a game.  I got this game using a discount coupon.  I was hesistant at first in purchasing the game but then I decided to buy for myself.  I never tried a point and click game before, so this was my first and hoped for the best.  Thank God I did, coz I enjoyed playing the game.  The humor, character voices, unique setting, puzzle games galore and the story telling won me over.  This game made me want to buy more games with this type of gameplay (pont and click).  I can't wait to play the next chapter of this comedy of errors love story between a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag (Rufus the Dufus) and a girl with brain implants.  Try this game you will enjoy it."
76561198073600298,Not Recommended,214340,18377150,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Legacy,"A cartoon looking point and click adventure game that allows you to take control of Rufus, a dimwit jerk who uses everyone around him without care.The story starts off slow and begins to pick up a little bit as you reach the middle of the game, but I still found it lacking even 5 hours in. You play as Rufus, a selfish and slightly empty minded tinkerer who wishes only to leave the junkyard he calls home. Well, the planet he lives on is a junkyard.Did you know if you double click a location you don't have to walk to it? I didn't, you should probably do the tutorial.I found the characters hard to like and the protagonist even harder to enjoy. He acts like a childish pig and makes for really cringe dialogue when talking to his ex girlfriend. I also found that there was too much highlight on the protagonist, making you fall out of the story every time he opens his mouth.The puzzles follow little logic, often being very hard to follow and require the use of a walkthrough if you don't want to go insane. I've found many other reviews complain about this problem too, and it really put me off.I found trying to finish this game was a chore.It does have neat steampunk graphics that are fun to look at, and silly humour that will give you a little giggle here and there. The music is also pretty decent for an indie game.Save often, as this game bugs out every so often ending you not being to move or just plain out interact with items.I got it on sale, and I would recommend avoiding the full price as the game is too short (around 8-10 hours for first playthrough) and has little replayability.Personal Rating: 2/5"
,Recommended,214340,31589861,Posted: 6 May,all,Springorchid,"I'm playing Deponia in English and although it's a German game, English seems to be perfect in voice acting, and never fails to make humorous word plays.I first got to know about Daedalic through Edna&Harvey: Harvey's new eyes (Yes I played the spin-off first) and absolutely loved it. So I tried Deponia, as it was in the bundle I bought, and loved it too. I couldn't wait to buy the next episodes as I finished Deponia.I can't say whether the same sound effects and songs from Edna&Harvey is a good thing or not. I think it really depends on the players. Some fans might like the fact that they are indulged in the similar game chain of Daedalic, and some may get a little bit bored. (I was the latter)The character Rufus is definitely not a typical Hero kind. He is a clumsy, dirty, egocentric, self-centered small town boy with high ambitions. I get irritated sometimes that he is too obvious. Nonetheless, I cannot hate him somehow. Plus he is so funny.For a click adventure game, it is not too easy nor too hard. But sometimes I got stuck in some situations which I needed to take time and try different methods.Overall, It is an interesting game that can be accessed easily by anyone."
76561198361495508,Recommended,214340,32786998,Posted: 25 June,all,aboodhrkat,"deponia is the first point and click game that i have ever played in my lifeits an amazing gamei really love the characters,the music,the art and the puzzles10/10"
,Not Recommended,214340,9802849,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mora,"Writing this after beating the game in offline mode.I found the aesthetics and mechanics of the game to be pretty good. The art and animations are nice, the setting is pretty interesting and the voice acting is decent.The puzzles can get on the cryptic side, but I was able to get through all but one of them without looking at a hint. Somebody that is new to, or doesn't really like point-and-click games might have some trouble with them though.Now for the reasons I don't recommend the game.First of all, the protagonist is pretty unlikeable. At first his behavior seems like it's being played up for laughs, or that it's a set up for future character development. Eventually you'll realize that nope, He's just a terrible person, and it's not funny.This is a big problem when often the protagonist is the driving force behind the player getting past puzzles and finishing the game. Maybe this will change in the sequels.Secondly, this game is pretty unpleasant throughout. There is a lot of sexism, mean-spirited jokes and uncomfortable implications throughout the game, all seemingly in an effort to make the player laugh.Some people might think I'm being oversensitive about this, but I'm absolutely not. It is there and it is blatant. The fact that none of these jokes are even clever or funny makes it that much worse.Despite the game being decent art/mechanics wise, I really can't recommend this.tl;dr"
76561198041979697,Recommended,214340,12086994,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,watson387,"This is the funniest game I've played in a long time and also a new favorite. Point and click games were never really my thing but this one doesn't disappoint. Rufus and crew are hilarious, the story is good and the puzzles are challenging without being frustrating. I highly recommend this to fans of point and click and/or comedy. :D"
76561198073570428,Recommended,214340,9837557,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,D3LTA48,"So, I bought this game durring a sale and thought to myself: ""Oh, this will just be a fun little game to pass the time with, I don't need all three."" I WAS WRONG! This game is truly fabulous and has many briliant puzzles to solve. It trains your mind to observe your surroundings to make the most of what you have and to think outside the box. Along with cleverly writen diolouge and an amazing story line, all I can say is: buy this game! It is worth it."
,Not Recommended,214340,16287602,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Rebs,"Honestly I don't know how I feel about this game. The art style is great but the storyline is lacking, and I just can't stand the main character. I can only play for fifteen minutes at a time before I start to feel like I'm going to punch something. His personality is grating and falls short of witty with few positives to compensate.As far as gameplay goes, it's fairly good. If you enjoy point and click games then you'll enjoy this one, I guess. There's an undercurrent of misogyny throughout the game, not too big of an issue but it is bothersome at times. The three girls in the entire game consist of an unconcious love interest who's name is Goal (yes, really), a drag queen used for purely comedic effect, and the ex girlfriend, a '♥♥♥♥♥' and several other lovely names who appears nude for no actual reason.The puzzles aren't too difficult, and while some can be too easy they give you something to do other than wait for your character to walk across screen at the same, slow, unchangeable pace playing fetch.I bought this game when it was on sale for maybe a dollar or so, and I think it's about worth that. Maximum, $5.Seriously beautiful artwork though. Well done on that front.If you'd like to read more reviews from me, join my steam group!"
,Recommended,214340,30974565,Posted: 6 April,all,Informal Informant,"NOTE: This is the same review for the other two games in the original Deponia trillogy aswell. I thought that as they are a continuation of the same story that they should stay together.What the game isTheDepnoniatrillogy is a classic point and click game on a wold filled with garbage. In the trillogy, you assist the, at first forgettable/dislikeable, protagonist Rufus try to reach the floating paradise of Elysium. Over time, the originally forgettable Rufus uses his witty dialog to slowly get you on his side rooting for him on his quest.Pros+Amazing storyThe story, although only really played out during cut scenes to new areas, is deep in detail. It pulls you in, really pulling you into the world.+FunnyNot many games have blaitently funny dialog, but these games definatly do. Rufus has funny responses to other characters, his own acvtions, and stuff you try to have him do.+CharactersAll the characters seem fleshed out quite well. Each has a uniques personallity, displayes different emotions, and just act different. The variety is also pretty good.+EnviromentsMost enviroments are well detailed with other people and objects to bring the scene alive. In some cases, youll get people who are from other games showing up in the envirments aswell.+MusicThe music worked well with each area you would be exploring. Although mostly being simmilar themed, it all was different and interesting.Cons-Animations/MovementThe walking animation on Rufus, for me was a bit weird. He didnt really face where he was going and took odd paths to where he needed to go.-DurationSome areas seemed too short, while others were too long. It was an odd thing and may have just been the way I solved the puzzles in each area, but it struck me as odd how I could clear one area in ~30 min and another in 2+ hours.Final OpinionTheDeponiatrillogy is an amazing set of games that brought back tthe nastolga of point and the point and click style. The quirky dialog was fun to hear and laugh at resonces. The story makes the narcissistic Rufus someone whos actions have you rootingor cyingfor the duration of his adventure. If you have some time free I can highly reccomend all the games in theDeponiatrillogy andDeponia Doomsday."
76561198279804033,Not Recommended,214340,22487956,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,ntelope,"I'm a big fan of point-and-click games, but this one fell short for me. The puzzles and adventures were discouragingly random-- for instance you finally find clean drinking water but Rufus doesn't want anything to do with *that* water, and you have to find completely new water? It's just complicated for the sake of being complicated, instead of being challengingly fun.The storyline was all right, but the characters were pretty insufferable. I'm all for having a protagonist that we love to hate, but there wasn't really anything truly clever in Rufus' constant snark--it was more ""emo goth kid"" than ""Louis CK."" The dialogues were pointlessly long, and I wish they didn't automatically re-activate the entire exchange when you click on people and things again. Can I just hover over an inventory item to see a description instead of hearing three sentences about it over and over?I wish the ending was a little more fulfilling, since I'm not sure I'll go on to the sequels.Definitely prefered Memoria by the same studios."
,Recommended,214340,16080130,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,-=SAMI=-,"Deponia is a point and click adventure game that is funny, charming and has great animation. The puzzles and minigames are clever and challenging, however they're so challenging in fact that I'm pretty sure it's impossible to finish this game without a walk through. It even has pixel hunting.-> I completed this game in 30 hours..without use any walk through.-> Very challenging game..-> 10/10...Nice game.-> Hardly recommend.-> Buy and play...!"
,Recommended,214340,28107424,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,baracuda csgo-dope.com,Nice point click game with a little humor. Sometimes finding what you have to do is a bit hard but still nice game.
,Not Recommended,214340,19814394,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,BrianBoitano,"Artwork and humour is really good, but some of the puzzles simply don't make sense. I'd suggest Memoria from the same studio..."
,Recommended,214340,10733895,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Space Cowboy,"Awesome point and click adventure!One of my favorite adventures of all time - and I've played Quest for Glory, Kings Quest (and all others ""Quest"") and Monkey's Island A LOT. This game is full of win only by being together on this list with such glorious games from the past.It's good enough to remind me a lot of good games from Sierra and Lucasarts - which I have great respect and a forever earned place on my game shelf as they made my childhood gaming -, while remains original and fresh at the same time.Not by case, Daedalic used to be called ""Lucasarts from Germany"". You do not earn a ""title"" like this by not being awesome, folks.Thegraphicsare astonishing for an adventure that simple.Thestoryis rich and lovely, part of a 3 chapters arc - Deponia, Chaos on Deponia and Goodbye Deponia (buy all the series at once if you can and enjoy the full experience).Thegameplayhas nothing new, LMB, RMB will be your bread and butter. The scroll wheel is your utility knife to open and close the inventory.Thepuzzlesare amazingly made, fun to complete. Some of them will make you think hard.At last, no definetely not the least, thehumour... ah, the humour! The cherry and cream of the top at the same time. You'll be caught so many times laughing so hard. The characters are finely developed, the voiceover fulfils its role (you may want to try it on German aswell, the original language, while using subs). Hard to tell some of those genial jokes without spoiling the details.There are two specific funny as hell scenes that I love: one of them involves cats and the other one a post delivery robot and its predilection for bubble wrap.It's getting harder and harder put the hands on titles like this, focused on a new and captivating story, with a fine sense of humour.This game, trust me, definitelyworths its full price, but if you see this marvelous piece of art with a discount, so, man, what you waiting for?? Grab it! Grab multiple copies and install on all yours PCs, give it to your mom, give it to your GF, ex-GF, ex-wives, spread and sow the seeds of love and awesomeness to all yours friends!"
,Recommended,214340,11527696,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,ღ Distracted ღ,"In a nutshell, a cute point and click adventure game. Sad that the main character was completely self-centered, but in the end, as in most games, he redeemed himself. Enjoyed playing it, but the price was a little steep."
,Recommended,214340,15958489,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Mxichi,"Deponia is a point and click adventure game that is funny, charming and has great animation. The puzzles and minigames are clever and challenging, however they're so challenging in fact that I'm pretty sure it's impossible to finish this game without a walk through. It even has pixel hunting. Thankfully some of the minigames come with a skip button, smart! Deponia is also a surprisingly short game, when I got to act 3 I was like ""Really? That's it?"" That being said, it was made with a trilogy in mind, so it's somewhat understandable.My favorite thing about this game is simply the world the creators have presented to us. I just love the history of this place and it has really left me wanting to know more about Deponia.I'll be playing this again so I can finish getting achievements, so I'll update this if need be."
,Recommended,214340,13309090,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,The Stig,"[May contain spoilers. Read with caution.]I don't think I have words to describe this game.I don't think I am even capable of remotely justifying how much I loved every second of my Deponia playthrough.This is the kind of game I had been needing for a long time. Not because of its genre. Because of its charm. Its passion and attention to detail. Its... OK, you get the point.You play as Rufus, a despicable inhabitant of the massive wasteland that is Deponia, and a damn cool character all around. No matter how many messes he has and is still getting into, you will definitely take his side in every confront of the game - because, well, it's him who you're rooting for since the beginning! This, blended with the game's very lively sense of humour and the intelligent puzzles that come along the way, make for an outstanding experience in Rufus' egotistical point of view.It's difficult not to love Goal. She is adorable even while in her unfortunate damaged status, and becomes even more lovable after waking up and realising what is going on. On a more personal side, perhaps I may have connected her far too much to someone I love - but let's not get that in the way, shall we? At least for now.Overall, this... game? Wait, scratch that. To classify Deponia as a simple ""game"" is to insult this masterpiece of humour, storytelling and cringe-inducing moments.So, if you're not even remotely interested in getting it for you and giving it a go, I'd recommend checking your brain activity and blood pressure. I'm serious.Damn Cletus."
76561198176513125,Not Recommended,214340,16493510,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Bro für die Welt,"I got this game for 99 cents. For that price, I would definitely recommend it. At a much higher price, I wouldn't. But I don't want to base my recommendation on price, and since I wouldn't play the sequels even for free, I'm gonna go with ""not recommended"".If you like humorous 2D point-and-click adventures, Deponia might be for you. It combines a fresh setting with ""industry""-standard storytelling and mechanics. I liked the artwork a lot and the protagonist, Rufus, is quite enjoyable.There are a lot of things I didn't like, however. First off, it aims for the classics, but the writing is not remotely as good (with a some exceptions). A few times the humour is so forced that I couldn't help but feel remote shame, as in ""did they really think anyone would find this funny?""Most of the quests and puzzles are straight-forward. But some of the puzzles are just aggravating. We've all been there, trying anything with everything in the inventory, to no avail. Or clicking different levers to see the desired effect. But some stuff in Deponia is just completely non-sensical and drove me mad. I admit I had to look into a walkthrough a few times, and mentally flipped the finger towards the developers a few times once I'd found out how something was supposed to work.From a technical perspective, there are 2 things I found wildly inappropriate for a 2012 title, especially if it's published at (almost) full price: #1, the animations. You will see a lot of generic ""empty hand movements"" when you do stuff with things. I found this particularly disappointing given how much love went into the artwork otherwise. #2, lots of interactions will just yield the same line over and over again. For instance, when you are trying one specific item in your inventory with every other item, you'll hear the same crappy joke over and over again. Very tiring.Overall, I would say Deponia shows lots of promise, but some aspects are just disappointing and frustrating."
,Recommended,214340,18257403,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Apevian,I SPENT HALF AN HOUR TRYING TO GET THAT TOOTHBRUSH.AND THEN I HAD TO LEAVE IT IN THE SUITCASE.RIP Toothy Brush. </3
76561198034778236,Not Recommended,214340,10517206,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,DrMeow,"Deponia sets new standards for the genre, some bad and some good.Pros: Graphics, Sound, ControlsCons: Gameplay, Characters, PerformanceDeponia's hand-drawn graphics suit the colorful, cluttered setting perfectly and the voice acting is excellent.  The simple controls work well, but perfect controls should be mandatory for any point-and-click game.However, the gameplay is unfortunately rather standard for the genre with goofy puzzles (wasabi pea on mousetrap to catch toothbrush, duh!).  The main protagonist is completely insufferable and there is some lightly disguised sexism (don't agree? let me switch your brainchip).  Lastly, there are performance and gameplay bugs that shouldn't exist in as simple a game as this.Perhaps a no-brainer for point-and-click fans but a cluttered mess for most everyone else.6/10"
,Recommended,214340,10917693,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,TheDamnHunter,"Excellent and pretty easy Point&Click-Adventure. If you like good story telling and humour based on a slapstick AND sophisticated level, then play this trilogy. You'll not regret it."
76561198088557046,Recommended,214340,31223325,Posted: 18 April,all,Gaming Fangirl,"Point and Click games are not really my cup of tea but I actually enjoyed this one.Intriguing story line.Challenging yet fun puzzles.Pretty good voice acting and funny dialog.The 2D Animation is pretty good and all the environments are well detailed.Overall it was a really good game and it was worth the coin I spent on it.The only thing that bothered me was Rufus, the main protagonist. He is a bit of a  self-absorbed jerk.All in all, I give it an 8/10 and look forward to playing the next installments.Droggeljug!"
,Recommended,214340,9701145,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,remember that oglaf comic? haha yeaaaaaah
76561198157142296,Recommended,214340,32258822,Posted: 7 June,all,[Nevermore]イタチ,"one adivse. if you're into poing & click games, buy this with no hesitation"
,Not Recommended,214340,9032574,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,DMGregory,"I picked up Deponia based on the trailer vids, lovely art style, and excellent music. The first chapter was quite enjoyable, with some clever puzzles that got you thinking outside the box.By the third chapter, what had started as a few stereotypical gags was now a blatant streak of misogyny underlying the whole game. As the puzzles descended into opaque trial and error, I was counting on a good story with interesting or at least growing characters to pull me along. Instead the game delivered more woman bashing (as in literally bashing an unconscious woman into things). I had to turn it off.Then I went and read what others were saying about the game, and I'm glad I stopped when I did, because the series keeps getting uglier:http://www.rockpapershotgun.com/2013/11/11/wot-i-think-goodbye-deponia/I regret the hours I sunk into this game, and that by buying the game I gave support to this kind of hateful content. Daedalic are clearly extremely skilled creators, but until their design and writing grow up a bit I won't be buying another of their games."
76561198274774881,Not Recommended,214340,31166306,Posted: 15 April,all,Untypical,"The game play wasn't horrible, the comments were a bit witty, but I just can't get into a game where the main character is not just an idoit, but also a jerk. He is self aborbed, self centered, and doesn't even have the redeeming quality of being intellegent. He is rude for the simple sake of rudeness. On top of that the puzzles are more tedious then puzzling. If you want to play something just to kill time, it will work, but I would still just choose something else."
76561197966087291,Recommended,214340,9012912,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Mr. Zarbon,"Deponia invokes feelings reminiscent of playing those old adventure games from my youth. I played through the game without object highlighting, because only a defeated man makes use of that particular button of cowardice. Visually, Deponia excels. The characters and environments are consistently good throughout the entire game. While the humor does fall flat at times, the overall tone and presentation of the game harkens back to a time I remember with nostalgia. Rufus, the main protagonist in the game, is a deeply flawed character. He’s not a hero, but he’s persistent, goal orientated (haha), and in a weird way, endearing. And the puzzles. Modern adventure gaming, I feel, has become too streamlined and simplistic. Objects in many of the newer games have obvious purposes and the puzzles are too easy. This is not the case with Deponia, at least initially. The first “act” of the game takes place in a town filled with interesting objects to interact with and puzzles whose solutions are not readily apparent, but still approachable.However, the quality of the puzzles, and to some degree, the game itself, degrades when you progress to the “second” and “third” acts. Certainly, Deponia gets progressively worse, as the environments become more linear, and the puzzles become more of a chore than an engaging game play element. That’s not to say that the more advanced stages lack puzzles that will give you some pause, they just don’t have very many of them. Without spoiling too much, the story and characters seem to suffer the same depreciation in quality to an extent. Furthermore, there’s a mini-game type puzzle at the end of the second portion of the game where I encountered a glitch that would not let me proceed, even though I had the correct solution. Luckily, I received a steam achievement upon configuring the solution, so I was able to overcome this glitch after several repetitions using the same configuration.Overall, I would recommend Deponia to any fans of old adventure gaming, because many of its more charming elements have their roots in the old titles. I like the environments, puzzles, the artistic direction, and many of the characters. It is not a perfect game, nor is it the best in the genre, but if you can pick it up for half of its retail price, the game is worth looking into if you like point and click adventures."
,Not Recommended,214340,19789424,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,muhuk,"Nice try. But no cigar.Let's get the pros out of the way first, there are not many anyway:Pros- I actually like the visuals and setting. I don't think the story, the dialogues and the characters are horrible. They are acceptable. Too many people complain about the characters not being likeable. Try living in a junk city for a while, let's see if you will be likeable then. (In fact you can try this IRL)- It runs with zero bugs/glitches on Linux.Although I don't hate this game, I don't recommend it for the following reasons:Cons- Random puzzles.Using peas as bait to catch a toothbrush. Fuuuuuuu- Silly puzzles.Place detonation marks based on the resemblance of the hats and rooftops. C'mon.- Because most puzzles are of the two kinds mentioned above, you need to consult walkthrough and it kills all the fun. Instantly and completely.- Pixel hunting is annoying. This could have been easily solved, just flash clickable stuff if I have been stuck for a few minutes.I guess we shouldn't expect a Simon the Sorcerer or a Monkey Island anymore. Modern games are so sophisticated and highly stimulating (well, compared to old games), we expect a lot... Wait, stillmaking coffee with battery acidis way too silly and not at all funny."
,Recommended,214340,31763042,Posted: 14 May,all,itsmeAzuL,"Greatest point and click game I've ever played. Graphics and design are very unique, in my opinion. Story line was super funny. Never expect the expected.11/10 Would recommend11/10 Would also stare at Toni11/10 Drogglejug"
76561198114170548,Recommended,214340,31842076,Posted: 19 May,all,mrred,"I really enjoyed playing this game.Nice colours,nice dialogues (a lot of black humor) and average puzzles.The main characterrocks!!!(to my opinion).It reminded me the old classic point & click adventure games but with modern graphics and easier gameplay.The fans of this type of games will surely love it.It took me couple of hours to finish the game and I am looking forward playing the rest parts of the trilogy.i found the game on great sale (85%) so it worthed it.I would recommend buying it for sure.Have fun !!!"
76561198033445703,Recommended,214340,4184798,"Posted: 30 April, 2013",all,JackiS,"Замечательный юмористический квест,почти постоянно игра заставляет улыбаться, один из лучших квестов в которые играл, отдельно надо сказать про дизайн игры - он тут просто шедеврален, тот кто отвечал за рисовку заслуженно ест свой хлеб."
76561198165664626,Recommended,214340,33837003,Posted: 27 July,all,Rebecca Sensecal,"I took note of the negative reviews and almost didn't buy this, but I'm glad that I did. It's a nice little adventure game treading the same ground as old Lucas Arts games. I didn't find it hugely funny, but it was entertaining enough with a couple of real laugh out loud moments.I didn't find the main character as obnoxious as many people seem to have done. I never got the impression that the writers were trying to portray Rufus in a particularly sympathetic light. He was supposed to be pathetic and anti-social, with a huge chip on his shoulder originating from his early abandonment. I don't think you are supposed to actively like him.The puzzles are pretty decent and have some logic to them (I mean, adventure game logic, but better than many adventure games that I've played). It looks good and the only bug I encountered was that the inventory button would occasionally disappear, but that was easily remedied by exiting to the main menu and then resuming the game again.All in all, this wasn't an adventure game that I'll think of in the coming days. It didn't move me, it won't haunt me, and it hasn't taught me anything new. So, nothing special, but still a competent little game. I'd happily play the sequels if I can pick them up cheaply."
,Recommended,214340,25452598,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ves,"A cool point-n-click adventure game by Daedalic Entertainment.DeponiaThe game has reminded me of some point-n-click mysterious adventure games which I've loved to play, but this one has fine and unique comic style graphics, seriously impressed me when I saw this game from Steam's Queue. Never been told to play this one, so I managed to figure it out by myself, and it's true! This game has so many preferential features from its steampunk world to puns. The game also has rather lengthy story but you can still enjoy it (and there are lots of silly plots in here).You will be playing as a reckless guy named Rufus, who has a strange sense of humour (he's basically amusing and smart), and you will start with a tutorialyou cannot skip it because it is the part of story, uhm maybe (I forget)?. It's like an introduction to character, and you barely find yourself fall in love with this game. You can also choose preference for the control, since it is just a 2D and point-n-click style game, you don't have to do many things with WASD stuff, the control is absolutely simple and easy. You can also skip events and movement, for example when Rufus talks too much or NPC becomes boring because you click him/her several times, or you want to travel faster.Let's talk about the puzzles, some puzzles are requiring some efforts, not simple like you think that's why the game becomes more challenging and fun, sometimes you manage them by trial and error, or you can be so confused because there are so many missing parts that you can't even find (there isn't any hint button) which means you need extra efforts to pay attention what Rufus/NPCs say. Good things you are given considerable space to save your game in case of need. There isn't Game Over to this thing (let's say Rufus is untouchable), you just have to solve the riddles.However, the game is a little bit difficult for some new players who are not familiar with riddles, like I say some puzzles may be too hard to solve, but it's kind of a new challenge for those who want to give some efforts, Deponia is still enjoyable. It can also be played with kids who love puzzle!TL;DR:Pros:-Affordable price-Amusing characters and Puns-Controls are easy-Different difficulty for puzzles-Music is decent-Obviously cool graphic and art-Great storyCons:-Some bugs can be encountered while playing-Puzzles are sometimes too hard for new players"
,Recommended,214340,32942421,Posted: 28 June,all,Deer God,This is definitely one of the best point & click game with a really good storylinewith out of the box way of solving puzzles10/10
,Recommended,214340,23695775,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,motricoman,"hahaha you want to have a good time with your friend? play this game while drinking.most of all the artstyle is soo good, perfect for a point and click game and the theme of the game itself,Garbage land.Voice over is also superb, dialogs are interesting and the story is CRAZY WEIRD hahaha But I love it.the only thing I don't like,  the Answers to the Puzzle are not logical(trial and error most of the time),and oh my gawdd! the things that you can interact with are soo hard to find(if you're not using the Thingy finder)soo honestly, it's kinda hard to recomend :p but if you're just looking a crazy Point and Click game, try this one.(hahaha and enjoy the Voice over conversation)"
76561198007833990,Recommended,214340,9889933,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,bruinb77,"If you enjoy classic point and click adventure games, this is a must.  The art style is great with quirky/odd music and  well done.  Both fit the game world well. The story line is humorous with a strange ""love story"" with a couple of twists thrown in.  Puzzles and mini-games were east to moderate difficulty, although some combinations were a bit on the strange side.Completing the game for experienced adventurers would be around 10-12 hours for the first run through.  For achievement seekers, the last one needs to be done with the sound turned off or you will go insane!  The last achievement is a bit of a challenge if you try it, but easier if you just finished the game and have a good memory.Bottom line is that this was a fun, short adventure that I am looking forward to playing the sequels."
76561197970983403,Not Recommended,214340,10616207,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,killingyouguy,"A sometimes amusing adventure game along the lines of Curse of Monkey Island, Deponia features an often unlikeable ""Guybrush"" in Rufus, a mainly absent damsel in the aptly named Goal, and many frustratingly dumb puzzles. It's a charming game, in a way; hopefully the sequels are an improvement."
,Not Recommended,214340,9840655,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Largan Wildrop,"Having played point and click from space quest to monkey island, this is nothing innovative.The comedy is pretty lame, maybe kids would like it, but then its not that wholesome either.Admittedly I did finish it, because the art is pretty nice, and the story is okay, but the puzzles are completely arbitrary - there is no logical connection between the object required to interact.  They tried a quirky monkey island style but didn't quite get it."
,Not Recommended,214340,10338710,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,SnowyAnna,"I tried to play this game, but found it tedious. The puzzles make no sense most of the time, and leaves you with little help. It's difficult to figure out what the next step is. And, it seems to be every step.The main character is completely unlikable. He has no redeeming traits. No one likes him, and he doesn't like anyone. He is a selfish, arrogant♥♥♥♥♥and he was only motivated by his own self interest.Now, the game setting was interesting, the artwork beautiful, and the voice acting great, but I couldn't get going any faster than a snail's pace. I wanted to know more about the world and the rest of the story, but couldn't get past the slow, clunky gameplay. Perhaps this game is only for the extremely patient."
,Recommended,214340,28686348,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,ssjkenny,"Wow, Germans really CAN be funny! Same for all 3 games in the series. Get the collection if this is your first purchase as it's one long (very good) story. Just be careful not to look up hints on the internet because you'll hate yourself afterward."
76561198352922094,Recommended,214340,29203132,Posted: 12 January,all,TiyaGrays,Overall fun play...if you can bear with the unlikeable main character. For sure pick it up on sale and give it a go!PROS-Engaging and bright visual style (very Lucas Arts)-Interesting puzzles-Clear feedback for if you were successful or not in a puzzle-Player guided with hints in the dialogue-Great background music (with dorky song narration)CONS-Plot is based off of unlikeable main character (and game is only slightly self-aware about it)-About three multi-step puzzles without feedback
,Recommended,214340,1408205,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,Mechanical Mind,"If you like point and click games, Deponia is a good purchase."
76561198041828539,Recommended,214340,12036992,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,VestigiaL,"I can officially call this game, in my books, the definition of an adventure point and click puzzle game.Fantastic story, great humor, difficult puzzles and riddles.This game has everything. I really enjoyed it, and it was worth the 2 euros (I bought it off a 90% deal) and I'll make sure to buy the rest remaining of the trilogy.10/10 for me."
,Recommended,214340,3484231,"Posted: 21 August, 2012",all,Apple Norris,"Отличный квест, в духе первых игр серии Monkey Island (имеется в виду квестовый дух, морем тут и не пахнет; скорее в воздухе витает тошнотворный аромат мусорки).Рекомендую всем любителям хороших квестов.И, Droggeljug всем."
,Recommended,214340,19121373,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Orangestar,"This is going to be kind of a rambly review because... I... I... don't know. I don't know what to say about Deponia.It's got some hilarious writing, especially for an adventure game, and I got through most of it without a walkthrough, so those are some good points.The art in the game is spectacular. Like, really spectacular... until you get to the cutscenes, where they look like strewn-together flash animations. It still looks good enough that I can let it pass.But... there's something about when the game says it's going to sit down, shut up, and be serious when it feels like something's amiss. The game just... can't be serious. Too much silly stuff is going on.I really like the way the game presents itself, as sort of a set of 3 open-world-y ""scenes"" where you have to work out the puzzles throughout each scene, and get to see the place turn to chaos as you slowly manipulate everything for your personal gain. It also fits the protagonist very well. Hell, the protagonist is basically the epitome of adventure game protagonists. He's basically how an AGP would actually act. He's actually kind of annoying to play as sometimes for that reason, but it kind of delivers with him a message about the genre. It's silly, and really shows Daedalic's writing style.I just feel like there's so much about the world we haven't been informed about though. I guess that's why Deponia is a trilogy, but it feels a tinge too short to make it worth being released in a trilogy.The game is weird and silly and a whole lot of fun and hilarity, but it's just the ending that makes it fall flat, when you realize you've hit the ending and there's quite a few loose ends to tie up in the later sequels,Iadorethe setting in the game. It's beautiful, and I so badly want to explore it more. All the little eccentricities of the world really show itself off. Daedalic seems to be absolutely god-tier at worldbuilding, and if you really like a world that feels like it's full of life, you should check out this game. Heck, the stellar worldbuilding gets you so attached to the world that it makes a later twist in the game all that much more impactful. Too bad our protagonist doesn't share the same views.I'll probably amend this if I ever get the other games in the series, but right now Deponia is standing as ""a pretty good adventure game"". I do recommend it, but be warned that what you're getting into is a little below par."
,Recommended,214340,20140948,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ruphine,"Wow such a complicated puzzle this game isI love puzzle gamesYou have to solve puzzle with funny weird wayQuite fun to see how the puzzle solvedAnother fun thing is full voice over dialog and the personality of the protagonistRufus is a self-centered smartass idiot who just want to make a better life.If you are into puzzle games and simple gameplay, you'll like this gameBelieve it"
,Recommended,214340,16031596,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Synkronos,"A thoroughly enjoyable old school point and click adventure. Well written, humorous, great puzzles. I can heartily recommend it for anyone yearning for the days of Day of the Tentacle and similar. Relatively short, it only took me a couple of days to clock, but well worth the purchase."
,Recommended,214340,28792038,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Scrublord,"Fun game that's worth a try, especially if you're a fan of Monkey Island and other old point and clicks. Like many games in this genre, there are sometimes puzzles with strange/contrived solutions, and I found myself having to Google some solutions. The world of Deponia is interesting and funny, and kept me playing even when I felt frustrated with certain puzzles.The English voice-acting is poor quality and kind of annoying, so I reccomend that you play with the German voice-acting, and just turn on subtitles."
,Recommended,214340,28233614,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Calamity Jones,"Brilliant, funny and enjoyable game - definitely deserves its comparison with the Monkey Island series... If you're a fan of those, you'll love this game!"
,Recommended,214340,22375711,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,V.,"Deponia is, at its heart, a love story--a tale of boy meets girl. The boy, Rufus, is a dreamer, the archetypal down-on-his-luck underdog who aims high but fails oh so miserably time and again. The girl, Goal, is classically unobtainable--rich, pampered, spoiled, and blissfully unaware of her own attractiveness to the opposite sex. Oh, and she has a removable chip in her head, lives in a floating palace in the sky, and has the power to blow up the entire planet. No, this isn't the most conventional of love stories, but such wackiness is befitting for a game that is as much about providing oodles of comic relief as it is about telling the tale of two lost souls."
,Recommended,214340,24978510,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Batfemale,One of the best adventure games I have ever played. I hope I will be able to play other parts of this amazing game any time soon!
76561198164016063,Recommended,214340,25808287,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Artemur,pros- gorgeously drawn cartoony artwork just like another Daedalic Entertainment's games- witty and colorful characters- good character animation- i guess story is decent.cons- another adventure game has full of nonsensical / obtuse puzzles- first half of the game slow pacing.- game is concluded with a cliff hanger. you have to play sequels to get whole story.- game is short. it lasts only 6 hour.it's not a bad game but not great either. only buy on sale.
76561198099275658,Recommended,214340,11193733,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,monkeymadness,"Deponia! This game is breaks all the rules. Without going into too much detail and spoiling the whole thing, I would just like to say that I found myself enjoying a game that I thought I would hate. The opening sequence (not the tutorial) should have been a key indicator of what was about to go down. The humor plays a huge role in this game. Although not outrageously funny, it provided a few chuckles on occasion. The art style is not my favorite, but I also admit that this particular game would not have been as good without that particular style. The puzzles were a key piece to making the game. I did find a few moments throughout the game where I was unsure what to do next. The game is good at letting you know what needs to be done, but not necessarily how it is to be done. Even so, I found a majority of the puzzles had a good balance. They were neither too hard nor too easy and they always seemed have a unique variety to them. Although on the outside the game might seem like a pile of garbage, the game has so much more to offer. The story (not the greatest, but pretty well thought out), the music (you'll see what I mean), the locations (Kuvaq was one of my favorites), the puzzles (probably the best thing about the game) will all transport you to Deponia and unlike Rufus you won't want to leave!""Huzzah, you should buy this game!""Check out my other point and click adventure reviews on my page!"
,Recommended,214340,8733726,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Cherokee Rose,"Love this game. I like the story, the humor, the voice acting, and the artistic style they've used for the graphics. The puzzles aren't too easy. Most of them are not too challenging to the point you just start grinding your teeth. The puzzles aren't bad. I've not come across anything like that horrid rain dance in the Book of Unwritten Tales yet, which is less a puzzle than it is an exercise in frustration. That required you to tap the keys given in a list that scrolls down the screeen. The list speeds up as you go along so if you're terrible at things that require precise timing or have painful arthritis problems in your hands that stiffen your fingers like I do, a puzzle like that can quickly render a game unplayable. Thankfully, there's nothing like that here in Deponia.Some of the puzzle solutions are obvious so if you like a constant challenge you may be disappointed. What I definitely find aggravating though is that some of the solutions bear no resemblance to logic at all and I found myself seeking hints. There were a couple points where I resorted to walkthroughs because the solutions made no sense whatsoever and I'd have never figured it out in a million years. I've also been tripped up by the related problem of some of the puzzles not using the logical and, to me, obvious answer and like I've mentioned before, using instead an alternate solution that makes no sense. It would be nice if I could use an alternate solution I see instead of being locked into the one the developers thought of.Still, those are the only drawbacks and while they are occasionally frustrating they haven't ruined the experience for me. I got enough enjoyment out of the game that I still consider this a good purchase and I have no regrets. I enjoyed the story and can't wait to play the other two games in the series."
,Recommended,214340,20457833,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Leon Fowl,"You play the part of ""Rufus"", a quirky odd fella' from the village Kuvaq"", on the trash and scrap-covered world of""Deponia""- Think: Junkyard with housing opportunities!ThisPoint & Clickadventure is full of funny, clever, and sometimes very tricky puzzles to solve. It goes to redicilous lenghts at times, so there might be a couple of self-loathing moments where you look up a guide, and then *facepalm yourself, due to the obvious ( in the world of Deponia) solution. But don't worry, the pace of the game is great, and you wont find yourself stuck to often.It tells it's story with a humongous portion of humour. You will surely smile and stay curious throughout the game.The voiceacting is also very good - where every character seems to have been properly worked on.- If you like Point & Click games with a twist of comedy. This is for you!"
,Recommended,214340,8419561,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gig,"As far as adventure games go, this really is one of the best. It heralds back to more classic adventure games and really provides a challenge in some spots that will take some figuring out. On top of that, the writing is top notch and hilarious, and the voice acting is surprisingly excellent. If you love adventures games, and even if you don't, give Deponia a shot!"
76561198097554848,Recommended,214340,16536045,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Reverie,"Huzzah! This game is amazing.Hilarious and challenging point-and-click adventure that is delightfully reminiscent of such classics as Monkey Island in both tone and substance. Some of the best money I have spent on Steam, thoroughly recommended, even for those new to the genre. You really can't go wrong with the price that it is nowawdays. Now if you'll excuse me, I have the sequels to buy..."
,Recommended,214340,10767705,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Yurick,"This is fantastic adventure game about guy named Rufus. He hates Deponia and wants to leave it, but meeting with one girl induces him to save this world of trash.Funny characters, amazing world and interest quests will keep your attention till end of the game."
,Recommended,214340,16256954,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,talgaby,"Short version: 83%The first part of the Deponia trilogy isn’t exactly a bold game that tries to discover new territories in mechanics or storytelling; it’s just a well-constructed point ‘n’ click with proven character concepts, plot mechanics, and puzzles.Long version:The Deponia series is arguably Daedelic Entertainment’s most famous point and click title. Yet the first instalment, for the most part, is just another good adventure game, nothing more.The protagonist, Rufus, is a stereotypical egocentric jerk who just wants to achieve his one goal in life (leave his home for good), no matter how much grief it causes to everyone around him. When the other main character, Goal from the (literally) upper society drops into his life, he sees her only as a ticket out… but eventually gets entangled in a much larger plot, which– the game being the first part of a trilogy– naturally ends in a cliffhanger.What makes this often seen story stereotype work is the writing. The dialogues are perfect from Rufus’ self-centric monologues to the sarcastic responses he gets from everyone else; the characters may be simple, but they have a good synergy.The puzzles are what one expects from a point ‘n’ click: mostly inventory and map hotspot manipulation, with a few occasional (and skippable) minigames. The difficulty is moderate; if you know how adventure game logic works, you shouldn’t have problems– except for maybe the middle segment, which require some trial and error.As a final word: the trilogy was re-released as a single game, making these individual titles somewhat obsolete… unless you want to play the famous drugglejug mode, which was never implemented in the Complete Edition."
,Recommended,214340,30785140,Posted: 27 March,all,Dahaka,"English:The Deponia saga is one of the best point and click adventure games out there, difficult puzzles and a great and unusual story, the main character is well made, funny and makes you laugh almost constantly.The story revolves about a man trying to leave a world that was turned into a garbage dump by building Wile E. Coyote like contraptions.if you get the puzzles right away Its a short game (as most are in the genre), but it can give you hours of hitting your head against your desk trying to figure out the puzzles or you can cheat, im not going to tell you how to play, im just a review.Droggeljug:Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug, Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug, Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug, Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug.Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug.Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug (Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug), Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug, Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug, Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug."
76561198086061585,Recommended,214340,8583155,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,gaia.razus,I've played a lot of adventure games and this game is still in my Top 10 favorite adventure games. Though it's have some difficult puzzles that your children may not like it.
,Recommended,214340,8193450,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,KiLLy#21850 Overwatch!,A genious piece of adventure history! If you liked Monkey Island & Loom etc. - you will like this one.
,Recommended,214340,2725601,"Posted: 12 August, 2012",all,BECTH1K,"Классический point'n'click квест выполненный на высоте. Интересные загадки, захватывающий сюжет, красивые пейзажи в старом рисованном стиле - вот что мы увидим в Депонии. Буду ждать продолжения истории Руфуса и Гоал."
76561198067369255,Recommended,214340,16074966,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,鎖のアリス,i love puzzle gameanyway i don't know how long i trying i still can't get the toothbrush
,Recommended,214340,21282029,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,Big Boss,10/10 would Droggeljug again
76561198014554718,Recommended,214340,20250467,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,GingerRin,"The should-I-buy-it checklist for those out there:The art style: Enjoy 2/2,5D cartoon graphicsImeanlookatGoal? You are in for a treat (9/10)The story: Very interesting and witty at times, and damnthat cliffhanger(7/10)The gameplay: You advance the story by causing troubles, pretty convincing (8/10)The audio: DIdn't leave much impression but the voice acting is good (7/10)Overall: Try it, it's worth the shot (7.5/10)Droggeljug!!DroggeljugDroggeljugDroggeljug!DroggeljugDroggeljugDroggeljug?"
76561198017950793,Recommended,214340,3131306,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Trojanjack,auf seine ganz einfache art witzig und ein gelungener spielspass
,Recommended,214340,9636478,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Kagemane,Some great and oldchool gaming adventure right there. This game will steal few hours from your life. Hours well spent on bursting with laugh and so on. The story maybe is not so unique as in the other games of this type but the way of storytelling and humor contained in this game is totally catching this imperfection. In my oppinion it's perfect game to relax.
,Recommended,214340,24355827,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,♡Kirino♡,"I don't really like point&click game, but the stories make an exception."
,Recommended,214340,10076002,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Nax_o,Good laughs and smiles was what i got from this. Reminds me of Monkey Islands.Game is also dirt cheap and many times on sale. Definitely worth the price.
,Recommended,214340,8456057,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ownosourus,"Deponia is a purebred point-and-click adventure that follows the misadventures of Rufus, a dreamer, an inventor, a visionary - and a jerk. And make no mistake, he's not a misunderstood scoundrel who does his best but always seems to end up on the wrong side of the right thing. He's selfish, egomaniacal and a legitimate, all-around♥♥♥♥♥♥ He has no qualms at all about putting the screws to his best friend, and considers his long-suffering girlfriend's insistence that he get a job and do the dishes once in awhile to be utterly unreasonable. His only goal in life is to escape his dirty, dreary life and make his way to the distant realm of Elysium, a land of milk and honey that floats high in the sky above his home.The opening segment of Deponia is dedicated to Rufus' latest scheme to reach Elysium, and while the outcome is all too predictable, I laughed like a fool at the payoff anyway. It's not what you'd call sophisticated humor - think Wile E. Coyote meets Homer Simpson and you'll have a pretty good idea of how it plays out - but the presentation is so well done that it works anyway.Unfortunately, after getting off to a strong start, Deponia sags rather dramatically in the second half of the lengthy opening chapter, when the oddly-named and inconveniently-cybernetic Goal is introduced to the action. She's a beautiful Elysian female who may well be Rufus' ticket to the good life, but before any of that can happen he must first revive her and then prove his ""claim"" to her with the town's mayor. It lacks direction and is weighed down with frustratingly obtuse puzzles, and although I may not be the sharpest cookie I have no idea how some of these puzzles could be solved without a walkthrough. It drags narratively too, as the priority shifts from sharp storytelling to confounding players with an overload of tough brainteasers. The story thankfully picks up again in the second and third chapters, which pass much more enjoyably with better pacing and far more reasonable puzzles.The game suffers from a few technical issues, most of which relate to the translation from the game's original German. There are occasional spots of odd or awkward terminology, one line of subtitled text appears in German rather than English and the subtitles don't appear at all in a multiple choice puzzle in the second chapter, forcing you to either guess your way through it or, again, rely on a walkthrough. It doesn't do much to fill out its fiction, either. The role of the Organon, a sort of half-robotic military organization-slash-secret police that seems to serve the people of Elyisum, is never clearly explained, nor is the exact nature of Goal's brain implant, which is really just a cheap way to bring her in and out of the action as needed.But in spite of those missteps, Deponia is a success. It brings absolutely nothing new to the genre, but it's legitimately funny, brilliantly produced and, aside from some slogging in the middle, moves quickly and smoothly from start to finish. It's not quite great, but it's awfully good."
,Recommended,214340,23890957,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,A Z U K O,this is definitely love at first sight
,Recommended,214340,10794476,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Fountains of Mead,"This game genuinely captured the old point-and-click humour that has been so cripplingly missing in recent years. It was my gateway drug into more contemporary P&C Adventures like 'The Book of Unwritten Tales'. Play this, it's amazing."
76561198105570205,Recommended,214340,24586348,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,sr_chatto,"""Hello there sugarpuff!""Really fun point and click game. Puzzles were varied, interesting and at timess challenging.Main character reminds you of that one friend we all have who is so full of him/herself we can't help but to laugh at his/her antics. Dialogue is very creative and funny (hilarious at times) with good voice acting that portrays the characters with authenticity. Also the song that plays between chapters is catchy and interestingly voiced.Even even you haven't played a point and click game before, I recommend anyone give this game a shot."
,Recommended,214340,21083242,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Klawd,"Top notch characters, artworks, and musics. If you want to relive the old Lucasarts games atmosphere this is the game for you. (note: only the first chapter, reasons in the edit)EDIT: Just finished the first 3 chapters (the 4th has just been released). I still recommend Deponia, but I can't compare it to Lucasarts games anymore, there's some racism/sexism/and just some plain bad ideas that has been put into the second and third games. I think the creator's idea was to make the character ignorantly racists, sexists, and a bad person overall, but I think it would have been better to just leave Rufus as it was in the first game, a goofy clumsy hatcher of bad plans. Nonetheless, this haven't changed completely how I feel about this game's characters and artworks. It's still a great game."
,Recommended,214340,20811746,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Birb,"A great adventure game - graphics, setting and gameplay wise - placing you in the shoes of one of the most unlikable protagonists (and female sidekicks) in video game history.Also, minor problems when selecting inventory items (you have to click in the very center of the item to actually pick it up) and the usual Daedalic translation issues here and there.Still, a really worthy adition to your point'n'click adventure library overall."
76561198129791148,Recommended,214340,28804409,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Trainer117,"Are you looking for something to cheer you up but at the same time challenge you? Then look no feather. Deponia is a charming and funny little romp through the trash planet of Deponia. You play as Rufus, a sarcastic, egomaniac, who’s one goal in life is to escape the ball of sewage he calls home and live in the floating city of Elysium. Now that description of the main character may though you off. And I will admit Rufus is a bit of an♥♥♥♥♥and you could easily dislike him. But he’s funny and a little sympathetic to. So I found myself eventually warming up to him. Plus he does start to show signs of change by the end. And this is only the first game in a trilogy so he’s bound to get better. Oh and quick side note, since it is the first game in a trilogy there is a lot of set up but little pay off. Not a deal breaker though, since there was enough to make me want the next one. Now back to Rufus. If you still hate him by the end don’t worry because there’s always another character to pop his ego balloon, leading to some very funny moments. The only negative I have to give this game is that it has a very odd train of thought for some of its puzzles. But a good walkthrough solves that problem. All and all this is a great game with funny duologue and a set of challenging but absurd puzzles."
76561198079327992,Recommended,214340,28666846,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Grandfromage,"Great fun. Reminds me of the old LucasArts Maniac Mansion and the like.Fun humour, good puzzles. Strikes the correct balance between level of trickiness to the puzzles and whackiness to the story. I got this in a super cheap bundle, and am looking forward to trying out the next game in the series. For the price I got it I would have been happy even just with part one :-)"
,Recommended,214340,31068611,Posted: 10 April,all,Rex_Starlight,"Very good game, the story is perfect"
,Recommended,214340,11581269,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,An Theena,"Overall, I found the trilogy enjoyable. I loved all the art in this. The backgrounds were very interesting, detailed, and beutifully portrayed a wide variety of the many towns cities landscapes, and other areas of this trash-heap of a planet. The character designs had this simplistic ""kiddy"" style that I found particularyly appealing. I think that the characters designs were pretty effective in expressing each characer wtih a huge variety of characters of many shapes, sizes, and postures. The art of the game, while playing, overall reminded me of pajamasam, being a point-and-click adventure with upbeat, ""kiddy"" looking characters in combination with a vast world of many areas drasticly differeing from one another in tone and atmosphere.Now with gamplay, well... Puzzles in this game, thinking back now, where ususally ridiculously hard to solve. I was stuck several times only to look at a walkthrough only to find that the answer makes me think ""how in the world was I supposed to figure THAT out."" Without the walkthrough I porbably would not have finished the game. I already spent like a good hour sitting there trying to think of answers. I did NOT have the patience of trying EVERYTHING on EVERYTHING so it was either use my own logic to its most abstract limits or the walkthrough. There were sometimes were I was on a roll in solving puzzels and that was pretty satisfying.The voice acting was pretty decent. It sure beats Dream. My friend told me he quickly got tired of Rufus' voice but I wasn't too bothered. I was pretty invested in the story. The story was the otherthing besides the art that kept me playing. It has some cool twists and reveals that suprised me. Aand I think the ending of the trilogy beats Mass Efect's."
76561198066925554,Recommended,214340,11434342,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,DahlsChicken,"I am huge fan of Monkey Island, and this is the first game I've found that comes close. It has good humour, nice exploration and beautiful illustrative artwork (think MI3). Downsides are that you're launched straight into a tutorial, rather than given time to watch the scene be set; in addition, the voice recordings aren't great in that a) the artists haven't received full direction, so sometimes they stress the wrong word and ruin the joke, and b) there isn't enough variety in responses. The game is also fairly short but is actually a lot longer than most, and definitely longer than your average Indie game. In all, really, really good. Enough to make me buy the sequel :)"
76561198071966941,Recommended,214340,11647253,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,foxgirl74,"Very quirky and fun, also challenging at times."
,Recommended,214340,23694445,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Augerz,"Funny, interesting and good story it's what i like in this type of games. 10/10."
,Recommended,214340,18414161,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Lyzzie,"If we compare this game with other games from Deadlic, like Chains Of Satinav or Memoria, this game will seem very weak. Daedalic already made better games.Although, this game is a funny one. It has a lot of jokes and the graphics are ok. You can spend amusing hours playing it.And the achievements make worth the try!"
,Recommended,214340,9944468,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,CarryOnMyWaywardSon,"cool puzzles , very creative artwork and steampunkish setting, overally a good game.its a bit of shame making poor animations which lack frames, a lot of frames. people expect more frome a 4.5 gb adventure game... animations shouldve been more smooth and unique!"
,Recommended,214340,9832708,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Medice,A really good point and click adventure series. Nuf' said.
,Recommended,214340,9865587,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Potato,Really good game. Great graphics annd voice acting. Also REALLY funny.
,Recommended,214340,34692889,Posted: 2 September,all,CookieCat,"I really recommend Deponia. It had a good storyline and it happened a lot funny things in the game. I enjoyed playing the game, it's worth to buy!"
,Recommended,214340,17636333,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,eaturbyfill,"A decent entry in the point-and-click genre. I'd recommend getting Deponia on sale, though, considering the amount of gameplay. I consider the replayability to be a bit low, considering there are not multiple possibilities and you've already figured out the puzzles. A few pros and cons:+ I thought that the story behind the world of Deponia was fairly interesting.+ Rufus grew on me by the end, despite his obvious flaws.+ Good style and gameplay.- A lot of the puzzles were counter-intuitive to me, and I did reference a walkthrough quite a bit while playing.- No well-developed female characters.- A bug with the inventory button disappearing forced me to play with a mouse instead of just my trackpad."
,Recommended,214340,9836645,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Blood_Wraith,Modern Point & Click Game: Quest For The Ultimate Coffee
76561198025738695,Recommended,214340,26801878,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Count_Dandyman,"Ah Deponia the start of the series that has kept me laughing, cursing, hating myself for the horrible things I did and given me a bald patch from trying to solve certain puzzles.These games may not be for everyone with the humor that can at times cross boundries some feel to be too questionable but to me feels like it never goes too far while still being unafraid to let anyone be a target for a joke. Combined with puzzles that all make sense once you get used to looking at the world with the eyes of a mad scientist who bumped his head a couple of times too many you get an unpredictable journey to a predictable destination."
76561198050576887,Recommended,214340,22647158,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,teemu524,"As really good point-and-click games go, Deponia series more than excels. Fans of Monkey Island and Grim Fandango? Look no further! Highly recommended!The only two ""bad"" things about the three games are one slightly laborious puzzle, and one song... You'll know what I mean when you hear it. That song *will* crawl around your ears for the rest of your puny, miserable, addled life. And, be warned, TESO will not sound the same after hearing it. ;)"
76561198004736089,Recommended,214340,22984299,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,FMcloud,"I LOVE THIS GAME!!!!!This has to be the funniest point and click I have played in ages. Not only is it hillarious from start to finish. It is also incredibly challenging. You really have to think outside the box for some of these, but at the same time it makes sense, just like in Sam and Max. So you will find yourself explaining your reasoning for solving a puzzle to someone who doesn't play this, to only get a facial expression thrown back at you that says ""What on earth are you on??"" Lol. The mechanics are very old school, which is great, and definately hark back to the early DOS days. Being able to bring the items menu up and down via the mouse wheel is pure genius, and gives me a great sense of pleasure every time I do it.The visuals are gorgeous. Every landscape and character you see is very sharp and clean, with loads of colour and detail. The script, storyline, characters, songs, music and voice acting is phenomenal! The humour is very adult so I'd steer younger kids away from this (It's not Deadpool or anything but there's the odd bit of language and double entendre and it can get a little dark in places). This game had me hooked from start to finish. Even though I had to break away from and come back to it occasionally when I got stuck. Getting stuck was definately the most frustrating thing about this game, because you'd get a real head scratcher, not be able to solve it for a while, but really want to know what happens in the story. Still I don't think I would change anything about this game. Amazing. Would definately recommend it and am looking forward to playing the next installment 'Chaos on Deponia'."
,Recommended,214340,12372077,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Jessie,"Pleasent game with nice graphics and good humor. The only weakness is that there ici some bugs with the sound. Not too long (less than 7 hours), but there's a sequel :)"
76561198087499441,Recommended,214340,26545713,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,MDz89,"This game is real fun. Good humour, setting and difficult puzzles."
,Recommended,214340,17744868,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Schlurp of the Cream,"Amazing game... Trust me, I've been playing for years."
76561198002774794,Not Recommended,214340,16409068,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ApexHawk,"So, the game is regularly on sale for 0,99€, which is a STEAL don't get me wrong. I suppose that's how most are going to be picking this up.But this game did not inspire me to play the rest of the series. Didn't enjoy it enough.The game is a classic point'n-click, with all the hallmarks of the genre. The humour, collecting things, rubbing things together to make new things, list-based dialogue trees and ""quirky"" characters. So If you have nostalgia for these sort of games, you may enjoy it more. But I grew up in a different era, and while I enjoyed some of the monkey island games for their kickass music, this game doesn't quite have the same sort of charm. It also brings along the thing that ruined my enjoyment of the game: the adventure game logic. I played this game with a guide open in another window, and I have some shame for that, but I spent maybe two hours of play time stuck on various puzzles, and that just isn't my idea of a good time. One unintuitive puzzle would be an anomily, but more than three is more like poor design.The Visual are, well, lopsided. from the stills and the promotional art, you might thing that the game looks pretty good. in action though, the animation is really basic, with a minimum number of frames used to convey movement, and a limited number of facial expressions. Voice acting is also decent overall, with few standout performances for better or for worse.And the story.... well, the writing has some pretty good moments, but on the whole it still often fails to entertain. I will still give the game credit for the writing of Rufus, the MC. A lot of games try to go for a ""scoundrel"" type of main character, who's somehow a rebel who doesn't play by the rules, but also has a heart of gold, but here they bring the contradiction in that type of hero to it's logical conclusion: Because he acts like typical adventure game character, the other charcters see Rufus as a useless, kleptomaniac, harebrained and unpleasant person, while he sees himself as ""too good"" to live among them. I would say his defining character moment is when he has an arguement with his ex-girlfriend (who still houses and feeds him) to get the key to her first aid kit, from which he takes some tranquilizer which he uses to  come back, drug her and steal her stuff. Having Rufus be a real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ is what's important for him to have any real character developement.As for the side characters, some get laughs, and some get groans, and some are simple plot devices. Unfortunately, the latter category includes the series female lead, Goal (seriously?) who is the cornerstone of the plot for the whole game, yet doesn't say anything meaningful to make you invested in her.All in all, Deponia is only recommended to the fans of this particular genre, and especially hard puzzles. For the uninitiated, the game can be frustrating."
,Not Recommended,214340,16031806,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,✨Fley.The.Dragon✨,Game plays well enough but I can't stand the main character; I don't like him or his goals. I guess it was supposed to be funny but to me it wasn't any enjoyment playing as a character who doesn't care about anyone else but himself.
,Recommended,214340,13847333,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Inactive Blowp,"Great Puzzle Game, Good Graphics... Too bad the character walks so slowly. Would rec tho."
,Recommended,214340,19455168,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Game hot Gia Sinh Vien,"NICE GAME ,I LIKE IT TOO"
76561198043279637,Recommended,214340,9785701,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Cream of the Meme,"Ok. I never played a lot of point-and-click adventure games in my lifetime, so its possible that my judgement isnt the best, but to me, Deponia is a just a great game. It has everything i could ever want from the genre (exept a walk-speed dial, but double clicking while the mouse is over a new area does just as well) humor, adventure, and, well, just being damn pretty to look at in some parts. yes, sometimes the animation looks a tad budgeted, it never takes away from enjoying the adventure, unless your the kind of person who cares about DEM GRAPHICS (ECK!) more than the game. 10/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,214340,9766279,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,JaG,"If you are looking for a puzzle game, this one can be good.The illustrations are nice and visually it is a great game.  Some of the interactions with objects are a little harder to find,some of the puzzles are a little confusing and the storyline is a little basic but overall it is an appealing game."
76561198035369834,Recommended,214340,8461819,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ashitaka1986,If you like monkey island then you will like this!
,Recommended,214340,10657648,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,The Loony,Sehr lustig gemacht wer Monkey Island mag wird Deponia auch mögen !
76561198050665603,Recommended,214340,10657134,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Sammi,"Great and funny point and click game, easy to finish aswell.!"
,Recommended,214340,10690508,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MahiMahi,Some real fun Monkey Island point and click throwback shiz right hurrrrr
,Recommended,214340,11666990,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Deisophia,"Deponia is vaguely amusing. Forget comparisons to Terry Pratchett, Deponia is far more firmly based in the ground of a Piers Anthony novel. It excels in slapstick, crudity and vague jokes in reference to science and technology yet lacks the aplomb and depth that Pratchett conveys.As a game, it works well... the inventory system is effective, the navigation easy to grasp and the puzzles significantly *puzzling* with hints that are not overly obvious yet definitely helpful for someone paying attention.Graphically the game is most certainly comical, the character designs and environments well executed in terms of conveying character and atmosphere. However even on a system that exceeds specifications I did occasionally experience a drop in frame rate that threw out the animated voice synchronisation which was slightly offputting.In terms of sound the games is interesting, each animation and area has it's own unique sound, and the music is again... amusing and in keeping with the satirical elements of the game.However Deponia amused me, it did not quite captivate me as I hoped it would. I enjoyed the puzzles, and the graphics but the story simply failed to grab me. Perhaps this is slightly due to the characterization of Rufus. As much as he is meant to be an egotistical, narcissist incapable of helping others, it's not exactly an engaging sort of character to play. He ended up annoying me rather than maintaining my interest. As for Goal, the ""heroine"" she lies docile and helpless most of the time, the old archetype of the damsel in distress, so I couldn't even engage with desire to help her... who wants to save a lifeless body in a white jumpsuit... because that's pretty much Goal's character for most of the game?? (or perhaps that's just the feminist critic speaking)Plotline and characterization issues aside... Deponia does still manage to be fun to play, mainly because of the excellent level designs and puzzles.So I still recommend it as a fun game to play."
,Recommended,214340,8666409,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Excstazy,"I grew up playing lucas arts adventure games, like Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle. That's why i wanted to play this game, cause it looked like those game that i love so much, and it didn't dissapoint. It's a great game, a bit short but still, i recommend it. Must play for every adventure point and click fan. =)"
,Recommended,214340,20233801,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,rosoll,"One of few games, where game trailer doesn't lie. If you like trailer, you're going to like the game(s). The story is not complete in this standalone game, you will wonder how it's going to end until the end of 3rd game.The graphics are nice, music is good, cutscenes are usually the best.I had some problems with the ""WTF i'm supposed to do now"" situations and I had to solve them using walktrhougts, but nevertheless I like the game very much and would recommend it."
76561198014140422,Recommended,214340,20151009,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,The Arkady,"""Life's a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ when you look at it...""- Monty Python pretty much summed up what living on Deponia is like. So it's no wonder protagonist Rufus wants to escape the literal pile of trash. Too bad he's an obnoxious, egocentric idiot who can barely do anything right, other than perhaps make various things blow up in various faces...A not-entirely-likeable definitely-not-hero for a protagonist is a classic ingredient for adventure gold, and Daedalic followed other parts of time-honored recipes, too. Puzzles from trivial to head-scratchers (the way some of them don't really have good hints for them may be the game's one Achilles heel), a graphics style that fits the comedic tone of the game and is executed well, plus some nifty little tricks that make playing eassier (like quick-warping to sscreen exits).If you think you live in a dump and have it rough, you ain't seen nothing yet and totally need to treat yourself to theDeponiaexperience. Ideally, look for a package deal that includes the sequels - even though this is a full-length adventure, it's really rather open-ended."
,Recommended,214340,17024579,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,pixtar,"'Deponia'is a humorous point and click adventure, which is near to 'The Books of Unwritten Tales' where you can feel the world and want to be part of it. *Hussa!*Desc:You play as 'Rufus' who is a egomaniac, prides himself on being the best and who wants to leave his scrap home planet Deponia to Elysium with a vengeance. On his mission he meets 'Goal' the love of his life. He is willing to do everything for her to win her heart AND to get to Elysium.Pros:+ Really nice painted graphics and animations+ Strong audio speakers+ Funny as hell (sometimes very rude humor)+ Tutorial is available+ Skippable mini-games+ References to previous Daedalic games+ Demo available(+ Sequels for continuing fun)(+ Achievements [easy to collect] )Cons:- Annoying Droggeljug achievement (no shortcut)Recommended, even if it'snot on sale, because of the great story and the awesome trappings playing on a planet/world full of scrap.9/10"
,Recommended,214340,16804810,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,burgertanker,cheated my way through campaign with walkthroughstill want other 2 game in seriesalsothis game is ♥♥♥♥ing sick
76561198057997653,Recommended,214340,13865313,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,elorpes,Absolutely worth playing!I bought the sequels right after I finished this one.
,Recommended,214340,9810015,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,JVCope,"As a laconic description by TV Tropes says ""Monkey Island: Deisel Punk edition"", that could not be further from the truth. Deponia is probably one of the wittiest throwbacks to the Point and Click genre in a while. As Rufus, the man who gives Harry Dresden a run for Biggest Snarker in Fiction, you enter a bleak yet gorgeously drawn landscape of junk, amazing characters, and complete d-bags who plot the very destruction of mankind. As generic as it sounds, Deponia manages to remain a fresh experience in light of what most people would dismiss as an over the top MI rip-off. The puzzles are cleverly planned as hints come in the most subtle of dialogue options. The animations are well suited to the setting, giving a comic feel to the bleak planet of Deponia. All in all, if you like adventure, add this to your library."
76561198056878042,Recommended,214340,9820485,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Welsh_Heron,"I was skeptical at first, but this game turned out to be one of the best game purchases I've made in a while. Why? Well.....PROS:1) The story was good,and the characters were all quirky and memorable. Throughout my time playing, I was always thoroughly entertained by the story, and even though the puzzles were fun, I always found myself looking forward to the next scene. If you're someone who enjoys story-driven games, look no further than Deponia.2) The puzzles.While requiring some creativivity, I found a good portion of the puzzles/minigames to be relatively intuitive and to generally be pretty ballanced, difficulty-wise. The game does a good job of giving you non-cheaty hints to point you in the right direction, so you aren't stuck somewhere trying to combine a fish with a lightbulb, hoping that something will click so you can progress.3) Items.Although this is a bit of an odd category, I'm putting it here anyways because it's dreadfully important in point-and-click games. Good item management keeps puzzles from having too many possible-but-wrong solutions (solutions that make logical sense, but aren't coded into the game), and placing items well makes it much easier for players to FIND the items that they need. The game, I believe, manages to pull both of these off very well.4) Great art with a unique style.It's a game I had fun just watching myself play.CONS:Honestly, I can't think of much to go here, except that Rufus' (the character you play as) movement speed is attrocious, but that's bearable once you realize that you can skip his long treks with a double-click on his target location.Actually, if there was one complaint I had, it would be the lack of explanation given to some of the little nuances like the one explained above. Another one of these 'tricks' is that if you hold down the middle mouse button, it displays all of the available 'action spots' on the screen (eliminating the need to drag your cursor over every inch of the landscape). Perhaps I just need to learn how to read a manual, but it seems like these are important enough to at least deserve some kind of closeable pop-up diologue in-game.Now that that's out of the way, do I think it's worth purchasing? Yes. Most definitely, yes. And unlike most games that I purchase, I believe this one is worth it at it's full price (10$ at the time of me writing this). And if you know me, you know I'm a stingy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, so that's not something I say often.In  a nutshell:Good story, memorable characters, well-designed puzzles, and great art. Remember your double-clicks and middle clicks. Reminded me of when I played Freddie Fish as a kid (only Deponia's a lot cooler, imho)."
,Recommended,214340,9822085,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,RustyOatmeal,"Holy cow, where do I begin?I was introduced to this game by my lovely girlfriend, and it re-ignited my long-snuffed love of adventure games.  Deponia originally caught my eye after seeing a Let's Play by mangaminx, and truthfully it was the steam/dieselpunk art style that caught me first, and I finally picked it up from the Daedalic bundle.  Well worth it.Despite some quality issues I could moan about with the audio and the less than polished cutscenes that reminded me more of early Newgrounds flash animation than a final release, the game had me from the word go.  The writing is witty, the characters vibrant, and the story is executed with a loving finesse that embraces its cliche's so fondly it's hard not to excuse their faults, and then makes up for it with a sharp left-turn into some strikingly emotional scenes that defy the conventional tropes.As far as the puzzles go, I've certainly faced down more maliciously obscure combinations but I won't say there's no fridge-logic to be had here either.  Expect to need a guide once or twice, if for no other reason than to go ""Oh, I have to click on -that- pixel?"" or ""Well I would never have figured that pattern out on my own.""  The game leaves you plenty of clues through the comments made when you try to combine or use items at certain spots, it's the minigame puzzles it throws at you that seem to defy any intuition.  Even these, if you're observant enough, have their answers provided to you nearby.The first Deponia game has its quirks and oddities, it's own peculiar flaws and triumps that are the marks of any labor of love by a smaller company; but where the polish and sweat really shine through here is the lovingly thought out story, characters and level artwork, which is what any adventure game fan is there for in the first place, and it delivers these with plenty of flourish."
,Recommended,214340,8606565,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,AHoopyFrood,"Deponia features the mechanics of a classic point-and-click with a beautiful hand drawn graphics and an interesting (if a little short) soundtrack. In typical P&C fashion you explorer various environments, interacting with set pieces and collecting items to be used later, completing various tasks that range from the mundane to the ludicrous. The first act dragged on a little and had some real out-of-the-box puzzle solutions but the last two acts really pickup and are paced a little better.The artwork really is gorgeous and does an excellent job of bringing a world full of junk and debris to life. The soundtrack is pretty good but isn't what you would call easy listening so after hearing the same few songs over and over again in each act it can be a little grating. The writing was typically funny and the voice acting is top notch although at times the main character is a little overbearing.Overall Deponia is good fun (although maybe a little overpriced for the length when not on sale) and if you're a point and click fan it will be right up your alley. Be warned, if you're following the plot at all you're going want the rest of the series, cliffhanger city central.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HeAvybtuos4"
76561198077396708,Recommended,214340,20065220,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Lady Boo,"If you enjoyed Monkey Island, be sure to give this a try. Awesome graphics, quirky characters, hilarious dialogue (that intro though XD) and it's difficult enough that you may need a guide. Huzzah! 10/10"
76561198049500318,Recommended,214340,20068640,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Iceiy,"Funny, well made, and frustrating(ly) good click and point. On my list of favourites."
76561198236146358,Recommended,214340,20187238,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,bubu is too cute for me >.<,Ok.
,Recommended,214340,20101170,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Miss Haha,"I have enjoyed this game a lot, there is good humour in it and overall a great point and click game with a good storyline. I'm looking forward to playing the 2 sequels to this game once I'm done with this one. :)"
76561198078223783,Recommended,214340,19140913,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,MayLizz,"Hilarious game with amazing characters, challenging puzzles, strange logic, and a delightful atmosphere. The whole series is fantastic."
,Recommended,214340,11944343,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Thana,"If you're looking at this game when it's going for 2$ get the damn game. If it's going for 20$ as usual... maybe only if you're really into point-and-click games, and have tried other ones. It's a solid enough buy nonetheless. (just my opinion)A fantastic game with a unique cast of characters and beautifully drawn sceneries. The story itself, beneath the cartoonish appearance, was actually quite intriguing and compelling at times, though admittedly hindered by tedious game pacing (a good example being spending easily 30+ minutes simply making a espresso.). Playing while reading a walkthrough is probably a good idea unless you intend to be in it for the long haul.The voice acting I particularly enjoyed; I did notice it did not always sync (particularly in the earlier parts of the game), something which bothered me- but it was nonetheless enjoyable to listen to the voiced dialogue anyways. Even for ""supporting"" characters I found the voice acting to be rather spot-on.Content-wise the game seemed rather sparse, but it was consistently enjoyable from beginning to end."
,Recommended,214340,10992159,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Beldera,"I grew up on the Police Quest/Space Quest/Sam & Max/Monkey Island/etc (Lucas Arts and Sierra), and having played the game Memoria from this studio a few months ago, I was looking forward to Deponia.I find myself disappointed.I have no problem with a game having an anti-hero character, but this main character is a twit. He does show character growth through the game, but it's only realized in the ending. Maybe. Most of the game he is just really a jerk in a way that's obivously meant to be over the top and slap stick, but wears out its welcome pretty quickly. I am going to try the sequel - I am  hopeful that the main character does improve.I would NOT recommend this game for someone trying out adventure games for the first time, or trying them again after a time away. It's not that this is a bad game - it's very solid in many aspects - but that main character is going to be very off-putting to some people."
76561198036260453,Recommended,214340,10902209,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ShiroKaze,"Amazingly witty and funny! The puzzles are thought provoking, the music is amazing and the animations are incredible. Definitely one of the best point-and-click adventures ever"
,Recommended,214340,8643119,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dreggs,"Good old fashioned point and click adventure in the same vein as the classics from Lucasarts. Humorous dialogue, great story, nifty puzzles and memorable characters. If you enjoy this type of game, Deponia won't let you down. 9/10 bananas."
,Recommended,214340,8973201,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,wormsbuh,"really nice point'n'click! old school 2D gameplay, cool modern cartoonish graphics, good storyline, charismatic characters and funny dialogues. there you have all the ingredients to enjoy a great adventure game! on the cons side the game still has a few minor bugs and I found it out to be a little light on the dialogues, lots of repetitions and unnecessary dialogue-ending sentence coming over and over again, except that perfect!"
76561198049521836,Recommended,214340,9006737,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,the.simon22,"Love this game, love main character. It remembered myself games like Goblins :) Buy it and go on the jurney!"
76561198006553071,Recommended,214340,9039306,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Worldspawn,"When I was a kid I played Monkey Island and Indiana Jones and the Fate of Atlantis so when I spotted this game on Steam and saw the fun, easy going attitude I simply couldn't resist it.You're playing the local celebrity(?) Rufus who's dreaming about reaching Elysium, the city in the sky and, being the genious you are there's nothing that's gonna stop you.The game got a nice sense of humor that I found very amusing and all the dialogues have voice actors who did a really nice job. In addition to the normal adventure clicker you also get to test your wits in some mini-puzzle games in order to progress (they're optional though so if you're not into that then there's a skip button although you won't get achievement for it).The controls were easy since they were just point and click, the mouse-pointer showing you the options available and the scroll-down inventory was a nice touch as well.As far as difficulty goes I'd say it's a little bit easier than the Monkey Island games while still hard enough to keep it interresting.Cons: Low replay value (since you already know where to go, what to do etc) and I also felt as if the game was a bit short compared to for example the Monkey Island games.Having trouble deciding weither to give it a 4 or a 3 due to the low replay value but I'm guessing that, based on the genre, nobody really expects that to be high anyway so... *drum roll*... 4 it is!1 - Crap, don't buy2 - Fun for an evening3 - It's an alright game4 - Great game5 - One of the best I've ever played"
,Recommended,214340,11287916,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Ararati$he,"It is a very very very very very interesting quest ever!!! Different, not borring missions made us to love this game!!So 10/10"
,Recommended,214340,10667083,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,El Presidente,Great game with decent and difficult puzzles.
76561198054600750,Recommended,214340,10604014,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,manofarms,Its a great puzzle game with funny jokes
76561198025649395,Recommended,214340,8999838,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Jemiide,"I really liked this game. It was funny, not too hard and not too easy with great graphics. Great way to chill out for 2 or 3 evenings. I'm on my way to 2nd part."
76561198033802030,Recommended,214340,4203760,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,sudo sandwich,"Yay, after many years, I get to play another humor adventure game. So how does Deponia measure up?To begin with I very much like the art style. It's got 2D fully animated characters with some pretty nice painted backgrounds. Everything's easy to move around and interact with. Thankfully you can double click to instant-move to a location.Music is serviceable. I like to think of it as elevator music. It's there, and you notice it, but it won't stick, may irritate after a while, and you'd probably rather listen to your own music.The story is all right. The main character is perhaps a little too genuinely self-centered, but he gets better... somewhat... I think...The game's humor falls a bit on the flat side, which is a shame. I don't think I had a laugh out loud moment, just some grins here and there. I was willing to ignore it though, in order to find out what happens next. I admit I'm more than curious as to what is going on with Elysian physiology, but that wasn't answered in the first game, so I guess I'll have to play through the next (two?).Now for the meat and potatoes of the game - the puzzles. This is where I feel the game was lacking. There are several areas where you are just bombarded with random items you pick up, and very poor clues as to where to go or what to do. Ordinarily I do my best to avoid guides, but I ended up using one for this game. It didn't even feel rewarding for the stuff I DID manage to figure out on my own.I guess I'd rate this game a 7/10. It's no King's Quest, it's certainly no Monkey Island."
,Recommended,214340,11078671,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Roger wilco,=D
76561197989628185,Recommended,214340,20668123,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,andrasakiraly,good
,Recommended,214340,21430040,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,mhaksimhe,"Great Hit of Daedalic Studio,I buyed it in the Armageddon Bundle, totally worth it.Fifteen hour of fun and reflexion to finish it.Can't wate to play the other games."
76561198033297657,Recommended,214340,21106308,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,MEDVEDIC,"One of the best games I ever played. One of a kind atmosphere, setting, characters etc.BUY IT NOW!"
76561198068247033,Recommended,214340,16059048,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Please shoot me in the head,"I am embarrassed at how little I've just paid for this point-and-click-and-make-stuff adventure. It's slick, stylish, and delightfully animated. Highly recommended at, um, ten times the price*.* that I paid"
76561198048130168,Recommended,214340,19911466,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Zephyr,"It's a fun and well told point and click story. I've played little of the game, but I liked it. There are plenty of jokes ans stuff. The only bad thing I found was the sound quality of the game itself. Not only the audio, but the effects are not much but weak. Anyway, for a low budget game it's something worth it's price. A fun Steampunk Adventure."
76561197971891704,Recommended,214340,542769,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,Anhi,"Awesome adventure game, with great humor, graphics and music."
76561198063838983,Recommended,214340,9102836,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DoppelGengar,"This is a puzzle game that can easily eat quite a bit of your time. It's pretty challenging but also lots of fun. That game offers you some reasonable liberty to explore around many places and find the items you need in any order. However, that might make you feel a bit lost or stuck at first, as you don't have idea of where to start. Quite a few times I got stuck because I didn't know what I should do or who I should talk with it. But it's just a matter of trying different combinations between your items and getting the clue of how certain things work in the area. Nonetheless, the game is pretty funny and worth the time spent. If you like challenging puzzles, hop on with Rufus in this hillarious adventure."
76561198138152153,Recommended,214340,23537245,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Lauren,"Great plot, great looking game. One of the best point and click -games there is. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214340,11927136,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Lacoste,Good and funny game ! :D +
,Recommended,214340,1298279,"Posted: 9 February, 2013",all,TomBoss,"Cute adventure from my home country. Charming comic-style visuals, clever dialogue. Some illogical puzzles here and there, music and locations being repetitive as ♥♥♥♥, wannabe-Guybrush protagonist - but overall pretty solid. Feels more like an introduction to the sequel. Fans of the genre should pick it up for <10 bucks."
,Recommended,214340,11948810,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Jax0r,"I really like this game but I've run into a problem, If you put the parrot on the emergency phone before you speak into it there is actually no way to get the headphones from the telephone operator."
,Recommended,214340,31188557,Posted: 16 April,all,Pixusman,8/10
,Recommended,214340,31487389,Posted: 1 May,all,Ainz:[nZk],"woahh. this adventure click really good. im almost laugh every scene of it. hahahahi love this man. character rufus really good.puzzles sometimes hard sometimes easy.everything clue on conversation just hear from their said.im really hate wenzel ♥♥♥♥ wenzel haha..that fan-service tony good enough.animation goods, art good, bgm and soundtrack is nice, puzzle good, story and script really good. music every chap i love it. to the nord..!!10/10My first though was “Why would the Organon need an unconscious woman?”My second though was “oh♥♥♥♥♥♥ window!”"
76561198155962249,Recommended,214340,23592027,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Gems312,"Enjoyed this game, particually loved the visuals. The gameplay was a bit confusing and almost impossible at times where sometimes I had to (admittedly) look up instructions on how to pass. Pressing the space bar and right-click really helps with uncovering how to progress as some of the items were really blended in with the nice backgrounds. Eventually got through.Storyline was good, I don't see how this game is sexist when Rufus's stuck-up and often assholish nature comes back to bite him at times. Some of the adult humor and dialogue really caught me off guard in this game.Sympathized with characters such as the ex-girlfriend of Rufus, given what antics Rufus gets up to in this game, although I can see why Rufus's character is disliked I quite liked his character and his design. (He reminded me of Arrow from The Silver Brumby cartoon series)If you want a bit of challenge with point and clicks this is a game you'd like!"
,Recommended,214340,8453279,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Cpt-Cholo,"It kept me quiet for so long, my girlfriend forgot I existed. So she invited her lover over. Guy likes the game too. Nice and fun experience overall. It wet my beak to replay point&click adventure games."
76561197993860859,Recommended,214340,7814100,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,UncleStu,The main character is a major pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ but the others are good and the story is a lot of fun. Definitely worth a play-through!
76561198040921843,Recommended,214340,11916733,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,AceDemonLord,get it its a damn good game
,Recommended,214340,12338563,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Petel,The feel of old Lucasart in all its glory. Loved every one in rhe trilogy.
,Recommended,214340,6121451,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Razgildai,Great game! I'll go buy a second part!
,Recommended,214340,12015022,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Stivis,"I recommend this game, A fantastic adventure game with its own history, the whole game is only Point & Click !! I will buy the other part10/10"
,Recommended,214340,12028413,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,B!lks,"Q: I say ol' chap, do you like point and click adventure games?A: Why, yes, yes I do!Q: Good show, and may I say, that is a smashing blouse you have on. Do you by chance like the indie cartoon art style in games that reminds you of Dragon's Lair?A: er...I'm not wearing a blouse but YES!! I LOVE DRAGONS LAIR!!...wait...is this where you are going to say that this game is none of those?Q: Why then you have come to the right place!! (plebian...).  This game has it all! The epic story line with this being the begining of the trilogy, whimsical puzzles, quirky humour that is a staple of this genre, the cheesy one liners from its awkward protagonist, the strong female damsel in distress who probably would have been better off if she had never met said main protagonist...A: But...Q: But....there are a number of bugs, especially *spoiler ol'chap* when you are on top of the post office. Trust me when I say that you should make a seperate save just before you enter the post office as there is a bug that doesn't always happen but it can where you can't climb back down the ladder. being stuck up there whilst doing a DroggleJug speed run is not fun, trust me. *end spoiler*A: So is it worth having?Q: Oh my my YES! its a must have of any fan of the genre, it even works quite well with a touch screen (played on a surface pro 3) although you dont have access to the space bar hint but then hints are for the WEAK!!...thinking about it...are'nt I supposed to be the one asking questions?A: You just did ask a question.Q: Jolly good. Ahhh all is right in the world once more *Pours a cool glass of Pimms* Cheers! and give'm what for ol' chap!Toodle pip"
,Recommended,214340,9999932,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,ViharTáncos,"One of the best Point &Click adventure game i have ever played. Good story ,lovely characters and lot of sarcastic humour. ^^"
,Recommended,214340,14352694,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,SonicFlare,quite good point and click adventure game
76561198020740192,Recommended,214340,16825207,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Gorthander,"Freaking awesome game, I love the style and point and click, it is also very funny"
,Recommended,214340,17932066,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,brockbreacher,Great Game Funny Creative and a good puzzle Plus A GREAT Soundtrack (I'm Saving Up For The Other 2 ;)
,Recommended,214340,10740073,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Woppy the Weatherbot,"Have you ever wanted to live in a civilization made completely out of dirt, glass, and sharp rusty objects? No? Then you'll get along fine with Rufus! Join him on his quest to escape his home planet- Deponia."
76561198079476362,Recommended,214340,21613474,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Magnus,"Okay, I just finished playing this game for the third time. Reason being that Deponia Doomsday just came out and I want to refresh myself on the story.. Now.. Every single time even though I've Memorized the solutions to every single puzzle I still enjoy this game... It has a lot of funny moments, and also has a much deeper meaning.Honestly I rate this game 10/10 Pretty good rating I know, but this is one of those games that inspired me to create my own due to its amazing storyline."
,Recommended,214340,9969353,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Offline,"Deponia is a good little point and click adventure game. It has its share of tedious puzzles but most of them are good and makes sense (not a la Discworld). The story is good enough although very linear (we can argue a story is always linear :p ) in my opinion. We are far from games or stories such as the Longest Journey or Monkey Island.The recommended inventory system using the mouse wheel is extremely good and works very well, you can also hit the space bar at anytime to highlight every clickable objects in an area and the hand drawn graphics are really fantastic.I noticed a few bugs here and there, some of the clickable objects would eventually become non-clickable, and sometimes, the dialogue options are sometime off screen (probably not optimized for my resolution ?). The dialogues are well written and the actors did a great work in my opinion but the sound is not normalized very well making it sometime an inaudible mess.Finally, I want to mention that Rufus (the hero) goofiness only worked halfway for me. He is very one dimensional and his lines became very repetitive quickly. Some other characters such as Toni, Kuvac's mayor or Lotti are just more interesting making the world of Deponia a very believable one.If you can go through all the above, then yes, I think you will like Deponia."
76561198095941559,Recommended,214340,9344618,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,candiceb,"A fun point & click adventure... not quite up to the Lucas Arts glory days, but still fun.You play as Rufus - oxygen thief pretty much sums him up, but so much so that he ends up being likeable.  The other characters are amusing and the world is interesting - a trash heap planent, a city in the sky & hints of class warfare:  I want to know more, so guess I'm going to have to play the other 2 games in the trilogy.For the most part, the puzzles make sense.  Where they don't & other characters don't give you helpful hints, you generally have few enough inventory items & interaction options to go through the trial & error grind without having too many murderous thoughts.  A nice touch to bypass any frustrating pixel hunting - pressing the spacebar shows you all the objects you can interact with.Overall, a nice diversion.  Not going to blow you away, but still worthwhile."
76561198114962506,Not Recommended,214340,21760885,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,venningj,"Don't waste your timeBoring after a short time, you will need a walkthough because none of the puzzles have any flow or connection to the story. Don't waste your time"
76561198023424427,Not Recommended,214340,22663206,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,danielzart,"Not a good point and click game. The drawings and animation are Ok, but the puzzles are illogical, and if the puzzles don't make sense finding the solution is too difficult. I did not play it for long, but what I've seem from it so far make me not want to... simply not fun enough to worth my time!"
76561197962301472,Not Recommended,214340,23032124,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,[WB] MR PANTS,"I didn't particularly like the character you play, and I just found him to be sort of a whiney jerk.  And everyone around him's kind of a whiney jerk, too, which wore on me a bunch.  And he walks REALLY slow ... sometimes you can double-click locations to make him zap over there, but that doesn't always work.  You're going to be doing a lot of back and forth walking, so I wish he'd move like he had a purpose.The puzzles started out pretty fun but they quickly got to a point where I had to find a guide to help me out.  Some things are incredibly random to the point where I have no idea where you would figure it out -- some of it comes from dialogs, but I did a lot of trial and error.When I got to the train switch puzzle, I finally felt like I was working too hard to get a story I'd lost interest in, about characters I didn't much care about so I gave up.  It's a really beautifully done game and I can see why people like it, but it wasn't for me.  I'd definitely try other games from this studio, though, and I'll say that I don't regret the purchase overall.  But I wouldn't recommend this particular game based on my experience.  I'd say its worth a shot if you like point and click games and have a tolerance for a whiney main character."
,Recommended,214340,10175797,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,kgrrid,"A good, funny point and click adventure game, as long as you're not oversensitive over some things. ;)"
76561197986110999,Recommended,214340,16699151,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Agent of chaos,Awesome point & click game. 8/10
76561198088060517,Recommended,214340,18023303,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Septimus,"The puzzles can be a bit obscure sometimes, even for a point and click, but the story is great, the voice acting is perfect and I enjoyed playing this game a lot. Looking forward to the other two games in the trilogy.Wouldn't recommend buying it at full price, though. Get the trilogy, on sale.Otherwise, 8/10"
76561198110594346,Recommended,214340,18081250,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Wizard,Filled my time with hours of frustating fun
76561197967397955,Recommended,214340,18226842,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,smoke,I like the art syle and the writing in this game.
76561197961230141,Recommended,214340,18155282,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,HotRod DadBod1981,"Overall score: 8/10This game definitely has been a lot of fun.  The humor in it reminds me a lot of the Space Quest point and click adventure games from the 80's/90's with its silly humor.  It is graphically beautiful for the main stage being a futuristic wasteland that you live in.  Story line is quite humorous and well written.  The only thing that occasionally became annoying is it wasn't always clear on what you are supposed to be doing next to progress forward further into the story.  Definitely requires a lot of ""out of the box"" ways of thinking for some of the puzzles and figuring out how to use the objects you pick up.  For any fanatic of the classic point and click games, this will definitely bring you right back to it!"
76561198120721869,Recommended,214340,18267421,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,QuivaGBS,"This is a cute point-and-click game with a Steampunk flavor.  Like a many p&c games though, the hunt for items to use on other items or locations can, by the end of the game, be more annoying than fun.  I do recommend the game though, as long as you're aware of a few things;There is dialogue.  A lot of it.  And while you can skip over it, kind of, it's not as easy to skip as in come other games.The main character walks slowly.  Seriously slowly.  I assume that was meant to be part of his laid-back character but, again, by the end of the game, it gets to be annoying.  There are cuts to different places that you can use but still, he needs to walk some places.  Slowly.I had a few technical issues. The Inventory link would disappear at random intervals and a couple times the program shut down, with no explanation as to why.  A reload always fixed it though.Ultimately, the game was fun and I enjoyed it, which is why I recommend it.  The story was engaging as well, so I'll definitely play the sequels.  All in all a nice, relaxing couple of hours."
,Recommended,214340,18274077,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,rub3nmv,"It has good things and not so good things.Things that I liked:- Good looking game, nice art.- Great music.- Interesting story, keeps me wanting to see more although it's unfinished...- Most puzzles are fair, not too hard but also not easy.Things that annoyed me:- The protagonist is a jerk. I don't hate him, but he could shut up sometimes, he keeps talking and talking every time you click anything, not alternative short lines when you click a second time, like in every other point 'n' click game.- The story is unfinished, the ending was really disappointing. And not just for the story, but also because it was rushed and anticlimactic, even the setting was depressing and dull. I already knew there are like 5 or 6 other games, but I thought at least the first one would have a satisfactory ending.- Every new scene throws too much stuff at you, it's confusing to have to visit like 5 different rooms filled with new stuff when you don't even have a clear idea of your objective. That's bad design and could be done better, just look at other games like Broken Sword or even Monkey Island, much better in that sense.- BUGS. This wasn't a problem until I got to the end of the game, where it kept crashing and I had to click like 3 or 4 times on a item in the inventory to select it. I ended up playing in windowed mode and it seemed to solve the crashing.Despite the annoying things I recommend the game, it's fun and the story is interesting, but keep in mind it is NOT finished, so get it on sale and then decide if you want to play the other games."
76561197966961253,Recommended,214340,9872644,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Cruentus Liber,"if you are fan of the classic adventures like monkey island, space quest, etc... you MUST play deponia, worth every penny you pay for it. get the Trilogy"
76561198127320219,Recommended,214340,9877160,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,nemix,"Great game, minus it cutting out every so often... which meant I had to save after every 3 steps to make sure i didnt get let episodes behind"
76561198122163568,Recommended,214340,9882980,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Skarashka,Quite good
76561198036738977,Recommended,214340,9905368,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Grathew,"This game is, witty, funny, German, and most of all loveable. You play as the (possibly) crazy and (defently) innovative Rufus. All you want to do is leave your junk yard planet to the paradice in the sky. So far you haven't sucedeeded but that's all going to change this time, and your plan will work. But a damsal in destress, and a few complactions later makes you realise that you will have to get the seccond and third in this wonderful little series."
,Recommended,214340,9890378,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Rescuetoaster,"Excellent, everything you expect from a point-and-click adventure. Egocentric and goofy protagonist, obscure puzzle solving and a wacky story line. Amazing illustration, animation and sound work. Stands up against the old classics like Monkey Island and Space Quest. Highly recommend."
76561198115191249,Recommended,214340,9896689,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Heroeye,It a pretty fun game but being rufus is painful cause all your decision doesn't matter T-T
76561197972611824,Recommended,214340,18829173,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Mdog,The closest thing to a modern day Lucas Arts game I've seen. What a great game
76561198052784712,Not Recommended,214340,10176032,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,chaostheory66821,"The artistic style is visualy appealing, and the game itself is stable, but there are a lot of tedious elements to this game that don't quite add up. The puzzles aren't exactly connect the dots, more a combination of complete trial and error and hunt and peck. The story, although there, is brought to an almost complete hult by the puzzle mechanics in the game. Usually, a game like this tries to give you enough input that you still have challenging puzzles to figure out, but keeps things flowing enough that the story progresses in a fluent manner; not so much with Deponia.The game is bogged down by constant running around, back and forth, through the same areas, over and over again--which can get old rather quickly--and re-talking to the same people, time and time again, in order to get new items and information after every completed step, that it starts to bog down. Often times, the way that puzzles are put together (if you can even call most of them puzzles) gets old. Including how you are supposed to combine inventory items, and the silly things you are supposed to do in the environment to trigger actions.These elements get in the way of what could be a really great game. I enjoyed parts of Deponia, and detested others. A hate to give this game a 'no' recommendation, because of the clear presentation and easy interface, but unless you are a hardcore fan of point and click gaming that is more hunt and peck than puzzle based, and you have lots of time on your hands, this probably isn't the title for you. Certain puzzles make no logical sense and even seem hindering, especially when other solutions seem more readily available, but are completely unavailable. Puzzle and story should be singlular and lead into one another and Deponia is lacking in this respect. If the developer can improve on these elements in future releases then they will have an outstanding product!"
,Recommended,214340,33901339,Posted: 30 July,all,Cucă de Nocos,"I don't play point & click games, but Deponia is awesome!"
,Recommended,214340,33315581,Posted: 6 July,all,jake2156,Funny and cool game. Some of the puzzles seem almost impossible to solve. Had to use a lot of walkthrough assistance. Would recommend for the right person.
,Recommended,214340,34191431,Posted: 12 August,all,HOON,First time playing Point&Cilck and getting the feeling this might be just the right genre!Loved it. Took me about 8hrs to get through.
,Recommended,214340,33575124,Posted: 15 July,all,Morty,Nice game with unpredicapble storry
76561198065181180,Recommended,214340,33991167,Posted: 3 August,all,ChoKix7,"Good point and click game overall, the story is quite funny and I liked the characters. The narrative was a bit simple though and some puzzles are hard to solve as the answer can be twisted; you will find yourself clicking everywhere hoping for a solution rather than using your brain, which can be frustrating. This does not apply for the majority of the riddles fortunatly. I would definitely recommend this game, it's worth its price!"
,Recommended,214340,33991490,Posted: 3 August,all,Tzuyu [TWICE],"<Overall - 9/10>If i have to say about this game, it is absolutely fantastic!Story - 9/10I like the concept of a good for nothing useless man on his journey to prove his worth. Sound a little bit cliche and cheesy, but somehow the game managed to maintain it's originality by designing their character personality to a top knotch. The story builds up excitingly and the player will absolutely love the story.Art 10/10It reminds me of some steampunk, wasteland fiction those akin to works such as Nausicaa of the Wind, BioShock series, etc. It's very uniquely designed and artistic.Sound 9/10The music is one of the game's attraction. Very well composed, and fitting to the game.Character 10/10What i love the most of the game. Each character have their own personality and design. Very dinamically implemented.Gameplay 7/10Simplistic yet enjoyable. Interactive"
76561198304680427,Recommended,214340,34150155,Posted: 10 August,all,unulufuntu,"nice and funny dialogues, pictures and graphics are good. The story is entertaining and some puzzles are a bit complicated (i've checked the walkthrough a few times...). Graphics remind me a bit to monkey island 3."
76561198080595301,Recommended,214340,34215270,Posted: 13 August,all,ika,Absolutely loved it! Good old-fashioned point-and-click.
,Recommended,214340,34279241,Posted: 16 August,all,Kurosaki Itsugo,"A fun game.The story has a good pace, the characters are fun and interesting, art as always Daedalic does not disappoint and finally the puzzles are creative.For fans of Adventure Games, it's a must have.Well... Droggeljug!"
,Recommended,214340,34426570,Posted: 22 August,all,Bernand,"I think i've got the ""heart-breaking"" final cuz my heart was been broken *cries*"
,Recommended,214340,34560480,Posted: 28 August,all,Deyna,"Deponia is fun, but definitely not easy game to play. I tought i will get trought the end of it in no time, but let me tell you - i was so wrong. Sometimes i got stuck in one place and keeped walking around in hopes to find some way  to get this party going. I really enjojed getting to know characters and their stories. It is smart made game. Looking foreward to play next parts and see where the storie goes."
,Recommended,214340,33347925,Posted: 7 July,all,Murny,"Droggeljug! Droggeljug! Droggeljug!I really enjoyed this game. It has a good artstyle, story and voice acting. I also enjoyed the soundtrack and the point and click interface was really simple to use. I enjoyed the characters and Rufus' egotistical and obnoxious personality didn't bother me at all. He kind of grows on a person after a while. The puzzles are fun and makes you think but there were a few times that I needed to resort to using a guide to figure out what to do next. Other than that I don't have any other complaints. This is a good and fun point and click game and I recommend you give it a go!"
76561198328665196,Recommended,214340,35314862,Posted: 29 September,all,Monkey Baruto,"Egotistical, Womanizing protagonist ... check! A world that is literally a trash heap .... check! Adolf Hitlers resurrection .... absent .... so it seems Deponia doesn't quite have everything a great narrative should consist of, but it makes a good effort.Gameplay:So to clarify I don't usually play point and click adventure games, and I assume from the little I have played the formula is very similar: Grab every item you can find, combine them and then ... make a profit? In all seriousness there isn't exactly much gameplay wise, click to where you want to go, click items to use etc, but what can you except it is a point and click adventure game after all. Well i'd be lying if that was it, there are of course challenging puzzles that one must overcome! No this is not some shooty shooty boom your heads gone kind of game, you must use actual  intelligence to play, in actuality a lot of the puzzles are somewhat obscure and at times nonsensical (that ties in well with the narrative and world so it doesn't hurt the games atmosphere or theme negatively). This could well be a problem for you if you don't like this sort of thing, but if you get too frustrated you can always look up a guide (did that on a few occasions not going to lie). It also has some very welcomed features such as double tapping arrows to fast travel to different areas or holding down space to view all objects/things in an area, I cannot stress enough how much time this can save you making the game flow much better and be less frustrating.Visuals/Sound:Since the art-style was the thing that drove me to playing this game I can wholeheartedly say it did it's job and it did it pretty damn good. Deponia manages to make a dirt ridden world filled with junk look vibrant and colorful, the characters also have quite memorable designs, such as the aforementioned egotist Rufus. On the auditory side of things the sound affects and music fit well with the lighthearted and comedic nature of the game, and the ""chorus guys"" medleys are catchy and fun. Perhaps one of it's greatest strengths are it's voice acting, Kerry Shale hit it out of the park with Rufus, and that's not to say the other voices are bad either, their all brilliantly casted and voiced.Story/Setting:The junk planet of Deponia is a very interesting setting, sure things have done it before but Deponia makes the small town of Kuvaq a joy to traverse, the eccentric townsfolk, mountains of junk and the art style contribute heavily to this. It also manages to establish an interesting universe? bunch of planets? or larger set-piece? by the end of the story teasing us with Elysium, Organon and a floating black market. The locations and their respective factions seem to be the main focus of the story although it starts towards the end of the game, primarily Deponia is an adventure and that is where it's story lies. It is Rufus's adventure, that has many unanswered questions that deserve some answers. Without spoiling too much the story made me want to carry on to find out Rufus's fate ... would he leave Deponia? Get the girl? be the hero?Writing:Deponia has some of the best writing iv'e seen in a video game for some time, this can range from the eccentric characters and customs that have formed from it's magnificent world, to the ego heavy monologues of Rufus. The fact that Rufus thinks he's intelligent, yet he isn't ... but we the player solve these difficult yet impractical problems as Rufus shows exactly how intelligent and an absolute fool he is at the same time which to me is an example of great character writing. The comedy is also fairly smart and witty at times such as when you find some straw in a stack of needles, or when Rufus is constantly prompted to berate a man he thinks is a pirate. I honestly could go on about how good the writing in this game is but I better finish up ....Conclusion:Deponia is like breathing fresh, clean spring air after breathing in diesel fumes for your whole life. It presents the player with a cast of fairly likable characters (unlike a lot of games which give you a skeleton, his only personality trait being he makes puns bout bones .... seriously why do people think this is good characterization). The writing is superb and made me laugh on a good few occasions, the art is great, voices are great, music is a tiny bit less than great .... but still good. And whats this .... this is part 1 of 3 .... oh boy can't I wait to play the rest of this series!The verdict, maybe if you've never been into Point and Click adventure games, or just aren't into them give Deponia a try anyway, it's funny, has good characters, and a promising tale to tell. The price is decent, but it goes on sale frequently so you can wait till it's like 99p which is well worth the price, alternatively and probably the smartest option is being all 3 in the complete journey edition, which also goes on sale fairly frequently for about £5!"
76561197989454779,Recommended,214340,11338829,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,AdrianG,"I just finished this game and loved it. The sense of humor was great, the puzzles challenging but fair, and the story thoroughly entertaining. It reminded me greatly of Day of the Tentacle in spirit. Highly recommend picking it up on sale or just if you're shopping for a good adventure game."
,Recommended,214340,9802470,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Stick EJ,You can't spell Deponia without pwn.
,Recommended,214340,8252346,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ryunigia❃,"quite a nice story, protoganist is bit of a *** , puzzles might require a certain amout of headbashing against unindentified objects in your room. but clearable without the use of walkthroughs (as did i huehue ^^) all in all worth buying if the discount is big enough x)"
76561198072599418,Recommended,214340,8295966,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LolliBell,So adictive! Need to buy the next one!
76561198025460975,Recommended,214340,8074806,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,KarmaChameleon,Fun Point & Click Adventure with nice animation and funny dialogue!
,Recommended,214340,7887562,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,BryanBlack 五二三,Fantastic trilogy! Awesome jokes and wonderful puzzles included.
76561198128522820,Recommended,214340,16195291,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Dan Classic,"These types of games aren't usually my thing, but I got this in a bundle so what the hey. Deponia is a point and click adventure game. It has some very cool art and interesting environments. The dialogue is funny and entertaining as well. If you go in for games in this genre, I feel like Deponia is a solid choice."
76561198055514437,Recommended,214340,15645441,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,tasogeorg,It is an awesome Point & Click game. At first sight it doesn't seem so difficult but after that I played it I changed my mind. The story is very interesting and funny. In my opinion you should buy this game especially if it is on discount. HUZZAH!!!
,Recommended,214340,29280310,Posted: 15 January,all,NishiLion,Deponia gives you a sense of nostalgia as it feels just like a late 90's/early 00's Point & Click. The story is good but the puzzles seem dragged out which makes the game longer than it should be.Easy 100%5.5/10 Literally Garbage
,Recommended,214340,8208532,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sandman,"A seriously entertaining point-and-click adventure game that is quite reminiscent of the Monkey Island series. Deponia features brilliant art direction, solid voice acting, and awesome soundtrack (Huzzah!). On the downside, like stated by many, the game isridiculouslyshort – I think it took like 5 hours in my first playthrough (apparently, this is the first installation of a trilogy, so fingers crossed for the next games). Even though the puzzles (which you can skip) are mostly fun, sometimes it gets quite tricky to find the right combination of items when you have to improvise – there were couple of instances where I gave up logic and instead tried every possible combination with the interactive objects. And when I finally figured them out, I was like “Seriously?Really?” But such instances were admittedly rare and definitely not the norm. On a somewhat surprising note, when I checked the texture compression option (which enables real-time compression), I started noticing a slight mouse lag and longer black screens during area transitions. Although it says that enabling that feature demands “high processing power”,  it’s funny to have a point-and-click gamelagon a machine that runs the likes of the Witcher 2 or Crysis 3 with high/ultra settings (then again, it could be Windows 8.1 acting up as usual). Overall, highly recommended."
,Recommended,214340,4260971,"Posted: 9 August, 2012",all,Xelios,"A humorous 2D point & click adventure in which you play as Rufus, an inhabitant of the low-tech, junkyard city of Deponia who dreams of escaping to the advanced city of Elysium in the sky.  Early on an Elysian girl falls to Deponia and he sees this as his opportunity.  The game suffers from a slow start, but the story picks up later with some suspense & a satisfying ending.Progression is based on multi-screen environments and an inventory system, including combining/McGyvering items. It's a mix of common sense, critical thinking and trial and error. There is occasional frustration with sequence or dialogue, but you can click for audio commentary/hints on most things and press a key to see all the hotspots on screen.Beautiful, hand drawn art at 1080p with a minimalist interface that never feels cumbersome or gets in the way of the art, has Steam achievements and is fully voiced."
,Recommended,214340,12253110,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Professor Portal,Remember the classic animated point-and-click adventures?  Well here it is again with updated mechanics and even more off-color humor.  Great story and lots of DLC to you laughing for months (assuming you're a really slow player).Gamers-Haven
76561198091878565,Recommended,214340,25835291,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Yracham,"I'm not a big fan of point-and-click games and the main character is despicable. However, I've finished it, so I'll recommend it for point-and-click lovers. I won't play the other ones, though."
76561198011933634,Recommended,214340,16058680,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,[moko],fun for some time specially for the price at the moment.
,Recommended,214340,27298861,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MxSpoike,"Crass, stupid, clever, hilarious; Deponia is a fantasic start to a fantastic series. One of the best point and click games; like a Humongous Entertainment game for adults. Not only does it have a good story, the puzzles are also fantastic. The only downside is that the protaganist isn't the most likeable, but he has charm."
,Recommended,214340,24955860,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,DarthDinkelbrot,"This game is my favorite Point and Click adventure ever. In fact, it*s one of my favorite games ever. Rufus is a lovable, but clumsy and egotistical Idiot and all Characters in this game are funny and rememberable. The Story is really damn enjoyable, the World makes for great puzzling ans is interesting and the Riddles are a very good match between weird, hard, funny and doable. And the Soundtrack. Every time i hear it i want to play it again. Wonderful Game by Daedalic."
76561198076743877,Recommended,214340,9823697,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Synthkat,I wanna just say that this game makes me smile as the old and glorious LucasArts adventure games. Great job!
76561198104601838,Recommended,214340,14197542,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Carina,"I recommend playing this game to everyone who has fun with riddles. Not only are these riddle (in my opinion) made in a perfect balance between solvable and hard, but the whole story is filled with jokes and hilarious dialogues.Compared to similar games, such as 'Edna: the breakout', this one has got slightly better graphics, but about the same gameplay: you can look at objects, pick them up, combine them etc. -sometimes all of these options are possible, sometimes they are not (yet).It still took me some time to realize that you do not have to watch Rufus loaf around the scene and can just double click to an exit to skip the walking.Gameplay hints or anything like that would have been very nice, but after a while, every ADHD-player figures it out by wildly clicking everywhere, so it's only a small drawback.Have lots of fun playing the game (and its sequels!)"
,Recommended,214340,17806478,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Stork,Never been into Point and Click games but this game is awesome! Great story and hard puzzles... at least for me.
,Not Recommended,214340,10647190,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,zehmie,"The main character is an unlovable piece of work. I get irritated just launching the game and looking at him, and so I can't find the motivation to finish the game. Perhaps he turns out to be some hero sort, but his current whiny, pompous self makes me feel so annoyed I can't ever see him being one short of being an ""accidental hero"" (at this point I hate him so much that that thought also annoys me). He is unsympathisable.In addition, I enjoy point-and-click puzzles when the puzzles are canon to the story and make sense (e.g. find the key, the key is with the guard, find a way to distract the guard). Puzzles in Deponia are more of those logic-puzzle based sort – whole lot of pattern recognition, switch flipping, make all the dots on the board green from red sort, which means sometimes the object you need isn't logically related to the task. It is overwhelmingly repetitive and feels pointless.If you're looking for a good adventure point-and-click, try Chains of Satinav instead, from the same developers. Superb artwork, top-notch voice acting, enthralling storytelling and most importantly puzzles that are innovative and logical to the storyline."
76561198024972696,Recommended,214340,15471304,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,DALCOhstangultion,"""Deponia"" is a pretty good point-and-click game.  The art work is very good, the humor tongue-in-cheek, and the voice-acting good.  Best of all, the puzzles are neither too hard (mostly - there were a few I needed guides for) nor too easy.  My only real gripe with the game is the protagonist, Rufus:  he's a jerk of the first order.  If there were more character growth in him as the game progressed, I'd have been happier.  But, it's just sort of irritating to have him constantly do really wrong things at every turn.  As for the value of the game, I spent about 17.5 hours on it (100% Achievements).  So, the current list price (about $20) might be considered a tad high.  If you find it on sale, I'd say go for it."
,Recommended,214340,9857945,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Noto,"It's a good game, overall. The selling point are the visuals and animation, and they're definitely great here."
,Recommended,214340,1727051,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,Grognard_87,"I have found that I have loved this game. As the trailer suggests, it's kind of like money island both in the cartoon animation (more so in reference to the third game) and it's also a world based on cartoon physics too.The jokes in this are very funny and even though the character is a egocentric character who cares only about himself, he does get beaten up a lot so you do kinda warm up to him, plus you do get a sense that there is more to his personality than meets the eye."
76561198019576097,Recommended,214340,33160253,Posted: 2 July,all,FullMetal,"One of the best point & click I've ever played. If you like dark/wierd humor this is a must buy.Unfortunately, a sale is strongly recommended, since there's no replay value here ( go for the bundle, 2 is amazing too)."
,Recommended,214340,19607853,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Kodiak-Rush,"If you were stuck on a planet filled with nothing but junk and surrounded by idiots you’d want to escape right? Well if so then this is the game for you.Help poor Rufus make his dream a reality and escape the junk ridden world of Deponia and make it all the way to the lofty heights of Elysium a floating city high above. And along the way meet a few new friends and enemies to boot. The story is pretty good and full of jokes and gags. I loved the writing and thought it was very well done. The characters are great too, each adding to the overall zaniness.Deponia is a point a click game and as such the gameplay is pretty standard for the genre. The puzzles are not overly challenging but you may well be stumped a few times on the journey but each and every time you figure it out you feel pretty darn good. Clicking on everything that seems interesting to find all the needed objects and combining items together to overcome every obstacle can be very satisfying.The game looks great; the art style is very unique and cartoony. Every set piece, character and item all fits nicely into the decaying world in which the game takes place. I loved exploring people’s homes and seeing what was used to build such wacky places. The game runs great, but as mentioned it’s a cartoon so there isn’t much the computer needs to generate. The game sounds great too; the music is fun and catchy. The sound effects are pretty comical and fit well in the title and every character is very well acted. I thought they all worked well together.Although not ground breaking or particularly long it is a thoroughly enjoyable title from start to finish. I had great fun with it. At full price it’s a little steep but that being said if you like point and click or love the way the game looks or the comedy then go ahead and dive in. For the rest of us I’d wait for a sale, but it’s worth a look and will give you a few laughs.Have fun ^_^"
76561197989457237,Not Recommended,214340,28540153,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Tjackjocke,"Alot of the time the combinations of items and what to do where feels more like trial and error than being nifty and smart. Also, for me, the humor is not really entertaining and is pretty immature. This is only a personal preference of course but much of the story is based around the main character's immature goofiness."
,Recommended,214340,14299862,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,~=СЯВА=~,Huz-za-a-a! Droggeljug!
,Not Recommended,214340,12201607,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,swiiing,"The first part of the game was actually quite a nice start. But as the game progresses and the story unfolds, the development wasn't really how I expect it to be. It made me hate the character I'm playing :| The puzzles are still okay, I guess. The going back and forth and the walking can be a little bit time consuming tho, sometimes I would sleep on it for awhile (_ _ ):| I think it's a shame that the game ends up as it is, when it can be much much better. Won't be buying the sequels, since the reviews are even worse that the first. If you want a taste of this game, just buy 'Deponia' . No more."
76561198066230928,Recommended,214340,23227118,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Kelthin,"Very funny story and characters.  And excellent Point-and-Click gameplay, very good use of dialog clues."
76561198038963412,Recommended,214340,10532493,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,C0untzer0,"10/10 may save the genre!Deponia is the first in a trilogy of point and click adventures from Daedalic Entertainment. If you enjoyed Monkey Island then the gameplay and humour here will be very famiiar to you. Voice acting is pretty decent for a budget indie, writing is good, and still funny when translated into English from their native German.It's pretty short, similar in length to one of the episodes from Tell-Tales Back to the Future, walking Dead, or the Monkey Island reboot, but currently on sale for a big reduction, do dive in!"
76561198082987387,Recommended,214340,27079659,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Tedwin-knockman66,Rufus blame for nuclear disaster 10/10
,Recommended,214340,9484242,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Doppelganger,Droggeljug  Droggle droggle drogglejug droggeljug droggeljug.droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug  droggeljugdroggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggledroggele / drogglejug
,Recommended,214340,34157437,Posted: 10 August,all,SleepingPandaa,10/10
,Recommended,214340,13382581,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Fairdot,"Great artstyle, great puzzles, great voice acting, great setting. Truely, a fantastic Point 'N' Click.However, although the puzzles padded out the game, the plot didn't catch up. Not too much happens. Well...NPCs give bits of lore, but the dialogue is unfortunately just repetetive banter with the protagonist. Although well written/translated, hearing the NPCs scold or embarrass the self-absorbed protagonist is justdull.The mosaic minigame was bugged and impossible to complete. Luckily, there was a skip option. Which, to be honest, makes all of the (few) minigames fruitless.If you've read all the above, it may seem like I am bashing the game. I'm not. Deponia, and its sequels, are a must-have for any patient gamer.And even Rufus manages to grow on you."
,Not Recommended,214340,30906650,Posted: 2 April,all,Gieterrr,"When i played this game for the first time I lost interest quickly. A while back I decided to give it another shot, but it was just as boring as i remembered it.I see a lot of comments about the quality of humor this game has to offer. Personally i don't get it; the jokes are predictable, drawn out, and cheesy. The voice acting's pretty good, but it doesn't compensate for the poor dialogue.The puzzles didn't make any sense to me. Hardly any clues are given for the solutions, which are abstract enough to require them. Usually it requires digging through every piece of (bad) dialogue of each character. Thank god for steam guides.I guess I'm in the minority of negative review, but that's exactly why i felt i had to write one. Be warned that this game isn't fun for everyone"
,Not Recommended,214340,11478097,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,TARS,"Point and click adventure game in my opinion stand on three pillars as a genre, narrative, game aesthetics and the puzzle complexity. If any of these pillars suffers it could entirely break the game and make a bland if not a terrible experience. This is what happened in Deponia with its narrative that just utterly failed the game's mostly good puzzle and aesthetic design. I just found that I was never engaged with the protagonist or the overall narrative which lead me to simply turn off the game on multiple occasions because I just got bored of the entire affair. The worst part was that even when I finally did finish the game I was given that utterly vapid void of an ending that brings closure to nothing and essentially demands that I play the next Deponia game to get a better picture of the narrative, which just isn't going to happen when I couldn't give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about anything going on to begin with.  I definitely saw the potential in Deponia and I saw the reasons people like it, but I can't in good conscious bring myself to anything other than warn people not to play this game. This is something that I hate to do to game's since I'm a big adherent to the philosophy that a game can be good regardless of how long it is, but for 19.99 a six hour experience just isn't good value for money for the player and that isn't acceptable in my opinion especially when its a mediocre experience at best.If you want to read a more detailed review you can find it over here on my blog:http://mouseandcontroller.blogspot.com/2014/07/deponia.html."
76561198172049809,Not Recommended,214340,31138167,Posted: 14 April,all,Tin-Tin,"I’m certain I have finished this game but I was so bored and frustrated by the game I can’t really remember. I know and appreciate that many people enjoy this game, I really wanted to like it as it was my first attempt at seriously getting into point and click style games. The plot was lost on me at the very beginning, the dialogue was painful at best and all the characters annoyed me. I know there are a few other people who have a similar view as me, and I respect that other people love this game, I would recommend playing some via a friend’s accounts if they have it or watching videos and just seeing if you can enjoy the game before buying it. I KNOW IT IS ON SALE ALL THE TIME BUT PLEASE SEE HOLD OFF AND SEE IF YOU LIKE IT, for me it was like slow death by a cheese greater."
,Not Recommended,214340,33463595,Posted: 11 July,all,King Link,"So Deponia....Let's take two people. One is a guy who's trying to be a master pirate, and the other is a guy who wants to leave a dying world to go to a better world.  Which of these guys would be more likable?Well the first is Guybrush Threepwood of Monkey's Island,. and the second is Rufus of Deponia, and surprisingly Rufus is the unlikable character, but I'm getting ahead of myself.Rufus stars in Deponia, a technically proficient and beautiful game.  Deponia is about a world called Deponia, and Rufus, a man who wants to go to a magical place called Elysium, and no it's not the afterlife, and no it's not based off that film Elysium in 2013, though kind of the same plot.The difference between Elysium the movie and Deponia, is Rufus is unlikable and Matt Damon is one of the most charismatic actors out there.   Oh we're back to that again.  Well let's deal with it.You see, the problem with Deponia is that the comedy kind of centers around Rufus being well... I think any word I used about him would be censored.  At the beginning of the game, you see him make some poor judgements and you think he's a dope.  He's a bit of an jerk to the person he's living with but she's a bit of a jerk back so maybe it's just a situation of a roommate you don't like.But from there on... well Rufus just doesn't seem to get along with anyone.  It's not that he's a troublemaker, or at least it's not only that, he just seems to constantly be snarky with everyone to the point where he's a ... another name for a donkey.You see in games like this such as Monkey's Island, the main character works in a morally grey area, usually picking up everything they can and using it together to accomplish a goal.  Quite often the game shows that the player's actions can be seen as deviant or criminal, but they're necessary to proceed, they work towards a goal.On the other hand Rufus delights in all the misery he causes.  He laughs at times when he's doing awful actions, he directly hurts people, and snickers about it.  This isn't a ""I have to do this"" but rather a ""I enjoy doing this"" moment, and it's not exactly actions the player enjoys either so... Rufus comes off as unlikable.  Others have pointed out misogynistic tones in the character or game, and they exist, but the way Rufus treats everyone is just poor.Now that the main character is out of the way, what about the game itself.Well it's a point and click adventure, and I have to admit there's some clever moments in the game, but quite often you have a huge inventory of items, and no hint on what's the next thing to do.  There's points where you have a drill, a knife, a syringe and more, and often times you need to use a specific item to complete a task, but which item?  The game rarely gives you a hint.  Sadly there's a lot of trial and error required with this game and oftentimes that means use every item with every item and one will hopefully click.On the other hand if you miss something, well you're going to be out of luck.  There's very little hinting on the item.  For the first hour of the game, the game keeps the locations you need to visit to a minimum, but then once you meet the girl in the game (called Goal... yeah maybe there's something to the idea the game is misogynist) the game opens up and now there's tens of locations.The good news is there's a button that shows you all the interactable items on a screen, but again.  Use all your items on all the other items and hope you hit on the right combo quickly.    Or use a guide.And eventually you're probably going to have to use a guide or try entirely too many wrong combinations.The other issue I have with the game is the walk speed in the game is slow.   You can warp between rooms but just watching the main character walk between point a and point b is kind of a drag.  In other games the player might not move when an incorrect selection was made and just drop a clever quip or just ""I can't do that"" In this game, the character walks between the two points to even just look at an object, and this is a slow process.I mentioned before the game is beautiful and technically impressive, and it is, but the walk cycle could have been quicker.  A beautiful game will get duller the more times you have to look at the same location or object, and Deponia doesn't do enough to keep that beauty from being dulled by the main character, the slow walk speed, or just the obtuse puzzles.So I wouldn't recommend Deponia, I won't be picking up the sequels, but I can recommend some good point and click games to also consider.  Grim Fandango, Day of the Tentacle, Secret of Monkey's Island and machinarium are all rather good point and click games.  Deponia isn't a horrible game, but it's just that I have trouble recommending it because I just don't like it... but that's the thing, with Rufus as a main character, I'm not sure I'm supposed to like it."
,Not Recommended,214340,8586148,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Lyrian,"I thought I would like this game because it had good reviews and was compared to the Monkey Island series. Instead we have a game that's misogynist, transphobic and obtuse with a main character so unlikeable that I just gave up on the game. I didn't care about the fact that it had hard puzzles or ones that made no sense. I was expecting that, but Rufus is such a♥♥♥♥♥♥that I'm sad I even spent two bucks on this game. You can tell that they put a lot of work into it. I love the art in the game, I like the way that it looks and it sounds (voice acting aside), but... I just can't get past how juvenile and bigoted the humour is. Maybe that's the point. Maybe it's trying to be ironic in the way of South Park by being absolutely horrible for comedic effect and to draw attention to how stupid these tropes/stereotypes/etc sound.But the problem with Deponia trying to do that? It's not funny. The jokes fall flat, the dialogue gets painful to listen to and I have never wished so much that there was a big cliff that I could just throw Rufus off over and over again."
,Not Recommended,214340,20096751,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,laker,"Disclaimer: This is just for people who don't play Adventure games and are trying to get into them.I don't think this one will help you. It didn't help me.I don't usually play adventure games but when I do ... I don't.I was really looking forward to Deponia. Because of the graphic style and because of the humor. And it was fun at first.BUT: Then came the Adventuring part. Taking everything you see, trying to combine it and somehow figure out how to use something on something else. At first I've tried to figure everything by myself. Later I've started to look at the guide, here and there. And after a while I've found myself looking at it more or less constantly. Those things just don't make any sense to me. I don't know why would I knock out a parrot with laughing gas and I don't know what I would do with him afterwards.I don't doubt that Deponia is a great game. For people who like adventure games. But if you don't like adventure games, Deponia isn't for you despite how gorgeous it looks, how funny it can be, and how great the voice acting is.I'm really sad that I couldn't enjoy it. But I won't play game by reading a guide."
76561198024980613,Not Recommended,214340,11054678,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Inky_Petrel,"While the art is cool, and the world concept is a fun one, the gross sexism in this game made it completely horrible to play.  Female characters are only there as a joke or a quest, and the writing continually enforces this attitude.   Hell, the main female character is CALLED Goal.  *eyeroll*  And the driving force for Rufus is to win her.As well as this, Rufus constantly tells us that cleaning is a woman's role (specifically his ex Toni) and that ""girly things"" are beneath  him.  There's also a trans woman played as a joke (""ha ha look at the big man in a dress""  Yeah, no, not actually funny.)Clearly this is all meant to be funny, and to endear Rufus to us as a ""charming rogue"".  A clue, it doesn't, he isn't.  He's a creeper, and the way he acts towards the unconcious/brain damaged Goal is creepy, gross, bordering on rapey.  His friend Wendel is also nasty.    The whole game has a greasy vibe.It's a real shame, because technically it's not a bad game.  The movement is a bit slow and clunky, and it can be frustrating to get from one point to another,  but otherwise it does okay.  I would have been interested to play similar games if the whole thing didn't leave me feeling like I needed a shower.  As it is, don't bother.  Spend your money on a game that gives its female characters some agency, and its male characters some redeeming character traits.So very glad I got this on sale, not worth it."
,Not Recommended,214340,7866022,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Pirateguybrush,"I wanted to like this one.  The art is stylish and charming, and the premise is interesting.  However the main character was utterly unlikeable, the puzzles (mostly) poorly designed, the voice acting mediocre at best, and the humour falls flat (not to mention being fairly sexist a lot of the time).Steer clear."
,Recommended,214340,11809340,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,S_C_S_I,"Deponia is a point-and-click adventure reminiscent of the infamous Monkey Island series. The game is part of a trilogy (Deponia -> Chaos On Deponia -> Goodbye Deponia). You play Rufus, the archetypical anti-hero whose bad jokes are only matched by his failed attempts to leave his junk covered planet Deponia. While the story unfolds you will be busy searching that single missing item to progress, creating thought provoking item combinations and solving mind boggling puzzles. All-in-all an entertaining game, but certainly not up to par with Monkey Island. Good enough to start playing Chaos On Deponia. :)Score: 7/10Pro:+ nice cartoonish look & feel+ entertaining story+ decent voice acting+ absurd humourContra:- bad humour- clicking feels so 1990... ;)"
,Recommended,214340,10004125,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Misaki ♡,"This is the first adventure puzzle game that I really enjoy playing, I like the story it's very funny, the graphics are just amazing and it has the best tutorial ever. Highly recommended for those who love point & click games."
,Recommended,214340,10831744,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Stranger,"Awesome point'n'click adventure looking to be compared to the old 2D classics such as the Monkey Island series (1-3) and the Lucas Arts ones. Doesn't even hide their influence, which is good, for the puzzles are good, the humor involved is hilarious (well... if you're not very sensitive) and the graphics... Oh, the graphics! Beautiful hand drawn backgrounds, fitting colours and the funky animation just takes me back 20 years, when these games were thriving. Also the songs are fantastic.Aside from a couple bugs (which have been all but fixed) I recommend it 100 %. If you like adventure games, you won't be disappointed. Parts 2 and 3 (Chaos on Deponia and Goodbye Deponia) follow in it's steps too."
,Recommended,214340,15976651,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,maplemiracle,"BEFORE ANYTHING ELSE: IF YOU DOUBLE CLICK ON THE EXITS, YOU WILL MOVE TO THE NEXT SCREEN IMMEDIATELY, YOU DON'T HAVE TO WAIT FOR RUFUS TO WALK ALL THE WAY!Hopefully this will get a chance to help people, I had the hardest time watching Rufus all the way across the center of the town.I think this is another great piece of work from Daedalic Entertainment. Wonderful artwork and music as always. Difficult puzzles but nothing out of the unexpected if you have played any games from Daedalic.At the beginning, the plot may seem a bit confusing since the setting does not get explained further on into the story. It's kind of hard to grasp the concept of Deponia and Elysium until later of the story. The first half of the game may seem a bit boring but the story is amazing if you could hold onto it until the very end.What I do find interesting is that the protagonist is not your usual all-mighty or pure-hearted wonderful person. Rufus is an a-hole that does not have a job and nor does he appreciate his ex's help. Unfortunately the story does not tell into too much of Rufus past and explain why he may have became like that. Hopefully I will have time to play Chaos in Deponia very soon to find out more."
,Recommended,214340,16104050,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,KfurMan,I have one thing to say about this gameHOLY BALLS THIS GAME IS GOODThis is one of the most fun Experience i had in a loooooooooong time
76561197998693547,Recommended,214340,8075632,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,petunias,Great game!
,Recommended,214340,11802177,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Matt,A really great game thats a start to a great trilogy.  I do have issues with the puzzles - sometimes they are way too literal or dont make logical sense.  The voice acting is pretty good but the lip syncing is terrible.  I am very intrigued as to where this series goes and I will absolutely be playing the next one.  Definetely recommended - playthrough took me about 8 hours.  I only used a guide once or twice to find a missing item or missing solution.Edit:  I also want to confirm that I also used an achievement guide - purely because I dont want to play adventure games twice and I hate missable achievements.
,Recommended,214340,25029104,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Caparol,Droggeljug!
,Recommended,214340,25664009,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Pahhur,"Really fun and clever game, worth the price, but you might just want to go for the completed saga version that is out now."
,Recommended,214340,7659036,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,Nai,"Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, and Goodbye Deponia are point and click adventure games of old with a set of truly beautiful scenes and music.  The game and its series aims for classless humor and heavy amounts of schadenfreude.   If you're sensitive to any civil rights, human rights, animal rights, rights for the infirm, and rights of the wrongly convicted, you're likely to get offended at some point in this series.You play as Rufus, a perpetual underdog that doesn't really seem to grasp that he's the underdog.  While he can be hard to relate to at times, especially in his moments of abscent minded cruelty, he has his good moments.The female lead character is cheekedly called 'Goal,' which an obvious jab at other games where the female lead characters are often 'finish lines' rather than anything meaningful.  She stays true to her name throughout a fair bit of the first game, but becomes a living character towards the end of the first, and throughout the second and third games.Deponia itself is a giant junkyard underneath a utopia-like society, not unlike worlds of Astroboy, and Battle Angel Alita, and Rufus is absolutely a man of his world.  The series is a long stream of ""connect the odds and ends to make things work"" like many other games in the genre, and the theme of the game fits perfectly in the genre.Ultimately, it's a fun ride.  The story and the humor, much like the ""water"" in Deponia, might leave a strange taste in your mouth, but its worth investing your time in."
76561198037346258,Recommended,214340,8113772,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Surocko,Best game I have played in a while. Definitely pick it up if you can!
,Recommended,214340,7390552,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Llobster,"Great puzzles, great art, great voice acting, great sense of humor.  The only problem is that the first third of the game gets bogged down with a slow start to the story involving a giant meta-puzzle, that while well crafted isn't too interesting.  The main character evolves by the end of the game from someone you can't really stand to someone you really want to see succeed.  One of the better point and click adventures to come out in a while and absolutely should not by missed by fans of the genre."
,Recommended,214340,8017305,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DJKyzer,Fun and beautiful Point-and-Click Indie Adventure game. Good humour and has spawned two sequels to boot. I'd recommend anything by Daedalic Entertainment - If you like Point-and-Click or you just enjoy a giggle now and again.
,Recommended,214340,16290102,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,"This is so difficult I love it! And obviously great story, comic style and neat graphics make it one of the best point and click game out there!"
76561198286145634,Recommended,214340,28797598,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,chloesky,Great game with good graphics and funny storyline
,Recommended,214340,29360652,Posted: 19 January,all,c2xs,great storyline
,Recommended,214340,25900104,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,US_Marine,Great gameplay and great humor! It cracked me and was a lot of fun to play!
,Recommended,214340,10682858,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Viktor Parnassia-palustris,"Droggeljug? Droggeljug, droggeljug. Droggeljug!!! Droggeljug.Droggeljug: 10/10!"
76561198098448281,Not Recommended,214340,29344578,Posted: 18 January,all,MutedNachos,"Difficult to find the words to express how this game is unsatisfying. It pretends to be brilliant as a monkey island, but is flat, with a few weak jokes and the puzzles are totally non-sense. Really a product which appears appealing, clever and exciting, but is a fraud. I could not expect such a bad game. Even the soundtrack is annoying. So, in a nutshell, my feedback is: WESTED MONEY!"
,Not Recommended,214340,12186262,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"When this game showed up on my radar, it had *sooo* much potential to be the next Monkey Island. While it doesn't completely fall short, it does enough wrong to not get my vote.Pros:-Art style is really polished.-Music (especially intro) is surprisingly good.-Length is about what point-and-click adventures should be.-The idea of calling a trilogy from the begining is a great idea.Cons:-I need my point-and-click adventures to be more or less logic driven. What I mean is that the items I try to use to solve the problem should make some sort of sense (even if it is quite tangential). This game suffers very badly from matching up logic to solve problems. Alot of the time it ends up being random clicking that gets you through. This is not very satisfying.-There is some sort of language barrier as some of the jokes are questionable lol. I find it funny but I would be willing to bet that the humor/script was written for another culture (I am located in North America).I also played the second game in the trilogy, and will not be visiting the third. Not a complete waste of time, but there are better games out there (plus I payed the full 20$ asking price)."
,Recommended,214340,16127964,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Zetsabre,"Interesting & Funny  StoryGood GraphicsFun to play (well may be a bit stressful puzzle when u can't solve it, but when u able to solve u will be happy)Who knows what u can create something with junk :v?Well u can find it on Deponia~oh...and the voice over also great (y)"
76561198099515649,Recommended,214340,28725998,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,[VKS] Putinka,Amazing game with a catching and funny story!
76561198077538197,Recommended,214340,20233833,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,VandriX,I haven't been through the whole game but It's a good game so far.I'm just not into point and click games.Othewise the graphics are very good and the storytelling awesome.
,Recommended,214340,24135110,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Ted,"yeah, why not."
,Recommended,214340,16088733,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Pandalion,"I love love love love point and click games no matter how frustrating they may get when you get stuck for awhile.  I saw that this was on sale for 99 cents and I figured if it wasn't good i wouldn't lose out.  It was a very clever game with such an interesting world and I can't wait to play the other two.    There were a few glitches with the game and sometimes the subtitles weren't translated to English, but I only noticed that about four times.  Other than that the story was solid and the characters super quirky. :3"
,Recommended,214340,16938886,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Shu! Go Away,"HUZZAH, the chorus guys rule !!!Awesome music, very fun puzzler.Add to cart"
76561198282033422,Recommended,214340,27352177,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MDimnida,"Really enjoys this game, the graphics are brilliant and it's quite funny. You can't help yourself to like Rufus! However, the objectives aren't always clear and it takes quite a bit of digging to figure out."
,Recommended,214340,27281543,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Eidle,"Great adventure game, story is fun, setting is interesting, characters dialogue is good. Overall a really great classis point and click style adventure."
76561198109855248,Recommended,214340,10386653,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DARKWATCH,One of the best clicky game's ever
,Recommended,214340,18077657,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Grimtongues,"Overall, I enjoyed Deponia.  The puzzles were challenging without being too obtuse, and there were plenty of clues.  The voice acting is good, and Rufus has something sarcastic to say about every little thing.I'm looking forward to playing the sequels.8/10"
,Recommended,214340,535929,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,smokers | Takos,"If you have a pulse, and even a bit of humor inside of you, you gotta play this game.I am not one to love point-click-interact games, but this one blew me away.Great comical visuals, a hilariously egocentric main character, and so many bad jokes my stomach hurts from laughing."
,Recommended,214340,33329969,Posted: 6 July,all,CrippledArms,"*Puts a mirror on a skel* Oh wait I should clean that right? *clicks to get it back*Rufus: 'Too high, can't reach'Boy Rufus I think you're the one that's too high and you're lucky I can't reach yo dumbass turtle neck and strangle you till you comply.Good game, Love it"
,Recommended,214340,33878537,Posted: 29 July,all,Lomander,One of the greatest games I´ve ever played!
,Recommended,214340,35003023,Posted: 16 September,all,Dr.Larry,"Oh man, flicking through my library and seeing this game and the sequels I can't help but have fond memories of my playthrough.It probably took me about 6 or so hours to beat but it was great. It's games like Deponia that really remind you why adventure games were such a huge genre back in the day while also making you feel a bit sad when you realise the genre is pretty much seen as a niche now. Understandable given games have evolved to be more action orientated and less focused on delivering a story or strong narrative but that's not to say there still isn't a place for adventure games to shine.Deponia is definitely one of those games that shines and brings the genre to the forefront. It's got a great cast, some really good voice acting and great writing. The puzzles, however... They're not that great. They do fit the quirky theme and setting but they're very random, very frustrating and you will most likely find yourself looking at a guide every now and then if not you're left with mixing all sorts of random items together in random areas and picking up things you didn't think you could pick up to combine with some of the weirdest things ever.To put into scope how weird and how out there some of these puzzles are, there's one in particular where you have to get in a crane and operate it. When you fix it and put everything in it you're missing one last step but the game never hints at what it is, Rufus simply voices that something isn't right. What it turns out to be is the skeleton sitting in the seat before had it's leg up behind the seat so, what you have to do is grab the skeleton's leg, jam it behind the seat(After removing the skeleton) and then operate the crane. That's how crazy and how confusing some of the puzzles can be in this game.Other than that it's one of the best adventure games to date in my opinion. I loved the characters, the story was good -- it was no Tolken epic now -- and interesting enough and the world, it's setting and the atmosphere was fantastic. It did a good job of delivering a somewhat slapstick, chilled experience which I loved about it.Great game, well worth picking up for the price it is now although the complete edition(Includes the first three games) is on sale regularly enough for about €15 so if you think you might be interested just pick that version up as it includes everything bar the very last game.Absolutely recommend this if you're at all looking for anything that resembles an adventure game. Worth the €9.99 for the first game alone."
,Recommended,214340,12722385,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,I'm a unicorn,"good quality and history. funny moments. lightness.these words that are 100% fit for this game.this is a good quest. one of the best for me, since I do not like the quests.but this game is worth the money and time spent on this game.Deponia is addictive. start play , and you don`t want to stop.all times empathize Rufus.Buy Deponia. i promise, you will not9/10"
76561198002717646,Recommended,214340,13324509,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Lord Isildur,"Best game I've played in years. If you liked the Curse of Monkey Island, you'll love Deponia. Same clumsy, messy, hilarious protagonist. Great sense of humor, awesome graphics/drawings, fantastic music, witty plot, and challenging logical puzzles. 10/10, brings the FUN(ny) back to gaming"
,Recommended,214340,14859255,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,VeryBadPing,"It's a really beautifull point&click. It's a funny story line in a weird world. A few puzzles aren't casual and will force you to really think about them. It made me recall monkey's island and to play an anti-hero is most of the time really funny. There is content, it's not a rip off: when I thought it was finished, it was actually 1/3 of the full game. The character design is, in my opinion, very well done, meaning they succeeded to flesh out them. Definitely worth it."
,Recommended,214340,15109811,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Akito Dandelion,"Sorry, but the game doesn't work. It's onlyopeand i see the message ""Init failed, could not load game. There is no game file or the game file is corrupted. For more info view messages.log"" What is themessages.log?If it is  file I couldn't find it? I download this game from Steam. Help me"
,Recommended,214340,15126541,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Kastànja,"+ The story was great.+ Art style.- Length. I played the game in about 7 hours, which is a bit short, but it's not that bad really considering it's an indie game.? The main character Rufus. He's kinda jerk most of the time and some people might dislike Deponia for that reason.I got this game on Steam sale for a couple of euros. For that price I would definitely recommend Deponia if you have even the slightest interest in point and click games."
,Recommended,214340,15411814,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,🔪,> Protagonist said he had herpes> I didn't care10/10 would hear him say it again
76561198002895343,Recommended,214340,16491177,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Kuroi_Sergio,Very good game!
,Recommended,214340,25083585,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Onizuka,"Although I can't say I'm a fan of point and click, I can still appreciate the effort and artistry that went into this project.  It's good for those who enjoy the genre but for people expanding their library I wouldn't recommend it unless it's on sale.  Story rich and nice designs for art/sound but feels like a childrens game at times due to the simplistic nature and cartoony vibes.  Again if you like point and click then you will probably enjoy this but just not my cup of tea."
76561198175497401,Not Recommended,214340,28896464,Posted: 1 January,all,Wulvric,"Either I'm too stupid or this game is just ridiculous because I constantly look up some guides on the internet. There are lots of trick to finish each stage of the story which I could never figure out myself because the steps are (I repeat) ridiculous. But hey as I said, maybe I'm just too stupid."
76561198041276147,Not Recommended,214340,17907065,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,TheKingKez,"The puzzles are good, aside from a few that seem too obscure even for an adventure game, the art is amazing and the plot is solid. However, the characters and dialogue ruin the whole experience from me, and in a game where you have to talk to everyone to get clues and hints, it seems like a huge failing/The protagonist is terribly unlikable, and though that is the point of his character, it's not pulled off well. He's grating and annoying the entire time, rather than any kind of funny or charming. Most of the side characters are average-to-annoying, though it can't go unnoticed that the only 3 women that actually appear are 'naggy ex', 'man-in-a-dress joke' and Goal, who could basically be replaced with an attractive suitcase at any given time.So basically, if you're just in it for the puzzles, great. If you want something deepers, eh, try something else."
,Recommended,214340,1647487,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Heimdall,Охренительный квест в лучших традициях лукасартовской школы. К прохождению обязателен.
,Recommended,214340,8197369,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Rabcor,"This game is decent. But the only good reason to play it is to be able to continue it in the ""really"" good game ""Chaos on Deponia"".One thing about these game series though, is that a lot of the puzzles are (completely) nonsensical so i recommend having a walkthrough on hand if you get stuck."
76561198042282626,Recommended,214340,13376321,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,karac madness,"great experience and rich story.great humor and most annoying main character, you'll happen to fell in love at the end of trilogy."
,Recommended,214340,22561918,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,dyle71,"This is a fun adventure. You play Rufus who just want to get to Elysium and off Deponia, a planet full of dump and waste. The planet is thought to be uninhabited and ought to be destroyed by the Organon. But as it happens one of your tries to escape the planet had actually succeed in landing on an Organon cruiser. You and accidentally also the girl Goal from Elysium are dropped again on the planet’s surface. Your task is to a) save Goal, b) get Goal to Elysium to report that there is still life on Doponia and c) get yourself off the planet.This can’t be hard, could it? Well it is. Since Rufus, your character, is a blighter, boaster, a loafer, which always exaggerated the opinion of himself. He can’t do nothing good and his tries to get off the planet as well as his inventions usually end up in total catastrophes. This is stuff for a lot of funny conversations and hilarious dialogues. The (german) voice acting is brilliant.The planet, its people and also Rufus do entertain and are not without sympathy. The riddles are sometimes quite hard to solve and I did some by pure trial & error (which is no good).Controlling the game is clever made, the scenarios are nice drawn and there is no room for a technical reproach.8/10."
76561198158116673,Recommended,214340,26638421,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,G Wett,"Good story, some of the puzzles are a little bizzare tho 9/10 great series gotta get that sweet goal booty"
,Recommended,214340,26647414,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,Riyo,"awesome, love it."
,Recommended,214340,26782570,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Poggy,ver fun game and nice story
76561198115634971,Not Recommended,214340,29760789,Posted: 7 February,all,Aru369,"Annoying main character. Game did not lure me in to story at all. There is a lot more to play than this.Only good part about this game, that it runs on my really weak laptop. That's all."
,Not Recommended,214340,29370378,Posted: 19 January,all,Octuplex,"While I like the world that the game builds and I adore the art, I can't stand the main character. He's portrayed like a lovable scamp, but throughout the series he's destroyed things that are dear to their owners, toyed with the lives of his friends, stolen things, ruined people's livelihoods, and on more than one occasion, killed people's pets. While he does get comeuppance when his plans inevitably fail, The fact that we're supposed to be rooting for this unlikable sociopath puts me off these games.Perhaps it's just a cultural boundary, but every time he takes a tumble I wish the game would just smash cut to his obituary."
,Recommended,214340,30514774,Posted: 14 March,all,Mr Took,Literally my favourite game of all time. At least look you if you haven't. It's humour is on point.
,Recommended,214340,32650323,Posted: 22 June,all,ByAk,-Amazing story-Nice graphicsI really enjoyed it
76561198085508606,Recommended,214340,25621392,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,BattlePope,An all-round excellent Point'n Click adventure.  Easily the best of the fist three gamres.5/5
,Not Recommended,214340,24343180,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Misterio,"The Artstyle and dubbing is really good, and the story is engaging.The problem is (I'm not sure if it's just me), but this game is WAY too hard to complete without reading a guide (Which makes it boring). It just seems that you have to randomly try everything to progress and, at least for me, this makes the game much less fun.This might just not be my kind of game, but i wouldn't recommend it unless you're willing to play it using a guide."
76561198131891179,Not Recommended,214340,20875001,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Apfelkomplott,"I don't recommend this game. It's pretty boring, the story isn't well written at all, the protagonist is really annoying and it's just plain sexist (the protagonists love interest is called ""Goal"" and a bunch of guys fight over her while she's in a coma...'nuff said)"
,Not Recommended,214340,22928225,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,1yynx,"If you're looking for a stinking bath to dip yourself in, you have found your way.Painful overusage of tropes makes this a waste of your time. Please don't buy it if you're at all concerned about what kind of media you spend your time on.The protagonist of this game is horrible. The puzzle logic is horrible. The plot is flat. The worst part of this all is that the game is concious of all of the above but either chooses to ignore it, or critiques it in such a way that it's not a critique anymore but a mockery. Theft, absurd sexism, transphobia, animal abuse, abuse of persons and tools, ignorance, shallow remarks and little to no actual substance or even sparks of intelligence are present, all wrapped in a neat, attractive bundle of vague definition of what the devs concidered ""fun"". Non of this is particularly visual (except animal abuse), but it leaves a bad taste in your mouth for quite a while. It's hard to believe that someone could talk proudly about this game as their work. After stong references to Machinarium I am nothing but disappointed.This kind of animation, voice acting and soundtrack deserved better imho."
,Recommended,214340,10833667,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Larania,Droggelug! Droggeljug!
,Not Recommended,214340,641702,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,MX OneFive,"Really a rather terrible adventure game.  Once you get past the cute graphics you realize the puzzles are illogical messes, the story is uninteresting, the main character completely unlikeable and the rest don't really deserve to use the word ""character"".  Everyone's so bland.  The voice acting is okay, which is good because not all of the English text localization was complete and the game often throws batches of German at you.  Who thought it would be a good idea to make the main character such a complete jackass?"
76561198368709707,Recommended,214340,34710862,Posted: 3 September,all,ian,gg
76561198108192387,Recommended,214340,12438008,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Psycho-Isze,"Un dessin-animé point and click bien ficelé. Certes les énigmes sont un peu tirées par les cheveux mais bon ça reste fun, bien animé et pas trop buggé.Par contre c'est un premier épisode. Le jeu n'est pas fini hein, je vous aurais prévenu!A prendre en promo."
,Recommended,214340,10821446,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GaNjAlF 3ö~,A beautiful an funny point and click adventure.
,Not Recommended,214340,8778085,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,deeLaw,"Installed it, played it, and uninstalled all within 2 hours. I started up the game already having graphical glitches. The buttons  in the main menu were covered by other parts of the screen, my mouse was a small dot, had to find my way through the menu. I get into the tutorial  and future actions begin occurring ALL OVER the screen (more graphical glitches) and what a clunky tutorial it was. Then I get into the actual game and 3/4 of my screen is covered in the face/body of the main character. This game is a huge waste of money 5/5 it was okay."
76561198080592548,Recommended,214340,30423987,Posted: 10 March,all,BlueTurtle,Click everything until something happens10/10
76561198020990330,Recommended,214340,30742292,Posted: 25 March,all,HANZIE,"A fun little point n' click. Great visuals, music, voice acting with fun and witty humor. I can't wait to play the others in the series."
76561197991765695,Not Recommended,214340,12457248,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,koberko,"As fan of adventure games, and one who has grown up on Monkey Island series and later games like Full throttle and Sanitarium, I was excited about playing this game... until 5 minutes in, when I got stuck first time. Ok, I google-it, found solution and continue on... for next 5 min, until I got stuck AGAIN! And after looking up on google for solution once more, I figured out system how this game works; enter area, play pixel hunting to find all clickable items so that you can collect them, then try out all items from inventory on all noncollectable items in that room, and if that doesn't work, then try to combine all items in your inventory one with another till you get new item. When you craft new item, try him out with everything in room, and then with everything in your inventory (because sometimes you have to combine more items to get something useful)... And if after all of that, you didn't do anything that will progress story further on, go to next area and repeat procedure. And you have to do all of that due to twisted and borderline insane logic behind all puzzles in this game, so there is very little things that will be logical at first (or ever).So, does that sound like fun? For me it didn't... So I grabbed first walk-trough I found online, and finished game with it, and that makes me sad because characters (except main character), visuals, humor, animation and atmosphere are wonderful... Shame.And I really can't say that I liked main character in this game (he is borderline sociopath); maybe they intended to do that, but It just make me dislike him in general, and If I don't like main character, I tend to like game less (this is personal preference, so take that that in consideration). And there are some questionable moral agendas in this game regarding females....Overall, I don't recommend this game, due to insane puzzles that barely make any sense, and they reduce game to tedious clicking and trying out everything on everything until you make something new.Score: 4/10"
76561197997829089,Not Recommended,214340,23993439,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Tinky,"Lots of backtracking, same old environment the entire game, it gets tiresome pretty fast. The puzzles are of those that makes no sense either which i dont like. I dont want to rely on luck just to be able to advance, But if you dont mind that then i guess its an ok point n klick adventure!"
,Not Recommended,214340,7972577,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TheKarpuk,"I'll fully admit I bought this for the art style. In that regard, Deponia is exactly what it advertises. The chunky, eccentric designs of characters and backgrounds really brings this game to life.And that's where the praise ends.The big issue here is the writing, and it commits what is, to me, the greatest sin. It's trying to be funny. The jokes come at you on a regular basis. But I did not laugh once in my entire playthrough. Perhaps it's because of the mean nature of much of the humor, or it's a style that just doesn't carry over in translation, but most of the time the characters just seemed unlikable and mean-spirited.My thought is that if you don't get laughs, stop it. Just stop it. Tell a story, be earnest in your delivery, drop all the affected attempts at hilarity. Maybe then they could have spent more time on the puzzles, which range from arbitrary to insulting.There's a puzzle where you literally have to make an association between the house a person lives in and what their hat is, because three people all have headgear that looks like their occupation. It's that sort of backwards engineered idiot puzzle that makes people give up on adventure games. It has to be logical, sensible but not obvious, or the player will just give up.This is the sort of series I'd rather view through one of those ""Let's Play"" Youtube series, but preferrably with the sound off."
76561198045148402,Not Recommended,214340,32120145,Posted: 1 June,all,JZStudios,"This game just has too many issues and things to dislike.On the plus side, the music, visuals, and voice acting are all quite good. The spacebar also highlights selectable items in the world, which makes things a bit easier.I had/noticed some technical issues where the mouse would register the wrong click or not register at all. The subtitles are full of typos, despite being translated by a London based group and being voice acted. Those are small issues and easy to overlook, but the story and characters are not.The story is barebones as can possibly be, and is still not explained much. You get the what, but not the who or why. It makes it just feel like a super generic bad guy and you really just don't care. It's pretty evident that they expected to make a series, further reinforced by the cheesy question mark after the end. I'd like to give a synopsis, but it would take about 2 sentences and cover the entire story. [spoileri]You play Rufus, an unlikeable character who just wants to get off his trash heap planet to a floating space station named Elysium. During his failed attempt he knocks a girl off a vessel... thing, who turns out to be the fiance of the main bad guy who wants to blow up the planet.[/spoileri] There's literally no explanation at all, and the villian is just about the same level as Dr. Robotnik, not even close to Bowser.There's also a third group of... androids?... Maybe? They're called metal beards at one point and seem to be magnetic, but this is just something else with zero explanation.None of the characters are flushed out enough to care about any of them, much less the one character you're stuck with the whole game.  Rufus is terrible. He makes a few quips that can be humurous, but for the most part just cries and whines about having to do literally anything. The entire game, along with other characters constantly shove it in your face about how much you don't care about his whiny self centered personality, but only seems to idolize it and makes no attempts to change it. [spoileri]He has no redeeming qualities throughout the game, his only motivation is leaving the planet and banging the unconcious engaged girl. At the end he takes the place of her fiance as she has lost her memory but instead decides to tell her the truth. I suppose this could be his redeeming quality moment, but when it's literally an entire planet vs. your chub I just don't find it that redeeming.[/spoileri] He's not dislikeable in a good way like a well made villian, he's just flat out that annoying person that no one likes, and lucky you get to spend about 8 hours with him.All the other characters may as well be nonexistant, but not mentioning the apparently hot piece of Ginger Elysian Goal would be a mistake, as she's the driving ""plot"" device. She's unconcious for 96% of the game, in which time Rufus constantly calls her ""babe"" and his girlfriend, despite never actually talking to her aside from when she told you to call her fiance. When she finally actually wakes up by the end, she initially tells Rufus to not call her babe, then about 30 seconds later she apparently loves him.. I guess... for some reason... I'm actually not really sure. The whole thing is just kind of creepy and weird.The last complaint is the super obtuse puzzles. Maybe it's just because I don't play much adventure/point'n'click games, but I just don't understand the type of mental connections you'd have to have for these puzzles to make sense. One involves a parrot and a couple kittens, which goes through a rather ridiculous process, and one involves a skeletons leg to meditate. Or rather, not involve it? Just for spoilers sake, here's the explanation of these puzzles:Parrot:[spoileri] In order to get to a radio, you need to stop the post office from functioning. The radio also requires headphones found on an operator near some carrier pigeons. So what you need to do is make a drugged blowdart to take out your ex girlfriend and steal some vouchers. Then you get a magnetic field tablet thing, switch some lights around which switch the pigeons to the wrong hole. You then need to drug one cat, give ""espresso"" to another, and give the post man robot a stolen voucher, which then sends a package to nowhere. The postage is incorrect and the postbot has to rebox the package with bubble wrap, which you then need to walk over to distract postbot. You then grab some spare kittens and a cypher to decode the lock to the radio room where you get a nodding bird. You place one kitten on a button and the nodding bird on the other.You still with me so far? Good, because that's the part that made sense. The parrot follows.From here you then need to go to a completely different area. This alone I just don't find good. The whole point is there's 3 lines of communication you need to block, the kitten and bird taking care of two, You once again to reiterate go to a completely different area and I don't understand how this logic is supposed to work. Just even guessing that you need the parrot is a hell of a stretch.You fill a balloon with laughing gas and knock out the parrot, shove it in your coat and then inexplicably give it to your ex. You have to leave and come backto find out she's apparently been telling it of all your crimes (again to reinforce that you're a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ character.) Steal the parrot and put it on the phone with the police guy.Huzzah! Headphones are now yours to steal. By comparison, you also needed a microphone, which was down the hall and you just pick it up. [/spoileri]It's a bit ridiculous, but the skeleton leg is worse.[spoileri] At one point you need to operate a crane, but apparently you're too nervous... for some reason, which results in dropping chubbait Goal about 25 feet directly onto her spine. You talk to a man who teaches you how to meditate, followed by taking a swig of alcohol. You then need to do the meditation thing again (because now you know you need his alcohol) and siphon some of his drink into your own empty bottle. This part's fine, but what follows angered me probably a lot too much. After following the same procedure and having it not work and dropping Goal from 25 feet onto her spine the second time something seems amiss. So here's the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Apparently the skeleton leg you picked up earlier that has had zero use whatsoever is meant to go behind the seat for absolutely no reason whatsoever. Literally zero.The ""meditation tutorial was literally click on the horizon, watch some flashy colors, take a swig. So where the ♥♥♥♥ does the leg come into play? It makes exactly zero sense whatsoever. It's complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and I'm glad I had a guide, because if I spent 15-20 minutes to either find out on my own through randomly clicking on♥♥♥♥♥♥or giving up and checking a guide anyways, I would've been absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ At least the stupid runaround with the parrot had a reason. It was dumb, but it was a reason. Having a puzzle requirement with two objects that have ZERO involvement with the puzzle at hand is stupendously asanineI... I just can't even begin to understand the line of thinking that comes from. Absolutely terrible.I'm not sure where to drop this in, but once you toss the leg behind you to meditate and get drunk, you pick up Goal and drop her about 30 feet onto the back of a minecart for a grand total of every broken bone in her body before you ride off into the sunset for the games final ♥♥♥♥♥♥ ending act.[/spoileri]"
,Not Recommended,214340,34156113,Posted: 10 August,all,[TSC] TheHolyDarkness,"When you require a walkthrough within the first few minutes of the game because the game designer hides a key object behind your character, you know something is going to be wrong.This isn't a game with multiple solutions to the puzzles. The cryptic game design wants to you figure things out in a very specifically scripted way with zero clue as to what the hell the game designer was thinking. There's no internal puzzle logic within the context of the design. No clues, just snarky commentary as you try to do something that might make sense, only be to told you're wrong (and sometimes, only barely, like needing to use a blowdart on a window, rather than the target, in order to use the necessary blowdart on the target).Hours of aimlessly frustrated wandering around, and soon you'll be wondering why you're still playing.When ""puzzles"" (more like cryptically hidden scripted events) absolutely REQUIRE a walkthrough to complete, and, upon looking up the solutions, the player can't help but think ""AW COME ON!"" or ""WHAT THE HELL I TRIED THAT ALREADY DIDN'T I?!"" you know you have a problem with your game design.Thus, I give up by the time I reached the junk yard area, where apparently I'm missing an item (even after interacting with every known object in the vicinity and consulting a walkthrough). You can try to get further than I, but you won't have fun doing so.What you'll have is boredom or a headache. That's all this game has to give. Hard to enjoy it's laughs with such stonewalled pacing.I'm bored.  z_zConclusion:Pass on this one. Not even at 90% off is this game worth it.Truly a pity, as the art design, voice acting, and writing was promising so much.Whoever made this should stick to web comics."
,Not Recommended,214340,29756780,Posted: 6 February,all,Smegmatron,"I tend to like these types of games, and usually can get an easy recommendation from me.  Deponia has some decent humor to it, but will constantly do little things to annoy the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of you.  Many of the puzzles just simply don't make sense.  It may seem completely obvious that doing something you have in mind should work, but the writers would rather you do it their way, which makes less sense.  This is a minor flaw, though.  The bigger flaw is that the game is downright buggy.  If you skim through the discussion forums you'll see a lot of problems the game has, and the devs only solution is to download a new save file.  Even with known issues, the game doesn't seem to get patched, and you're simply stuck with downloading a different save file, which could throw your own game out of sequence.  I usually want to complete games like this, but this has made me lose my motivation to finish it, even as I have the sequels in my library waiting to be played, but will now likely never be installed."
76561198073289859,Not Recommended,214340,8290590,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,ED,I gave this game a shot because it was only 2 dollars and I figured I could get a feel for the companies games. I only played it for a little over an hour and I have to say I did not like this game at all and doubt I'll ever play it again. The game has good humor and nice graphics but the puzzles are completely illogical most of the time and the protagonist is annoying as hell. All I thought was why would they make such an unlikeable person the main character? Despite all of this I could have still managed to play it if it wasnt for the repetition. Try something to solve the puzzle - main character says 3 lines of dialogue... over and over and over and over again. So annoying that it was what finally made me quit.
76561198056310902,Not Recommended,214340,33484184,Posted: 12 July,all,Omegon,"It's hard to fight for a good ending when you feel like the protagonist doesn't deserve it, really.At first, I liked the game, it was quirky and funny and it was set in an interesting world, combined with beautiful animation. Then the first puzzles that were beyond all belief set in and their presence ruined it for me most of the time. There was no indication what to do where and whom to talk to at certain times and that kinda took away the fun.Then there's the protagonist. In the beginning, his character attitude was funny in a way, but his constant self-praising despite making minimal efforts and his arrogance gets annoying rather quickly. Not to mention he basically treats everyone he meets like crap. We get it, no one likes cleaning dishes and tyding up, but you don't have to be such a baby about it.I got the good ending, but didn't bother to play it once more to see if there's something else besides the obvious bad one. It didn't feel deserved, I actually actively wanted to see him punished for being such a bell. For Christ's sake, even the Chorus-Guys and the Narrator-Singer couldn't come up with a moral for what happened or any good justification on this character.TL;DR Version- Main character is arrogant, unlikable, annoying and has little to no character development, which made the (good)ending seem undeserved.- Puzzles are sometimes way too convoluted to solve without help from a source.- Animation is cute and quirky and the setting is cool- I sometimes encountered a bug which made the inventory pop up on screen during cinematic conversations, which wasa little irritating."
76561198080641965,Not Recommended,214340,8777991,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Chani,"It could have been an okay game, but the sexism was really distracting and childish."
76561198048842159,Not Recommended,214340,22829688,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Neonderthal,"My oh my... I mean, this game does have neat visuals. And sometimes it is funny. The puzzles are moderate in obscurity and difficulty.On the other hand the main character (Rufus) is the most obnoxious, arrogant, sexist and stubborn main character I have ever seen. It was very hard playing as him and hear him make simple, often unfunny and unnecessary comments. And the way he talks about women... He despises the first one even though she (god knows why) literally provides the roof above his head, and the other one he treats as if she were his property. Besides that, the game is riddled with dirty humour and a story that really makes no sense and gives no explanation.I would have loved it if as the game progressed, Rufus evolved and became humbler and reasonable. But no. And thus, I would not recommend, unless you really only care about the puzzles or do not care about depth of character."
,Not Recommended,214340,22846408,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Dr. Doctor,"The protagonist will steal everything he sees, flood his friend's house, poison his former girlfriend with dart(who is supporting him economically), frame a mayor, and abuse animals.Also, the post office of this town makes cats work by literally shocking them with electricity. Yes, really.All these small details might be funny to some people, but it was very bizarre to me, even unpleasant. Not only Rufus, the protagonist(I would never use a word 'hero' on this guy), but the atmosphere of this game also doesn't give a shxt about all these madness he's making everywhere, as if it's just some kind of a joke.To me, it was a very ill-humored joke. Giving it red for that reason.p.s.Surprisingly, there's a good reason for his attitude, which is revealed at Deponia 3.Well, it's a review for Deponia 1 though. If you are going to play all Deponia titles, ignore this review. If you are not, beware that the main charater might let you down."
,Not Recommended,214340,22860255,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Pschiu,"Would be a decent adventure game, except that the protagonist is an annoying pr*ck, and that took half the fun out of the game, cos I would be rooting against him the whole time."
,Not Recommended,214340,23810035,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,pathophage,"Fairly tedious, obnoxious characters, puzzles aren't all logical enough to actually be puzzles (just try combining everything until something works is not the same thing as figuring something out), dialog takes forever, offensive depiction of a transgendered person for humor. Nice artwork, but that's about it."
76561198147269775,Not Recommended,214340,32151199,Posted: 3 June,all,odometer,"Just like most Daedalic titles, this game is regularly on sale with a huge discount. Since this game was so cheap I didn't bother to check other reviews before buying. Probably I should have. The puzzles and overall level of polished-ness of the game are good I think, especially given its price on discount. The story and the characters are, however, awful. Basically just a string of cliches about a whiney and utterly annoying guy (Rufus, main character) that dreams of attaining his goal, which is to ""acquire"" a girl who's incidentally called ""Goal"". His ex-girlfriend is probably the most likable character because she's the only one who calls him out for the piece of s*** that he is. I get that it's all meant as a joke but this game is way too cringeworthy to play. Wish I could get my few $$ back."
76561198157201361,Not Recommended,214340,29686546,Posted: 3 February,all,Mineswee,"I thought that most of the puzzles didn't make sense and it wasn't very memorable (some people may like this game but I didn't)edit: My first bit of advice if you want this game is to wait for a sale (they happen at least every other month for about 75-90% off)After playing many point a click games I've come to the conclusion that I usually like the premise of the idea of point and click more than the execution of them IE I haven't fully enjoyed most of the point and click games I've played as of late because so many times the way things interact with each other I think doesnt' use common sensethe humor was nice, visually I would say its ok with decent art in some areas and bad art many times featuring your items and making it even harder to think that an item would apply to a puzzle because of the way it looks in your inventory.Basically this is a game I wont be coming back to so I don't reccommend it"
,Recommended,214340,12842227,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,KidwithSmurf,"If you love point and clicks, then this fun little point and click game is for you!It's realitively short, has many challenges and hidden features and epic character voice overs! Oh and did I mention you can even pause cinematics, what more could you want?Also has a fantastically funny storyline and epic scenery... plus it has awesome songs at certain parts of the game!Overall, I highly recommend this if you have a few hours to kill and I guarrantee after you play it, you'll be getting the sequels to find out what happens next in the storyline.PS: The major flaw in this game is that it has little to no replay value."
,Not Recommended,214340,12091817,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Carpenterbator,The Deponia series is very eccentric and not for anyone in my opinion. It feels reminiscent to that of old point and click adventure games. It has a lot of good jokes and a lot of bad ones too. It was the kind of comedy that I am not used to. It was definitely worth the experience for me but not worth the money. Deponia also exploits how some adventure games are ridiculous with their puzzles and plots and quadruples that. Would I recommend it to any player? No. Would I recommend it to hardcore adventure gamers? Maybe. Tread at your own risk and preference to comedy.
,Not Recommended,214340,23387570,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,as ☂,"Unfortunately the game is broken to the point that it became unplayable. Graphics textures are all mixed up and misplaced, so try and play a point and click with broken graphics. :(Bought it like 2 years ago and only have played it for an hour, only to come back now and realize that my savegame does not load anymore. Starting a new game results in broken graphics.Do yourself a favor and check the community and bug report forum to see if there is a fix some time in the future."
76561198035479609,Not Recommended,214340,23177397,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,僕はアイクです,"This is a weird game because I didn't really like it at all until the very end.  I enjoyed the ending a lot, and I liked the characters that were only there for the ending.  That said, the rest of it wasn't that great so I can't recommend it just to get to the good part (at the very end).The puzzles are decent enough but Rufus is an idiot beyond measure and if he weren't the main and in some parts only character around (keep in mind he comments on EVERYTHING you do, look at, attempt, etc) it wouldn't have been as awful working through the puzzles or doing dialogue.The aesthetic is cool, but if you really want to play this, get it on sale.  There are better point-and-click adventures out there."
,Not Recommended,214340,23407257,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Coditon,I tried this game and failed miserably. The puzzles don't make much sense to me and I really can't recommend it to casual gamers who just want to have fun. This is way too challenging for me to fun. The story might be good but the puzzles ruin it.
76561198266983104,Not Recommended,214340,23122900,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,jennyfisher,"Awful!! Some of theings that we are expected to thin of are ridiculus, this isn't problem solving its idiocacy."
,Not Recommended,214340,23865668,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Katoni,"Gorgeous artwork, an ok storyHowever, absolutely no logic to the puzzles. A bunch of random clicking to try to solve them. I wouldn't have made it as far as I had with out using a tutorial.... Might just watch someone else play it to save time.3.5/10"
76561197990778958,Not Recommended,214340,8224196,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Littlebrother,The game might be fun for kids at the age of 6 and below.
76561198042222473,Not Recommended,214340,8344705,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,choowie,Not everyone can be Lucas Art. Everything is here for this point and click adventure game except it just does not work.The enigma make no sense so you end up trying every object in your inventory with everything.
76561198116065359,Recommended,214340,12313989,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,KillerKoala,some weird♥♥♥♥♥♥right here
,Recommended,214340,12377098,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,*rd* DarkAngelCaptain,This game reminds me of all the great adventure games of the past. Its got a great sense of humour. I would recommend it and the two sequels to anyone.
,Recommended,214340,23288732,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,originalazrael,"Droggeljug. Droggeljug Droggeljug.Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug. Droggeljug, Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug. Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug.Droggeljug.....Droggeljug."
,Recommended,214340,16064256,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,certifiablygeeky,"If you're looking for a fun point-and-click game, then look no further. You should buy this game now. If you enjoy comedy even a little bit, then why haven't you bought this game yet? ""Deponia"" has some easy achievements, if that's your thing. If you get stuck on some of the puzzles there are guides on Steam and on YouTube. I found those very helpful. ""Deponia"" is the first game in the Deponia trilogy, which includes ""Deponia"", ""Chaos on Deponia"", and ""Goodbye Deponia"". I would recommend starting with this game, since the second game, ""Chaos on Deponia"", picks up close to where this one ends."
76561197970956898,Recommended,214340,32529310,Posted: 18 June,all,Stobislaw,"It is really fun game to play, pros;- It is not too long, for me the perfect lenght- the story is simple but still very interesting- characters are fun(they are stereotypical but it even makes them funnier)- atmosphere of the game(it is similiar to terry pratchet works) is brilliant for me- humour of my liking- puzzles, 80% of them are ok, some crazy or absurd but still the more fun!cons:- some ppl don't like the always whining main hero. I liked him. It is fresh and i am being bored of seing super white heroes everywhere.-20% of puzzles are too stretched or too ridicilous even for me (most of the post office for example)"
,Recommended,214340,12545908,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,God Dogs,"This is a fantastic point-n-click adventure game. If you've played any of the old LucasArts or Sierra adventure games from the 90's, you'll feel right at home with Deponia. It's art style and sense of humor is reminiscient of Monkey Island or Day of the Tentacle, and its puzzles are definitely challenging without being outlandishly obscure. It's a perfect balance of logic and wackiness.The story and characters are also well done, though it took a little bit for the main character, Rufus, to grow on me (he's obnoxious and grating at first). Since this is part 1 of a trilogy, the ending will leave you hanging and wanting more. However, don't let that fool you into thinking it cuts short. I finished this in 12 hours, which is unheard of for point-n-click games in this day and age.If you loved the adventure games in the 90's from LucasArts or Sierra, this is definitely worth your time and money, and I can't wait to play the sequels."
,Not Recommended,214340,16050198,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,fallimar,"Pros: Amazingly beautiful artworkOld-school bizarre puzzle solvingInteresting worldCons: Horrible main characterOn-the-nose cringe-worthy writingGoal. Really? Really?This could have been a really fun game if the main character wasn't a complete and utter waste of space who learns nothing. I hear it's much worse in the other games too. It's a no from me. Seriously - keep the art department from this, mix with writers who have a sense of humour that doesn't feel like it came out of a seedy frat house and you'd have a winning title."
76561198077989252,Not Recommended,214340,24172704,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,iamzid,"Be warned that this game is only a small part of the whole story, if you buy this game and want to see anything resembaling a propper endeing you must buy the sequals aswell. the Deponia game ends on an unfulfulled plot that in no way gives any closure what-so-ever and in my opinian feels like a half of a game (or less). the time that you see as my total play time on record is the entire game, 9 hours, and there is no replay value. if you have time, money to burn, and there is a sale you might pick them up otherwise i recomend skipping this game."
76561198073546652,Recommended,214340,23503990,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,skavak,Was great fun playing Deponia reminded me the good old days with funny adventure games.
,Not Recommended,214340,9277566,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Mildr,The game has his moments but it's too short and the ending is a disapointment... to bad :/ Not worth the price at this moment.
,Not Recommended,214340,18284881,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Flamini,I guess it's kinda funny that a game that is supposed to be funny is not actually very funny.
,Recommended,214340,14067965,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Nygaard,"This game is greate. I definitely recommend it to other point and click lover out there. Def greate: good voice acting, art style, humor and more."
,Recommended,214340,11454845,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Emmarior,"I was never really a big fan of Point & Click games, although Deponia has a really great story.Pros:- The story is well written, balanced and interesting- There are sequels!- Characters are unique and lovely- UniqueCons:- Sometimes it gets a bit too tricky, and you really just have to cheat..- Ending could be better, but it has a sequel so..- Too shortOverall:I truly recommend this game for everyone enjoying Visual Novels. It's not a Visual Novel, but I really loved them before I got into this game. I hated all Point & Click games, but this game surely has something in it.. Fell in love with Daedalic Games."
76561197998212178,Recommended,214340,9896425,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Shadibadoo,"A lovely and nostalgic distraction, with relatively simple puzzles, pleasant characters, and many entertaining one-liners.  The story is cute.The only thing lacking in Deponia is moral choices or branching storylines.  That's become a staple of some of the more recent point-and-click games."
,Not Recommended,214340,11596260,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Ultros KOTO,Good visuals don't make up for annoying characters & lame forced humor. Very Meh.
76561198099206257,Recommended,214340,13202876,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Rawr,"Funny, interesting, puzzles were good, and so was the storyline. Somehow I liked how everyone disliked the main character. This game makes fun of how the hero is always this person that everyone ""loves/idolised"" :) because he claims that is what everyone does, love him that is."
,Recommended,214340,15289103,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Lt.FROSTY #Vacation4Days,"Nice game i enjoyed playin' it does have a fine Graphic , but i don't like the fact that doesn't have hints or clues, sometimes you have to search everywhere hoping to find the thing you suppose to get or even do...BTW it's still good 'n' nice game"
,Recommended,214340,28811857,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Killer_Pro_Zero,"Well i was kinda stupid that bought this and not The Complete Journey, well its never bad to give a bit more money for good developer."
,Recommended,214340,33867975,Posted: 28 July,all,UltimateLegend,It's funny.
,Not Recommended,214340,32374023,Posted: 12 June,all,Rhymoid,"The main character is so unlikeable that playing the game becomes a chore. It's generous of the developers to include a feature that allows you to see with which spots on the screen you can interact, but there will be times when even that is not sufficient to solve some of the moon logic in this game. The few minor bugs and hiccups (including settings that won't stick, random pathing problems, a few incorrect subtitles here and there, andRufus' unintended telekinetic powers) are just insult to injury."
,Not Recommended,214340,25013745,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Minato Kageaki,childlike.
,Recommended,214340,13586252,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,0_Zero_0,"A good looking, point-'n-click with some unique puzzles. The ""hotspot view"" (press space bar) takes away the frustrating pixel hunt other adventure games (I'm looking at you, Beneath a Steel Sky). It also has one of the best inventory system and user interface."
,Recommended,214340,13285721,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,brandonblythe,wonderful little game cant wait to play the other 2
76561198061549462,Recommended,214340,13184253,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bladystefan,"Deponia games are by far the most hilarious I've ever played, being a great example of well designed old-school point-and-click at the same time. Crazy script, brought to life with the top notch voice acting, interesting world and the protagonist you just can't love (and if you can, no problem, He loves himself more that anyone else ever could). Discover your inner idiot trying to figure out the solutions to whacky challenges Rufus faces on his path to his destiny - the flying city of Elysium."
76561198043730957,Recommended,214340,12708140,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Shadowshark,"Three minutes into the game, tears man; tears!!! I was laughing so hard I couldn't catch my breath. The game takes me back to my childhood. Similar to Monkeys Island the game has a funny story that keeps you going throughout the GamePlay. Main character of the game Ruffes is a story of its own. Clumsy, maniacal, stubborn guy that has a neck for getting in to trouble yet he desperately tries to ""save"" the love of his life and get his happy ending. Mini games are also something worth mentioning. They are fun to play and give you a little brainless break from your main adventure. Last but not least is the music that follows you into every chapter of the game and stays in your head for days after ending this game. Deponia is a great game and I can't wait to finish the whole trilogy. The game still has a lot of room for improvement so I'm going to give it 6/10."
76561198097980229,Recommended,214340,12601380,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,2b2bff,Great start of the triology. I liked every part of the series..
76561197973670777,Not Recommended,214340,12916914,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,scooby01,Unresolved bug that prevents me from finishing the game
,Recommended,214340,16236593,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,∞ ᴷᵃᵒᶳᵘ,Its k.
76561197993060918,Recommended,214340,16221254,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Aquinas,6.5/10
,Recommended,214340,10113267,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Ron has an average shlong,"AMAZING! Such a great game! People say the hero is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but that makes him so much more unique and fun! Buy it, Play it."
,Recommended,214340,11889243,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,MurkyMoo,"Really love this game, really Challenging. and i love the pos apacolypticnessness to it :D"
76561198121101258,Recommended,214340,11832647,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,jamespanting,"A decent point & click game for those who have exhausted the obvious canon of titles. The control system is slightly infuriating and some of the puzzles are made difficult as a result (potentially refined in the later titles in the series - currently yet to play). Despite these gripes, at it's heart, Deponia manages to fill the nostalgic void for adventure titles that a lot of people may be seeking to fill. It strongly displays imaginitive scifi world building and has a decent sense of humour embodied by it's protagonist (remiscent of Guybrush Threepwood in the Monkey Island titles). Despite it's flaws it's worth a pop/point & click!"
76561198032618667,Recommended,214340,11833248,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,mooneymm,Great throwback to the old point-and-click adventure games.  Puzzle element is challenging but not impossible.
,Not Recommended,214340,12210808,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Zxoronto,"This game has the potential to be fun.  It is has some crude humor and irony that give a good laugh.  On sale, it is a nice pick-up game.The reason this review has received a negative from me is the fact that it has game-breaking bugs in it.  These are things the developers should absolutely have ironed out prior to release.  Although the game itself is not too long, wasting hours to get all the way back to the point the game broke only to progress does NOT make one want to continueEDIT: After the 11/17/14 patch, validated steam files, and with a fresh game as suggested by the developers, this game continues to not work properly."
76561198007351127,Recommended,214340,15930301,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,T'MKAT,"This was a fun game.Funny, mostly well written.The plot isn't great but the actual dialogue is good.Puzzles are not too hard. I did use a walkthrough in places but that's because i'm impatient."
,Recommended,214340,15978231,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Lucifargundam,great story
,Not Recommended,214340,19740913,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,"Story got drab.I hate it when annoying puzzles get in the way of story progression.This game was a boring story, and stupid puzles. Not a fan of this Companie's track record for games.Or may I just hate click adventures..."
,Recommended,214340,22947535,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,tanerdamaner,"its a point and click game, and its pretty good. i give it 9/10"
,Recommended,214340,22948704,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Danakin,"Features some ridiculous puzzles and a character that you'd normally hate, but Deponia makes you love. It also comes with a very interesting world and a storyline enough for a series. I loved it."
,Recommended,214340,22887927,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,EdCapistrano,"They call him, Rufus..."
,Recommended,214340,1010111,"Posted: 7 August, 2012",all,T-Rektx,"Great, hilarious point and click adventure! reminds me of a updated monkey island!"
,Recommended,214340,8360543,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Luciphel,"Lots of fun, the puzzles use a very odd kind of logic that doesnt really make sense a lot of the time. You sort of have to put youself in the mindset of Rufus which can be pretty weird sometimes. Very bright and attractive graphics and a colourful cast. Would recomend for anyone looking for an interesting and off-beat puzzle game."
76561198088946812,Recommended,214340,20593185,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Shahbaz,Guybrush Treepwood wants to become a pirate but falls in love with Elaine and everything gets complicated. His ultimate plan is to escape monkey island.10/10 would play monkey island again.
76561198045758755,Not Recommended,214340,23057867,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Koopa_G,"The puzzles are often non-sensical and you'll find yourself trying ridiculous combinations and actions to *hopefully* make some sort of progress. I appreciate adventure games where the puzzles are difficult but logical. Though the characters and artwork are enjoyable, Deponia does not satisfy one's puzzle solving skills and one may find him/herself referencing a guide/walkthrough far too often."
76561198120758268,Recommended,214340,24343520,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,TheLordChar#11360,I'm still laughing.... that's all I got....
,Recommended,214340,24028601,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,blueforgo1,"I fell in love with this game right at the start when the song started! The cartoon graphics are absolutely amazing, especially during the cinematic parts of the game. The music is fitting and very catchy. The only downside of this game in my opinion is the very vauge clues that it gives to you. I had to use a walkthrough for parts of the game that really stumped me because you had to get every single item (some of which are really hidden). As a puzzle game, they did very well on some parts, and a little overboard on others. Another part that I was not very happy with was when the game gets intense, but it looses that rush when you have to figure out a certain puzzle for forever. Overall though I was very happy with the game and it's worth buying now!"
,Recommended,214340,24211088,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,KenLinx,"What.. Why does this cost way more than Deponia: The Complete Journey??Either way, I enjoyed this game. Though I had to watch a walkthrough for 60% of it because the puzzles were too time-consuming and difficult. Its hard to enjoy it when its like that. This game would've been way better as a movie."
,Recommended,214340,25533917,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Muchness,"Fantastic, beautiful, creative and full of fabulous poetic verse and wonderful wording. Hooks you in to continue the series, highly recommended as part of the Deponia Complete Journey Collection!"
,Recommended,214340,32521265,Posted: 17 June,all,Gildenveteran Daniel,Lovely characters.Good humour.Decent point and click adventure.8/10
,Recommended,214340,32540543,Posted: 18 June,all,BunnieNoiz,[Deponia]Terrific + crazy story with lovely characters (and great character designs) + challenging puzzles + very funny + unique everything = Deponia
,Recommended,214340,26794444,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,romz22215,"Huzzah, this game is so cool"
76561198173097647,Recommended,214340,20461118,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Centurion,"Deponia has a great story and really humorous characters. This is the first point and click adventure game I've played in a long time, and while the genre is not my favorite, it was a very enjoyable experience. One of my favorite aspects about the game was the mystery which surrounded Elysium and the futuristic, upper class society which runs it.The majority of the puzzles can be figured out in a mostly straight forward manner, I only had to cheat by looking at a walkthrough a few times. The main character, Rufus, reminded me of a more egocentric Fry from Futurama and I suppose the art style also reminded me of the TV series.The game made me laugh out loud a handful of times and often put a smile on my face, it was perfect, just like me."
76561198094164907,Recommended,214340,20492806,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,The End,Ridiculously charming.
,Recommended,214340,20522939,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Diathedia,"While it could have been better if the puzzles are a little more ""logical"", the art and voice acting are what kept me playing."
76561197970565750,Not Recommended,214340,21868824,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,FearoftheDomo-Kun,"Really wish I hadn't bought this. Read a few reviews, looked very nice. Everything is ruined by an insufferable protagonist and unfunny attempts at humour. Gameplay isn't great either. I'd stay far away from this..."
76561198045452858,Recommended,214340,17814783,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,TriTTon,Ultra Good Game. Enouth Said
,Recommended,214340,23679457,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Buzz,point and click goodness
,Not Recommended,214340,21638087,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,watercolor,boring and annoying
76561198001855584,Not Recommended,214340,13259029,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,paul.ragnar,"I liked this briefly.... very briefly. In the end, the characters are not likeable, the storyline is forgettable, and the puzzles are pretty illogical. Not a fan."
,Recommended,214340,19454710,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,13n2j,"This game exceeds your expectations almost in every part. Well done, Daedalic. Now go buy it."
,Not Recommended,214340,15765647,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Wulf,Game crashes at the end of cutscenes unless they are skipped...
,Recommended,214340,12957030,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Personα,"Amazing story , Funny dialogs , Fantastic puzzlesAll i can say is that this game is totally recommanded !"
,Recommended,214340,18946375,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Maratae,Monkey Island fans will probably enjoy this series.
,Recommended,214340,29655422,Posted: 2 February,all,Weberhed,"One of the best games I've ever played.But too much trash, 0/10 -IGN"
,Not Recommended,214340,30036153,Posted: 19 February,all,XinstigatorX,"A niche-made game... I have tried to play it two times but its very boring and claustrofobic. It seems like a kids game but its not. Just bad and sort of empty. Looks ok though, reminds somewhat of B.A.Steel Sky"
,Recommended,214340,28521857,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,NimbleKitty,A challenging and funny game that leaves you searching for the sequel.
76561198013395249,Recommended,214340,30176239,Posted: 25 February,all,masterfocus [GameTame.com],"Well.. it's a funny and nice point click adventure, with soe funny moments... But the annoying and childish Rufus is the good and the bad about this game. BTW, Rufus is the main character, just for you know. He is annoying, childish, selfish and really clumsy. He is also smart and creative, but not so much. This is the first of the 3 games of the trilogy Deponia, I reccommend you play all 3 to get all the story together. Because Rufus is annoying, but the game is not."
76561198000016600,Recommended,214340,16737602,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,*****,"Deponia feels like homage to all old point & click adventure games. It has looserish main character, girl that is too good for him, tons of absurd humor, non-sensical plot twists and outrageous item combinations. Basically everything you would want and expect from this type of game.Just notice that this game has three parts (Deponia, Chaos on Deponia and Goodbye Deponia). They are all roughly equally good. Also the last part takes the plot to pretty epic levels so it's definately worth your time to play through them all."
,Recommended,214340,17744634,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Esyntha,"I really like these style of games. They are point and click adventures with alot of heart and polish reminiscent of monkey island. I definitely reccomend this game but with one huge caveat.Minor spoiler?;;;;;;The protagonist is an unlikable♥♥♥♥♥♥. He is the type of person whom you do not readily want to know and I almost want to see him fail. I had to quit the second game with he pretty much made a decision for me instead of going with the answer I chose (it was supposed to be funny  when he had to get a high quality item but instead he got the low quality one that came with a lolipop...) which infuriated me, why give a choice if its meaningless?"
76561197979170276,Recommended,214340,28970195,Posted: 3 January,all,AFWump,"Bottom line up-front:Should you buy this game: If you enjoy point-and-click adventures, YesPro's:+ Great art syle+ Memorable, but brief characters+ Funny story with a likable protagonist.+ Good music with original songsCon's+ Obstuse puzzle solutions+ Short story legnth+ Not enough interation with many unique charactersReviewDeponia (first in a series of four games) is at its heart, a throw-back to the early point and click adventure games first popularized by Sierra-Online in the 80's and early 90s'.It follows the misadventures of Rufus, a self-centered, self-aggrandizing, self-destructive, yet lovable transient bum, who is trying desperately to escape the perpetual junk filled planet of Deponia for the floating paradise in the sky known as Elysium. As the opening exposition tells us on the outset of the game, he will concoct any manner of schemes or contraptions in order to achieve his goal, and Lord help anyone, or anything that stands in his way.  I just wish I had a chance to interact with them more and see them fleshed out more fully.And speaking of goals, Rufus quickly crosses paths with Goal, a beautiful Elysium woman who is, shall we say...not right in the head.  Which as Rufus will attest, that her condition had absolutely nothing to do with knocking her off the unprotected deck of a passing cruiser deck, plummeting to the ground and damaging her brain's hardware, rendering her unconscious. Goal represents the more cultured and educated foil to Rufus's blunt and unrefined nature, but the revelation later that her memories and personality can be changed via data cartriges placed in her brain implant, seemed a little off-putting.  I realize that it was written that way for comedic effect, but it still created a few cringeworthy moments.What follows is Rufus' travels to return Goal to Elysium and ""unselfishly"" earning him a complimentary admission ticket to the golden city (my words).Deponia has a lot to like. The first thing that is apparent about Deponia, is the cartoonish art-style.  Deponia is a literal world of junk, and everything in their society is constructed out what looks like the largest garbage dump known to man. Houses, buildings, everyday objects look like they were cobbled together out of repurposed items that were thrown away.The cartoon style also gives life to all of the characters.  Even the bit-part characters are uniquely designed and animated. Each one has their own personality, and backstory, which isn't told through a lot of needless and awkward exposition.  This also highlights the smart and clever writing. Through a few well-placed sentences, you can already grasp who the individual characters are.  I truly got the sense that this game could have been its own animated comedy series on television, and it would have held up.While the cartoon comedy provides a lot of this games positives, there are a few downsides to this game.  Let's start with the puzzles.  The cartoonish nature of the game requires you to think as if you were in a cartoon environment. Which means that puzzles are deceptively easy, in that you have to think in very sideways terms, where most people will take a more literal approach.  For example, you are given instructions on how to assume a certain sitting pose to go into a meditative trance.  One of those instructions is to sit and place your left leg behind your head. When you get the place where you have to meditate, there is no place, or option to manipulate the character into the proper position. That is, until you take the leg from a skeleton, and place it behind you.  Many of the solutions will leave you groaning in both laughter, and frustration.Next are the mini-games.  There are a few of these sprinkled about in the game, but they have little to no explanation as to how they work, or how to achieve a solvable state. This will leave you scratching your head for hours, while you struggle to derive some kind of meaning of the game from the few, or lack or clues as to how they work.  Fortunately, the developers left an option to skip these mini-games, if you wish.Despite these flaws, I still think Deponia is worth its price-point.  It is funny, well-written, leaves room open for its sequels.  If you like these kinds of games, definitely give it a try. However, buy the bundle pack and stretch your money a little further."
,Recommended,214340,28981067,Posted: 3 January,all,Ghoser,it was a lot of fun to play this game through. really liked the puzzles and ideas behind it.
,Recommended,214340,306796,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,Jarannis,"Monkey Island? Yes please. Wait, that's not Monkey Island? That's not even a LucasArts based game, DoubleFine? No? Well damn, looks like I was fooled.Deponia, eh? Cheeky character getting himself into trouble constantly? Check. Inventory of whacky items? Check. Recipe for fun? Must have left that on the wall of another bathroom. Oh well. Might as well combine the pot with the stove and cook my socks. Wait, that worked?! AWESOME!(Several hours later)Dammit! Did I really just play that game in one sitting? *sigh* Looks like I'm buying Chaos in Deponia, too. Great. There goes my game budget. Good thing I already finished paying off my Bioshock Infinite preorder..."
,Recommended,214340,16434062,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Riveroo,good story and comedy
,Not Recommended,214340,18388070,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,FreeZey,"M not Smrt, Herd Gaem 4 mi"
,Recommended,214340,20878926,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Not Deus,"Some of these puzzles are hard as nails, for better or worse.The art style and story are wonderful.Note that this is merely the first part of Rufus' journey, so keep that in mind when purchasing this.Droggeljug makes me want to rip my ears out."
,Recommended,214340,16089780,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,|ECLPSE|Troublesome.xyz,brain game :)
,Recommended,214340,16093157,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,TitusR7,"Great storyline,funny moments. 9/10"
,Recommended,214340,16097682,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,jbaum619,I have enjoyed this game right from the start menu. The way it clings to you right from the start makes this a great game.I highly recommend this game to anyone that likes a comedy written point and click.
,Recommended,214340,8418605,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SuspectRobot,IT'S ACTUALLY REALLY GOOD.
76561198198814899,Recommended,214340,26328073,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,dragonbear125,This game is hilarious and great point and click. I defintely recommend this game
76561198063517109,Recommended,214340,26341747,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,DiegonBananon,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED +++ great story, nice gameplay, tons of comedy AND PUZZLES+++++ A MUST HAVE"
,Recommended,214340,15418885,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,Brilliant game in all aspects.
,Recommended,214340,25162647,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,RedJulius,Childish
,Recommended,214340,25140150,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,ツ TheLizardSam 👊,Pure Love <3
,Recommended,214340,17856399,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,spacecadet371,"Great point and click, hilarious logic and puzzles. Grab it on sale"
,Recommended,214340,31874546,Posted: 20 May,all,Cαitlin № GO Yεa!™,It's okay.
,Recommended,214340,18053643,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,DE▲D$HØ†,"This is really hard with new peoples, they can't play online ;D"
,Recommended,214340,32317933,Posted: 10 June,all,yuu,this game made me gay for a marshmallow with a snooty collar
,Recommended,214340,17280258,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
76561198046962626,Recommended,214340,29930558,Posted: 14 February,all,Lives4trauma,Surpisingly actually a pretty fun detective game.  Search through the game by clicking to find things you need along your way.  A fun time killer and easy to pick up where one left off at.  5/10
,Recommended,214340,549786,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Grok,Awesome adventure game. Story is good. The dialogues are ton of fun. Riddles are also well designed. Seal of Approval. :)
76561198075788520,Recommended,214340,13301889,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Vanorn,"Very fun game to spend some time,"
76561197970078168,Recommended,214340,378643,"Posted: 5 December, 2012",all,hermetico,"Laughty and crazy game.Nice characters, challenging puzzles and a very Monthy-Phyton kind of history.Awesome art work and crazy dialogs.To have a funny playing time, highly recommended."
,Recommended,214340,32294724,Posted: 9 June,all,Sublustr,"A funny and light-hearted adventure, definitely a worthy acquisition for every point-and-click lover.10/10 would recommend!"
,Recommended,214340,32296984,Posted: 9 June,all,weewoo,drogglejug
,Recommended,214340,14278050,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Mr Chow,"Good story and some tricky sets of puzzles for a point and click game, I'd consider getting the complete set if you were planning onstarting the Deponia series."
,Not Recommended,214340,8201059,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Kavery,"Good game but a ug i changing sence occurs i the first section of game. ecause of this the game canot cotinue, and as such untill error is fixed i sugest holding off buying"
76561198117164529,Not Recommended,214340,10166341,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Billywitchdoctor.com,This game is awful nuff said.
,Not Recommended,214340,10180972,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Bubblegoose,"Really adorable character designs, interesting storyline peppered with silly one-liners... I really wanted to like this game, I wanted to be so into it that I bought the sequels. The puzzles were appropriate at progressing the plot, not too easy nor complex... then the emergency phone in the centre of town didn't have a click option so I had to reload saves then replay from the start to find it had ironed out. Then I was condemned to a replaying cutscene before reaching the station that made my character return to the control room like I had completed a puzzle incorrectly when I hadn't. Over and over I had to try to push past it. I don't mind a few bugs but then I uninstalled when I reached the whale. Why? Because the puzzle seemed forced like someone just wanted to extend the gameplay and I realised, so close to the end, the game had lost it's spark. Inventive and sweet to look at, I want to recommend it but cannot as it hooked me in and just completely dulled me out."
,Recommended,214340,13627991,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baphomet,Pretty good PnC adventure with an obnoxious yet lovable protagonist. It's the first of a three part series so be sure to play the rest.
,Recommended,214340,25853332,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,✪ ckuldoog,"Bom jogo, com uma otima historia."
,Not Recommended,214340,33366712,Posted: 8 July,all,HEY VSAUCE MICHAEL HERE,"It feels odd that my first review is a ""not recommended"", but this game had so much potential and i believe my expectations got the better of me.I should preface by saying that I dont hate the game at all, but god it felt like it was testing me at some points.I'm going to start with the biggest issue i had with this game right off the bat. The characters, namely the protagonist. I actually took a liking to Rufus at the beginning of the story, they had given him some poor, yet relatable qualities like being messy and carless, yet ambitious. That ended very quickly. It didnt take long for me to realise how utterly infuriating his whole charater was, in fact i didnt even leave the house before realising.But not only is he completely irredeemable, he continues to have everything go right for him in a way that feels almost like some sort of fever dream. Everyone in the town dislikes him, if not hates him, and yet they just let it slide. I understand the angle that they were going for was a loveable prankster who dreams of a better life, but it really just comes across as an entitled deadbeat who has no empathy for anyone around him and is only interested in his own wellbeing. Maybe a bit harsh, but i was happy to let that slide for a while. besides, the best part of an story driven game is the growth of the characters in better or stronger people. NOPE. Rufus remains insufferable through many great potential points of growth, in fact he almost seems to acknowledge that he should have developed from some situations but then just brushes it off with some flatline quip. But enough about Rufus, i think i've painted a vivid picture of him. The rest of the cast in this game are actually pretty good, I enjoyed the fact that most people felt the same about Rufus as i did and they did feel reasonably immersive for the world that they lived in. It was a pity that most of them were only there for Rufus to pester occasionally with his rudeness.Now, appart from the above mentioned, i really liked the world design and the voice acting, but it was not enough to make me stay for long. The puzzles and the minigames always felt extremely convoluted and i spent most of my time walking back and fourth trying everything on everything just to look up on a walkthrough that there was 6 more steps that wasn't even really necessary.This review quickly turned into a rant, but it pains me to see such a great game be ruined by the simple pitfalls.TL;DRThe protagonist will probably make you want to jump off a cliff. but if not, you might enjoy this game"
76561198032116906,Not Recommended,214340,33464718,Posted: 11 July,all,b.c.pollock,"Pros:Beautiful art and animationInteresting worldDecent voice acting for MOST charactersOff-beat, at times terribly vulgar and un-PC humorCons:Main character is annoyingStrange, frustrating puzzlesI wanted to like this game but just couldn't get past the nonsensical ""puzzles"" and main character's voice."
,Not Recommended,214340,33505342,Posted: 13 July,all,lulubee2003,"Hated the game, found the main character incredibly annoying, stopped playing very quickly."
76561197993971518,Not Recommended,214340,34850450,Posted: 9 September,all,J.Tarwin,"While the game is funny, I had a difficult time advancing because Rufus is such a repulsive jerk that I could not bring myself to do many of the things needed to advance. Seriously, Rufus needs to die horribly so that another hero can take his place."
,Recommended,214340,13005132,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Vrall,Make sure to play the whole trilogy! A good-hearted german approach of delivering an epic storyline stretching over three full point-and-click-adventure games. Daedalic at its best i'd say!
,Recommended,214340,29454295,Posted: 23 January,all,ajlondon,"I cant believe I can get all these games for 4.99.  Wow.  Anyway, I just started.  I have like 200 hours enjoyment Here for the Price of a starbucks coffee.Awesome.I used to buy these games in the 80's for 40 bucks a pop (or my Dad did for me....)"
,Recommended,214340,29523862,Posted: 27 January,all,Suicide,11/10 would click again.
,Recommended,214340,30326201,Posted: 4 March,all,Dangerous Beans,Well made point-and-click adventure game with the trademark sarcasm appropriate to the genre and a fun settting.
76561198002563402,Recommended,214340,30400144,Posted: 8 March,all,Raikuma,"Point and click adventure, Deadalic's attempt at a resurrection of a long-beloved style of adventure in the spirit of Monkey Island. In my humble opinion, they were successful, and you'll find their humor a lovely companion on the somewhat silly and yet compelling story of  two worlds, two classes, and two ways of life."
76561198349195867,Recommended,214340,30461135,Posted: 11 March,all,yucheng.xu,"Everything is good, gameplay sucks. It involves combine items together randomly (very annoying experience), no logic what so ever. 8/10"
76561198085509376,Recommended,214340,30467721,Posted: 12 March,all,t.a.n,awesome point and click game great art style and great soundtrack and we must not forget Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug!!!!!!!
,Recommended,214340,30513910,Posted: 14 March,all,TraXo,Droggeljug
76561198000943158,Recommended,214340,30688202,Posted: 23 March,all,nonAnon,"Nice little point and click adventure, I like the cartoon-style graphics. The writing is funny if a little cheesy. Some of the puzzles lack a little logic, but overall not bad."
76561198059408076,Recommended,214340,30570998,Posted: 17 March,all,violet6008,"Don't play if you're very sensitive to the stingier kinds of humor!Other than that, definitely try it if you can, you'll probably get many laughs out of it. Some parts are tricky to do, so either it's a challenge or a search for a guide by that point.The end was a little disappointing for me, but not bad overall. I just expected a different thing happening."
,Recommended,214340,8482989,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,admin potter,הפוניא
,Recommended,214340,24247888,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,noahgoo,10/10 never wanted to kill myself more!
,Not Recommended,214340,35451965,Posted: 3 October,all,MagnifiCent$ -KYS! vreecase.com,Booring af...
,Recommended,214340,19608320,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,john,I liked it. It was funny.
,Recommended,214340,11374197,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Yurii,i vote yes even i cannot play it because of not my type of game. but i really think that anybody who likes such games will find it very funny and enjoyable
76561197971532050,Recommended,214340,523554,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"An old skool adventure game (not always in the good ways either).  Casual sexism is annoying. All the characters are detestable. Cartoon graphics  I like. Background art is amazing. Voice Over quality is good. Story is not bad. Puzzle are not intuitive and are complicated.Warning: There are some game breaking puzzle-logic bugs. I got hit by the the postoffice-pigeon-voucher bug, use a walkthrough once you get into the postoffice QQ. Also, Slave kitties... really?A rare meal for the die-hard adventure gamer."
,Recommended,214340,1390617,"Posted: 2 December, 2012",all,Murikov,"Absolutely terrific game with flawless animations and character artwork! Apart from a few unlogical puzzle sequences, this Point & Click adventure is highly recommended!"
,Recommended,214340,13284024,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Mr.F***,"A higly enjoyable game, with a stunning art style and interesting characters."
,Recommended,214340,26505197,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Sh0N,"Интересная игра , правда не для всехЕсть своеобразные головоломки (ищи шмот смотря на монитор)Сюжет достаточно  прикольный .Игру советую 8/10"
,Recommended,214340,17936419,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Ornitorrinco Voador,"Druggeljug, druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug. Druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug:- Druggeljug druggeljug.- Druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug.- Druggeljug.Druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug, druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug druggeljug.10/10 Druggeljug druggeljug."
,Not Recommended,214340,28523842,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,nyako2850,"The protagonist is far too irritating for this game to be fun.  I'm fine with slightly annoying characters, but this was just next-level stupidity and egotistical behavior.  Not to mention that the humor didn't work about 95% of the time, and when it did, it just wasn't that funny."
,Not Recommended,214340,23575072,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Chicken Bot,"the main drive to games like this is it's story, the characters, unfortunately the game fails at that, the closest people to the character you play are complete d*cks to you but for good reason, the main character is the most unlikable c*nt i've seen in a long time, even towards people who manage to have the patience to not want to kill him on sight, and thats what annoyed me the most, gorgeous visuals good sound design but the characters and story that are supposed to be the reward after completing the puzzles completely sucks.I don't usually mind cocky characters, but ""Rufus"" just goes full ret4rd, and you should never go full ret4rd."
,Not Recommended,214340,28866990,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,John Wick,Doesn't make any sense. I bet u cannot beat the game without google the guide.
,Recommended,214340,12426274,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,{GODS}TheIsolatedFuryan,i love it
,Recommended,214340,22851222,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,≾≸Fantassin.HootSalot≹≿,this... is reallygood
,Recommended,214340,13877432,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Меркедес билинбабен,HUZZAH Droggeljug
,Not Recommended,214340,22142739,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,lain,"Good humor in this game? I can't see where! All the jokes, without exception, are biased or sexist, or both, or worse.In short, the protagonist is a perfect ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ...The puzzles are ridiculous, they're difficult, but impossible to even imagine what you need to do to continue the game, what about know which items to take to get wherever you have to (if you've discovered that).The only positive is the art, unfortunately."
76561198109122130,Recommended,214340,25638526,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,ThomasBlomkål,Rufus is the main male character. Goal is the main female character.Rufus has to dust off hischipin order to put it inside Goal´sbrainNo surprise Germans are behind this game.
,Not Recommended,214340,32461644,Posted: 15 June,all,CaeruleanDrew,"The controls aren't the best considering this is only a point and clicker. You often have to click multiple time to select something from your inventory, I had to click 7 times before I could pick up the damn parrot. The characters are fine and I think the art style is nice but the game starts to get generally frustrating after a while. It sends you on a load of convoluted fetch quests that are generally boring and take far too long because of the speed of Rufus. The fetch quest style of the game is made extra infuriating by the fact that you have next to no clue about where you're supposed to be going/what you're doing. Your only options are to grab a walk through or talk to every single person, using every single dialogue option.Navigating the world is a pain too. To go from The Crane to The Tunnel, you have to click down from The Crane, Up to the platform and then click The Tunnel, and that's all on one screen. Half the time you either walk to the place you're going but don't actually enter the room or you don't move at all. The music is fine at first but generally gets very repetitive and annoying after a little while, and it took 2 of us half an hour to pack the suitcase so you can imagine that you'd be listening to it for a while. Hearing the dialogue repeat constantly gets physically frustrating and playing the game becomes a task with all fun removed either because you're endlessly confused or you're annoyance at the bugs is greater than the tiny feeling of accomplishment you get from the Steam Achievements popping up at odd times.I'll admit, the animated cutscenes are quite good and some of the jokes aren't too bad but if I knew this game would start out with packing a highly unlikable main characters suitcase and 2 hours of confusion before they make a ""oh, the one thing you didn't pack"" joke, I probably wouldn't have bought it. I will continue to play though incase my judgment is changed and because I refuse to be defeated by this game"
76561198277792271,Recommended,214340,30910430,Posted: 2 April,all,TacoScience,"From playing this game for merely an hour, i was surprise.The Game play was good , the story is good and the best part was the humor, its just the best.Although somepart like finding the first stock appear diffcult for me maybe because im just stupid but i think some part is harder than another if you're stupid like me."
76561198060926440,Not Recommended,214340,30806022,Posted: 28 March,all,GhastlyPompano,"The puzzles are made so open endedly that the game feels long and you don't know what steps you are supposed to take when trying to progress. It is a kind of game where you will be checking every single edge of the region and it feels like nothing you are trying is working. This game is almost impossible to completee if you do not have a walkthrough guiding you through some puzzles that just don't make logical sence.The most fatal problem is how badly the puzzles are placed through regions. When you are doing one of the puzzles you have to remember every detail or every screen you've been on previously or you won't know that you are supposed to back track and pick something up that you didn't even know was there.This reason to me is because all the items that you can interact ith are just blended into all the other eye junk. Trust me when I say this game has a lot of eye junk that will make the thing that will solve you puzzle almost invisible.There are no clues what so ever through the game the tell you how you are supposed to complete a puzzle, or how you are supposed to even go about completeing that puzzle.Bad puzzle design, if you do play you need a walkthrough open all the time. Puzzle games that REQUIRE walkthroughs for a player to feel like that are progressing are bad puzzle games."
76561198066022068,Not Recommended,214340,21391048,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,BOBTHEBUILDER,"To capture a runaway toothbrush you need a mousetrap baited with wasabit peas. To get 2 of the same colored socks you need to mix 3 random colored socks into a pot of boiling water, add soap and stir with a fork.Randumb game. Puzzles make zero sense with solutions being found by endless trial and error or referencing a walkthrough, over and over and over again. Main character is whiny and obnoxious. Scenery is decent but character animations look poor and dated. Humor is flat and obnoxious.They occasionally try to get people into the series by dropping this title as low as $0.99, so if you want to try it wait for the deep discount, but dont expect much."
76561198082565832,Not Recommended,214340,24988712,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,scapegoat,"confusing and boring, task take way to long and its hard to find what you need and how to use it"
,Recommended,214340,30603287,Posted: 18 March,all,FantasyGamer,"It's fantastic! Hard at the begining, but doable. I recommend this game for those who don't like easy staff."
,Not Recommended,214340,21615392,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,CazAndrogyny,"Racist, misogynist, transphobic garbage. Gameplay is a terrible example of the adventure genre and the main character is a stain.There are so many excellent adventure titles, please avoid this trash."
,Not Recommended,214340,20482485,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,DrkGreyHawk,Yawn.
76561198055537710,Not Recommended,214340,13656287,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,HilariousMocha9,puzzles dont make sense
76561198024120844,Recommended,214340,12963250,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cowboy Blank,I am groot
76561198118741054,Not Recommended,214340,13383595,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,csdoughboy,"Unintuitive puzzles. Dumb story. Unlikeable characters. Daedelic are good devs, but skip this series. Try Edna & Harvey instead."
,Recommended,214340,3166722,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Astori Heichalot,"Good Ol' point-and-click game,while it has lots of comedies along the way, the adventure story is great.Recommended for ""break"" game !!"
76561198025509897,Not Recommended,214340,20203988,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,some moron,"I don't like the characters, the slowness of the game, the non-intuitiveness, the storyline. I don't like anything about this series. Money back please."
,Not Recommended,214340,28285782,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,EvilBenFranklin,"I wish I could write a review on the actual content, but after a solid two hours of troubleshooting and doing all but an OS install, it and its sequels fail to launch. Refunded all three."
76561198001524903,Not Recommended,214340,23561618,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,GiftingPhoenix,"This game doesn't run although I can open the tool editing for some reason.Can't say much about the gameplay since I've tried reinstalling several times, I can run DOOM 2016 but not this I suppose"
76561198060301780,Recommended,214340,12281012,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,rocco.salvetti,"One thing you need to know about this trilogy is that it gets better and better. In short, this game made me ROTFL every few minutes, it is challenging but rarely frustrating. Wait for it to be on sale and buy a copy for you and one for your best friend. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,214340,16037575,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,✪ sunshine #ZOOM,"Nice, funny game, just want to play more and more"
76561198157354150,Recommended,214340,12388353,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Zolt Mcgee,Amzing game!
76561198233437540,Recommended,214340,30380230,Posted: 7 March,all,kharchangul,one of the best games EVER! right on top with Monkey Island series
76561198147640386,Recommended,214340,30107395,Posted: 22 February,all,Chen,It's a good story behind the scenes but it's almost impossible to solve anything at all without help.
76561198139133718,Recommended,214340,30821020,Posted: 29 March,all,Navy Seal Copypasta,It has a great story and u'd learn some stuff outta this game. 5 hrs of gameplay well spent:)
,Recommended,214340,13036764,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,World's Strongest Virgin,"Is good, you buy!"
,Recommended,214340,18059191,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Selfish Bird,Droggeljug? Droggeljug?! Droggeljug!!!
,Not Recommended,214340,8192020,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Cerzel,The puzzles suck and Rufus is an insufferable ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,214340,25544592,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,TokraZeno,"""Blech, Gnats♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; - RufusI got Deponia in a bundle including 4 other games, so I got my moneys worth out of it. That said, $1 isn't a lot to throw away.Deponia is NOT worth $20.It's a short, shallow post-apocalyptic world with no real attempt at world building (which is sad as the espresso machine showed that it could have had potential), with an unlikable main character (Being by design doesn't make it any better), puzzles that require out of game knowledge (Not everyone has heard of phosphorescence), and a pretentious end of act cutscenes that aren't adding anything to the narrative.Since they've been compared to LucasArts in the description, I feel I should say that this wouldn't even be Act 1 of a Monkey Island game.Rufus is the perfect mascot for this franchise - A self centered egotist who thinks they're a lot cleverer than they are."
,Not Recommended,214340,34425629,Posted: 22 August,all,Buttscratcher,"Good visuals, bad content. The characters are very annoying, they talk too much and explain too much. The plot & storyline is weak. The puzzles are also not so stimulating or braincandy, and don't make sense at all. Lack of intrigue."
,Not Recommended,214340,23991046,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Drhank,"I LOVE games with stories like this, I really do. But I always get stuck for the silliest things. Like in order to progress you need certain items to unlock certain puzzles, even though in reality it's more then likely you could do without those items. But NO, the puzzle requires you to have it or you can't continue onwards... I dont know man, I've outgrown point & click games I think.Just too many times it stops your progress for some arbitrary puzzle and just too many times I'm stuck for hours at it. You can consider this review as ""Yes, I recommend this game"" if you actually really enjoy point&click games, otherwise, skip it."
,Not Recommended,214340,28719571,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,killer-pineapples,"This is a bad game. The jokes are not funny, and the main protagonist is not likable. I 100%'ed this game solely out of spite in a call discussing how much i hated it the entire time i was playing it in the stupid goddamn droggeljug mode. And even then, I only did so so i would not have to even think about playing it ever again."
76561198044849614,Not Recommended,214340,16871020,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Thrallington,"honestly, i could never recommend this game. i understand what they were going for with rufus: an honest appearance of a rpg character, how others would see that person. but he is beyond unlikeable; he has no redeeming qualities and nothing that stops me from wishing he was dead (my only brief period of enjoyment was, in fact, watching him be in pain).the transmisogynistic trope of the town hall clerk being A Man In A Dress, replete with an annoyingly high falsetto and i cannot bother with this game anymore.someone call me back once this game erases rufus and instead it focuses on toni and ms. goal doing something instead of toni existing as a Nagging ♥♥♥♥♥y Ex even though he's lucky as♥♥♥♥♥♥to have her."
,Not Recommended,214340,33942428,Posted: 31 July,all,Superman on diets,"don't recommend this eventhough the story, voice acting, graphic are fine. The puzzle is ridicilously unrelated or at least that's what i think and i had to spend 2 hours figuring things out then ended up watching the walkthrough. This game is just driving me crazy."
76561198134084776,Not Recommended,214340,33872652,Posted: 28 July,all,Coconut Head,"Eh, I can't really reccomend this game. Don't get me wrong, it has it's moments, but overall it's not worth your buy. Rufus, the main character, is annoying, and this game doesn't really have an ending, just a ""to be continued"". I don't mind that, but the other games just offer more of the same, and it doesn't feel like Rufus really grows very much without it feeling artificial. The finale of the trilogy is unsatisfying as all hell, and just leaves you feeling unhappy. Maybe if the whole series is on sale, you should pick it up, but if that's not the case, then I just can't bring myself to recomend it."
76561198300458297,Not Recommended,214340,24253831,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Philip_EA7,"If you are here for Lady,just ignore that.This game was really boring when you were searching something(puzzle game)"
76561198073967531,Not Recommended,214340,29652506,Posted: 2 February,all,14yr Old Hype Lords Rip Off Devo,"Played it for an hour, didn't find any redeeming qualities in that time, refunded it."
76561198026896179,Not Recommended,214340,10140145,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Shock_Yin,"Deponia is a point and click adventure, but without having hints on what to do next, that wouldn't be so bad if the puzzles were logical.  The biggest mistake of the game is Rufus, he's so unlikeable.  Most of the humour isn't funny. It's mostly about how big a jerk Rufus is or what Rufus thinks of other people in the city. Also Rufus voice is not good at all, everyone else had decent voices, but Rufus no and sadly he has the most dialogue in the game.THe game has good sound and art though."
,Not Recommended,214340,16013613,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,megankjones,"Pretty average, wasn't keen on the ending either."
76561198144593917,Not Recommended,214340,18944329,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,mikesanerd,"Pros:+Light-hearted game that makes lots of attempts at humor (some of them successful), especially in the dialog+Interesting setting and a likable main characterCons:-Pacing of the story is very poor. The story moves forward in a very jerky way with 30 second cutscenes of story followed by long, tedious bouts of point-and-click puzzle solving full of very contrived quests which are barely related to the story. (For example: To advance the story by one small increment, you've got to collect these six things. Oh, and each one will have some asinine obstacle blocking your ability to get it.) By the end of each of these game segments I was positively starved for some kind of progress in the story and on the verge of quitting. The story is interesting, but it moves at a snail's pace. It's super-annoying to play for an hour without getting so much as a crumb of story progress. This made the game feel long and dull to me.-I found several of the puzzles to be confusing rather than challenging. In a couple of cases I got the solution through random trial and error before actually understanding what the puzzle was I was supposed to be solving.-The story is completely unresolved, and all you get in the end is a ""to be continued"" ending."
76561197990223466,Recommended,214340,25338943,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,sparkle pony,Great game!
,Not Recommended,214340,22814843,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Cptn,"I was able to play it for a couple of hours offline, but the next day when I tried to launch the game, I was presented with a black screen and back ground music. Real shame, I liked those couple of hours I spent. This problem doesn't seem to just be from me, so fix this please? Thanks."
,Not Recommended,214340,16564350,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,TOKENATOR,♥♥♥♥in turrible
,Not Recommended,214340,31443943,Posted: 29 April,all,Penglong,graphic issues need to fix! Full-screen full need to fix!
,Recommended,214340,18895486,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kitozano,The game is awesome and funny. Highly recomended!!
76561197998197307,Recommended,214340,22952148,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Small dick; Fat tits,my kid wonker juices likey
76561198006933199,Not Recommended,214340,8335145,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Akim,"Way too chaotic, like the bad old point and click.Sorry, I simply could not get into it. The whacky 2-d was bearable, but the humor was bland and made up, and good riddance, the ""riddles""... hairraising. Like the worst point and click adventures of old, where you had to combine stuff in ways, which NEVER any sane person would come to think of it. Just combine random stuff from an overflowing inventory until something happens. No thanks. The puzzles are entirely irrational and hardly can be deduced by logic."
,Recommended,214340,2459492,"Posted: 13 November, 2012",all,Bonder,"Great adventure game- if you ever played Discworld, Deponia, and maybe Jolly Roger, are the closest that have come to that level of greatness. The trailers can be deceiving, they seemed kind of awkward and strained to me, but once inside the actual game, its nothing like that - the humor is great at times, and i genuinely laughed out loud too many times to count. The puzzles are very good. The artwork is awesome, and perfect for the genre.There is a lot to love about Deponia - and like any good tale, I couldnt wait to get to the end, and then wished it werent over when it was."
76561198170203266,Not Recommended,214340,24461632,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Ornlu,"The chacters/dialog is terrible... The game play is fine, but the main chacter was the worst, which doesn't make for a fun point and click game!"
,Recommended,214340,19551799,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Beratャ№⇨➊,"i dont know why i am playing this,but its really funny and good."
,Recommended,214340,21210176,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SONIC,Funny and rly good game! Ty dev
76561198248231502,Not Recommended,214340,33750659,Posted: 23 July,all,fcuk2015,"Please DO NOT BUY any of this Deponia games or bundles with *huge discounts*.  So basicaly they will let you buy bundle for few pounds, you will get two parts of Deponia (it has 4 parts together), BUT your bundle contains only two of them - of course they gave me second and third part so I had to pay few extra pounds for first part what is ok to me but third part cost 16.99 pound ? for stupid 12 hours of average gameplay? really?I am not going to pay anything to company which act like this ...And if you want to buy deponia on sale anyway, prepare around 30 pounds ..."
,Not Recommended,214340,28254653,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,"Good night, mind the tentacles.",rufus is too annoying and the trilogy is a big let down.
,Not Recommended,214340,28288939,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Dreiden Kisada,"The protagonist is such a terrible human that I had to stop playing this game after a few hours.  It stopped being funny after the first few minutes,  Watching Rufus hurt himself isn't worth listening to him.Also, the combinations of items to solve puzzles frequently make zero sense.  It's also hard to click on items in the inventory, have to click repeatedly."
76561198358121755,Not Recommended,214340,32698240,Posted: 23 June,all,pandaafetus,"Tried really hard to like this game. I was stumped on the first room's puzzles (ended up having to use a guide to figure out how to get my final items to leave) You essentially end up needing to just click on every damn thing in the game in order to get anywhere, because nothing is obvious. Ridiculously frustrating.The main character that you play is so unlikable that I genuinely wanted bad things to happen to him."
76561198181056393,Not Recommended,214340,34409286,Posted: 21 August,all,battle-drome,"Overall:It has amazing designs and animation, but lacks the quality content and enjoyment to make them effective.Details:The the characters are all unlikeable, making it difficult to root for the 'underdogs' and every character interaction made the game less and less enjoyable.The story lacks engagement and it becomes obvious that the designs came first and story/gameplay came last when the puzzels are poorly explained on how to solve and some made no sense even by fantasy world logic.(When you do understand them, few are actually fun to solve.)Despite my initial excitement and effort to enjoy the game fully to get my money's worth, my paitence ran out. I kept praying to see character growth or the unlikeable female damsel to actually be tossed aside from the story, neither which ever happened.The game felt like more a chore that I was glad to leave incomplete."
,Not Recommended,214340,34962957,Posted: 14 September,all,Greg,"The main character (Rufus) is brash, immature, selfish, egotistical and surly. If only I'd been able to play this game as a teeneager, I might have been able to relate to him."
,Not Recommended,214340,33610881,Posted: 17 July,all,Жора,"Депония - несмотря на положительные отзывы оказалась весьма посредственным поинт-клик квестом. Паззлы нелогичные, довольно глупо и топорно исполненные, типа как есть две палки в инвентаре на вид одинаковые, но сахарную вату можно только на определённую из них намотать. Или когда надо привлечь внимание кита приманкой, но он её не видит - игра не даст просто осветить её имеющимся в инвентаре фонариком, а будет ждать когда вы догадаетесь использовать фосфоресцентную массу (которая возбуждается от света того же фонарика, и как следствие по оперделению светится хуже). Многие нелогичные дествия можно с натяжкой объяснить тем, что это логика протагониста, который откровенный идиот. Но далеко не все. Лично мне пришлось раза три с досадой заглядывать в прохождение, чтобы намертво не застрять. Многие так и не понял в чём был смысл, почему медитирующий Руфус должен называть себя именно ""Папап"" например, а никак не иначе.К тому же в игре, насмотря на патчи и переиздания до сих пор куча графических багов. Например, когда персонаж заходит в тоннель и типа должен пропасть из виду, игра его отрисовывает поверх, торчащим странно поверх внешней стены.Короче, не рекомендую. Данный квест заметно хуже чем Сибирь или Машинариум.Highly overrated point and click game. Puzzles are bad, illogical mess. (Rufus is Pupup.) Prepare to get stuck and to read the walkthrough, a lot. On top of it - visual bugs, for instance, the one when a character pops out on top of the texture of a tunnel when he should be covered behind it and shouldn't be seen at all. If you want a good point&click game stick to something better, Syberia or Machinarium."
,Not Recommended,214340,33955757,Posted: 1 August,all,♡ Oil Pony ♡,"I did not play this long. I found the charater(s) to be really irretating and whiney right off. I just couldn't take it. I skipped the tutorial to see if that would help. Nope. It felt depressing in a way that I did not want to help, I removed it from my PC. I will not aid them with any of their petty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. In fact I hope they don't survive their stupid tale."
,Not Recommended,214340,32098921,Posted: 31 May,all,tukkek,"Suffers from the exact same problems as all your classic adventure games of old: from the very first room onwards you'll be looking for small objects that are easy to miss on the screen, trying your inventory items on everything in search for a solution, using game logic to accomplish things that make no sense in the real world and getting stuck without any sort of a hint system for help. It's very sad to see a game released in 2012 hasn't learned anything from its many predecessors.Admittedly, it seems to be lighter on these elements than most old point-and-click games so if you're an old Sierra or Lucas Arts adventure fan this most likely will be a treat, with funny writing, good voice acting, a pleasant art style and an interesting setting. If you don't mind using an external guide (cheating) to get unstuck, I'd also recommend this from my first impression. Myself though, not being a huge adventure fan and only coming in because of a 90% discount,I'm pulling out at the first glance of every single bad design that better modern adventure games try so hard to stay away from."
,Not Recommended,214340,17353728,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SacredKeyLock,"OK.... this is a NO review...I always try to be supportive of even the crappiest game, but this.... is... a bit too much crap for my taste.Before reading, please, if you are a huge fan of Daedalic games, you might find this review offensive.Actually, you WILL find this offensive.Do not read.I warned you.First of all, the MC.GAWD the only reason I ended this game was because I was too anal not to finish. I had lots and LOTS of AFK moments to cool down JUST BECAUSE of the MC. I'd rather play a total villain than this sad excuse for an anti-hero.I even turned off the audio because I hated listening to his dialogues, and yes, I also skipped through all.Next, the NPCs.Seriously, they are just as bad... except for 2 who were ridiculously harassed by the MC. I actually like these 2 and wonder, if the character designers are actually capable of creating these 2 great characters, then why is the MC such a crap??????You have anti-heroes, and you have jerks. I don't see any of the first in this game.Plot was OK. The world setting reminded me of the Japanese manga GUNM : Battle Angel Alita.Graphics are good. A good reminiscence of Monkey Island and Gabriel Knight (the 2D animation versions).Soundtrack.... no idea. I was so irritated by the MC's dialogue etc then I turned off the audio completely except when I needed it to solve puzzles. Even then I didn't register it into mind.Puzzle.The puzzles are FRUSTRATING and does not make sense. Yes, it's a fantasy world which isn't logical in the first place, but  unfortunately for puzzles, you do need logic. Fantasy world or not.The order does not make sense. I know what to do, and IMO it doesn't effect the game whatsoever if we mix up the orders anyway. But nooooooo..... we miss a step, we can't move on.I purchased a LOT of Daedalic games in a shopping binge because I was desperate for a good point-click game.Played 3, finished 2, and not even thinking about finishing the 3rd despite my anal-ness.Not even thinking about starting the other ones, and will re-fund if possible.If re-fund not possible, I might play the remaining games just to humor the money I spent, which is NOT happening anytime soon.If you're an avid collector of point-click games no matter what review, then go ahead and give this a try, though I do recommend... HIGHLY recommend that you purchase this only on a big sale.If you're looking for a good gaming time, move along. This is one game you can totally live without."
,Recommended,214340,9614901,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Sigoya,"Droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug-droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug, droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug. Droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug, droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug, droggeljug droggeljug!Droggeljugdroggeljug droggeljug, droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug, droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug. Droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug, droggeljug droggeljug' droggeljug droggeljug.Droggeljug! 5/5"
,Not Recommended,214340,26627876,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,CosmicDan.com,"I tried to like this game. It's probably pretty good. But Rufus, the main character, is the most annoying, arrogant, immature person I can think of. And I'm a millenial! I'm sure this is just minority opinion, it's clearly quite popular. Apart from that, it's alright I guess. Just that main character is a dealbreaker."
76561198348777460,Not Recommended,214340,32516925,Posted: 17 June,all,Zem4uzinka,The game is sexist and offending. Female are treated like a garbage. Its a shame these kind of games are developed and bought. Should be banned.
76561198118531897,Not Recommended,214340,12749383,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,EazeeOne23,"I wanted to like this game because of the funny humour. However, I had to constantly go to google to find a guide to help solve the time-consuming, boring and dull puzzles."
76561198084538408,Not Recommended,214340,12998526,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,shewdy,"This game is so ""funny"" I can't stand it.  Not quite ""ha ha"" or ""heh"" funny ... more like ""your screaming 9 year old nephew wrote the dialog while eating a 50 lb bag of cotton candy and leaving sticky fingerprints all over your screen and spilling soda in your keyboard, and maybe someday we'll look back at this and laugh"".I was excited for this game given the obviously high art quality and ratings, but I made it through the tutorial and first scene and could stomach no more.  As some people have mentioned, the puzzles were harder than many other contemporary adventure games, but they were far from impossible and roughly on-par with the old classics.  The only positive thing I can say about the gameplay is that the solutions to the puzzles were actually amusing, and require you to behave like the horrible person the protagonist is trying to be.Maybe I'll take a deep breath and try again soon."
76561198177577026,Not Recommended,214340,26046476,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,moonlightkitty3,"Storyline moves very VERY slow because of the puzzles, which give you almost no clues or help, and many were solved by sheer luck. (though the game DOES allow you to skip the puzzles if they are too hard, which is nice, i guess?) Came to find that the story is very unfinished, and there are four games, rnaging from twenty to thirty bucks each, and it's definitely not worth ~$90 to find out the ending.I would also not recommend the trilogy pack, as it is still missing the last part of the game, which costs another $30.Pros:- Game was very interesting visually- Occasionally humorous- Puzzles were challenging, and when done right were enjoyable- Story is very interesting and makes you want to know more about the world of the game, and its historyCons:- You never get answers to half the questions you have about the game or its characters- Main character is dislikable as hell, making you wonder why you're even bothering to assist him- Most parts of the game give you NO clue how to progress, (minigames aside, spending 15 minutes trying to figure out where to click is irritating enough)- Story was very short, when all's said and done, but moves extremely slowly, so what would take 1hr to replay takes 6 or 7 the first time around"
76561198078573009,Recommended,214340,9800642,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,HYPNOTICA420X,zombie games are fun
76561198285530831,Not Recommended,214340,24124830,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Slothysaur,"This game isn't garbage, but I still felt the need to get my $3 refund for it. I thought I'd grab it on sale because the story and gameplay looked lighthearted and funny, but I really just found it to be waste of my time that didn't even make me smile once. It is definitely quirky and the characters have an overly sarcastic sense of humor, so I can see how some people may find it funny (I guess). The gameplay is absurd and you'll find yourself just clicking everywhere on the screen to try and figure out what the hell you're supposed to do next. A lot of what you have to do to progress makes no sense because of how whacky the game is as a whole. You'll have about as much luck as a 6 year old when trying to figure it out.Bottom line is, don't buy this game if you won't be satisfied with a very simple point & click adventure. The gameplay is definitely lacking and the story really isn't that good by any means either imo. If you do like basic point & click games, maybe you'll like it. But I still can't see how anyone finds this game that great. It's not terrible, but who wants to waste their time with that?"
76561198038032357,Not Recommended,214340,31660021,Posted: 9 May,all,rzs88,"Got it cheap, figured it might be good, but the dialogue never drew me in. Suppose point and click's just not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,214340,19825493,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Vidservent,Play as a narcissistic egotistical lazy bum that lives in a junk world and hopes for a better place in this point and click game
,Not Recommended,214340,23506268,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Berseker,"The puzzles are pretty decent and the game long enough and challenging. But the humor...I could forgive a few bad jokes, but between the transphobic jokes, the♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and the sexist jokes, it's like the ""drunk uncle on Christmas eve"" cliché just wrote a game."
76561197967462097,Not Recommended,214340,26507255,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,K0ZY,The puzzles make no sense.... you'll spend hours just randomly clicking around in a hope that something makes you proress. A blowpipe made from a funnel? Really?
76561198114856065,Not Recommended,214340,25513445,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Baatezu,"Overpriced, and lasts for 6-7 hours. I bought this game for maybe 1$ or 2 but still overpriced. Don't even think pay for 10$ for this, tho..."
76561198065990737,Not Recommended,214340,28813481,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ErinAS42,Not fun. Characters weren't likeable and treats all the women in the game really poorly.
,Recommended,214340,1883649,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,qptain Nemo,I love this game so much.
76561197971305233,Not Recommended,214340,28356429,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Runie,"You want a nice, logical, point and click adventure game where you don't need a guide to finish it?Then look elsewhere.If you're a masochist who loves clicking everything on everything else and can stand long periods of boredom and doing nothing productive, then by all means, get this game.  It's the same problem that plagued the genre in the 1980's and 90's, and still found it's way into this game in 2012.  It's ridiculous.  I thought we were past crap like this these days.I got this game for dirt cheap as part of some Humble Bundle.  And I still feel like I was cheated.  Old school traditional style point and click adventure games like this, with maybe one or two exceptions, need to freaking die as a genre."
76561198163704974,Not Recommended,214340,21509523,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,annaengle,Sexist. Offensive. Not worth playing.
76561198066490399,Not Recommended,214340,28714317,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,𝔐𝔦𝔫𝔱𝔶,Rufus is annoying.
,Recommended,214340,29327977,Posted: 17 January,all,△ Gucci △,I didn't play it but I'll assume it was good
,Not Recommended,214340,32266209,Posted: 8 June,all,saz,its meh
76561198110468817,Not Recommended,214340,33041270,Posted: 30 June,all,tapownoi,Just point and click that don't worth the price for me.
,Not Recommended,214340,28507773,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,m_indonesia,im confius my english bad :(
76561198059637592,Not Recommended,214340,12442980,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Trevein,Good game. But stumbled upon spoilers of 3rd part. Regret I spent my time on this and made attachemens to characters.
,Recommended,214340,26230798,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Guy.Brush,Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!- Droggeljug!Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug Droggeljug 10/10
,Not Recommended,214340,28239570,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,hoi_gr,The ending killed the entire series.
,Not Recommended,214340,26462675,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Beefy Texture,"Remember The Curse of Monkey Island? If you don't, it was a fun point and click adventure game with funny jokes, nice 2d graphics and great voice acting.Deponia is a game that really wants to be The Curse of Monkey Island. Unfortunaly it is tragically unfunny, the puzzles are dumb and not in a good way, the writing trash and the voice acting is subpar.Deponia is a bad and it is not funny."
76561198138464328,Not Recommended,214340,28311718,"Posted: 11 December, 2016",all,duckdodgers,"To difficult, couldn't progress anywhere without looking it up every 10 seconds."
76561198254441997,Not Recommended,214340,25428671,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,estertan777,"I brought this game as a bundle. The plot is uninteresting and I can't get throught this game without a walkthrought guide. Still, for the price I guess it is a good to play if you have time to waste."
,Recommended,214340,30288697,Posted: 2 March,all,Racookitty2 [PieNinjaPR],"Fantastic story game.Don't remember anybody in it.Never played the next one because: 1, broke and 2, broke.Amen."
,Recommended,214340,1700651,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,ChrisG,"Personally i really like Point and Click adventures since Monkey Island and especially since ""Broken Sword"" (Baphomets Fluch) so if you don't like P&C games at all this recommendation could be wrong for you.Deponia (1st of 3 planned parts) is a game where you play as Rufus, a outsider who still lives at his ex-girlfriend in Deponia (a planet full of garbage which seems to be our earth in future) and dreams about a (flying city) called Elysium which (indeed exist) but not everyone has acces to it. His life goal is to escape from Deponia so the first what you do is another attempt to get there which goes not totally wrong. Instead, you bring ""Goal"" (a girl from Elysium) to Deponia and totally fall in love with her. But... she's unconscious. In Part 1 you mostly try to awake her which seems not that easy.The jokes and situations in which Rufus gets are really funny and very strange.Open End cause of part 2 ofc. 8/10"
,Not Recommended,214340,30637828,Posted: 20 March,all,Cuckhead is a bad game,"Hey my name Zach. You mighta seen me flipping signs at that Pizza Hut on the corner. That was my audition and I hope I get that job cuz I could really use it. I know it gonna be hard but I love a good challenge. I got 9 children Isabella, George, Jonathan, Mary, Jack, Jeremiah, Gabriel, Heidi, Zoe, and Steve. My lil munchkins be needy and they starting to get desperate. My boy Jack took a bite out of our cardboard box. Ever since it been like a freezer at night or somethin. My right index finger lookin purple and been sore but I am gotta keep trying to keep it positive and think of other stuff. I been saving up and I think I can finally get me a shower. Good thing too cuz I smell like a tuna fish. My lil girl Mary won't stop whining and it is driving me crazy. I bought like a great value pack of pacifiers and shoved em in her mouth. If you reading this and wouldn't mind like a slightly used child or maybe like 9 of them call1 800 KIDZ4CASH"
,Not Recommended,214340,23543471,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Zaeteo,"Fragile Masculinity: The Game.No seriously: this game is non-stop misogyny, transphobia, and a plot hinged on creepy possessiveness toward a pretty woman. A woman from another planet falls from the sky and the town hall is filled with the town's men negotiating who gets to 'keep' her. Not to mention such hilarious jokes as a non-passing trans-woman secretary; the main character's irritation at being misidentified as 'Sugarpuff;' and the ex-girlfriend snapping at the main character that she's not going to let him spike her drink with a tranquilizeragain. No thanks."
76561198221087152,Not Recommended,214340,25324465,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,wbroadley,crap
,Not Recommended,214340,26482548,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Juli.exe,"I guess this game is very good for the people who like point and click games, I personally don't think its worth the 20 dollars it costs. I bought it with the deadalic bundle which includes a bunch of other games that also are point and click. The story seems pretty good but I do not like this game at all and I do not like the other games the deadalic bundle had. Again I do not think this is a bad game, its just the type of game the thing I don't like. And why don't I like this game genre, well it's because it gets kind of boring when the game gets challenging. So I do not recommend this for people that have never tried point and clicks or for people that want the game to go by fast and not be that challenging. Thanks for reading."
76561198052952947,Not Recommended,214340,28498443,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Bach,"96% positives review.. how could this go wrong?only good thing this game have is its looks.guess steam reviwers are real losers like the protagonist in this game, if they enjoy playing this♥♥♥♥♥♥tryhard humor that fail in every aspect."
,Recommended,214340,427852,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Darkwulf,"I finished this a while back, but got it on Steam anyhow. A few translation issues aside, and the occasional wtf puzzle, this is an excellent point and click adventure. It is bright, colorful, silly, it reminds me of the old days of Gobliiins, Monkey Island, or The Bizarre Adventures of Woodruff and the Schnibble."
,Recommended,214340,230000,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Sneaking Away Slowly,Amusing game. Reminds me of the good ol' Lucas Arts point and click adventures.
76561198141407931,Recommended,214340,10657392,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ScrappySquirrel,Awesome and very funny. Somewhat like Monkey Island
76561198079515263,Recommended,214340,6923286,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Kaneki Black,Klasse Spiel und sehr lustig
76561198059529979,Recommended,214340,10462153,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Big Heart,"Deponia, despite my original worries, surprised me in the most pleasant of ways, though in hindsight, maybe I'm just a sucker for point-and-click games.Much of the charm of this title is in the sense of humour, mostly presented through dialogue, though the puzzles are no slouches either. For the sake of brevity, I'll keep from gushing, but I put forward my personal recommendation on Deponia. To speak of it more, I imagine I would spend most of my time describing what can already be seen in screenshots, or butchering the punchlines of the dozens of jokes spread throughout the game.8/10"
,Recommended,214340,10534004,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Bobinskee,Is good yar
,Recommended,214340,10538828,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,skittely,"I haven't been playing long, but so far it's great!! The puzzles are logical, but fun and challenging. The storyline is cute as well."
76561198016750495,Recommended,214340,10398036,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Magnus Eisengrim,This is one of the best point-and-click adventure games that I've played in a long time. I found it funny and clever.
76561198012503601,Recommended,214340,10399210,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,DarkEvilSaint,"Great game with lives the tradition of fun point & click adeventures (Monkey Island ...).Some parts of the puzzles are misleading. Sometimes I know what to do to solve the puzzle but the game forces me to do it in a certain illogical way. F.e. when gathering ingredients for a drink that is to be mixed in a machine it forces me to mingle them in a separate container first. Or sometimes there is not enough feedback what a certain action does.Also big parts of the game play in the same village. Finally the game ends too much with a hint for a sequel, which I do not appreciate as a serious business model that respects gamers (at least adventures aren't too expensive these days).That and the above puzzle flaws give the game an unpolished character. But that 's all I want to criticize here.Really good game overall, had a lot of laughs.8/10"
,Recommended,214340,10133410,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Victorian_Madness,While playing this game I could not stop laughing and smiling!!! If you played Monkey Island you know what I mean ... Everything about this game takes me back to the monkey island series and thats not a BAD THING!!! LOVE this love cant wait to get the next chapters :)
76561198079245610,Recommended,214340,10733130,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Mubo Kamikaze,"to anyone who use to play some old school point and click games I.E. full throttle, kings quest, roger wilco, torins passage. this is the game for you. this has brought back a wave of emotions that i've long forgotten . the joy i get from this game brings back childhood memories. this is definately worth it."
76561198088805412,Recommended,214340,10752442,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,milo-eleven,"Great puzzles, great atmosphere, great writting, all together create a almost perfect game. I went into this a little sketchy from my time trying modern 2D point and clicks, but I have to say by the time the credits rolled all I wanted was more. If you're looking for a good point and click, with solid characters and gameplay, then I highly recomend you play this game."
,Recommended,214340,10157498,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Mazer,"I shall keep this one simple.PROS:- Beautiful art style. Great backgrounds and character design- Entertaining music- Good humor- Decent lengthCons:- Some areas are very difficult to figure out due to hints that are very vague.- Rufus's walking speed is very slow and irritating. I had no clue either that you can jump straight to the location by double clicking to bypass the walking until 3/4 into the game.- Storyline is decent but is over-all forgettable.The game is a good point and click. Nothing really screams BAD game to me nor does nothing scream AWESOME EXPERIENCE. It was worth the discounted price I paid and it was mildly amusing as I played. Great game for some, decent for others."
,Recommended,214340,10158015,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,DodgesAndMisses,One of the best point and click adventure game
76561197979579922,Recommended,214340,10549156,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheBradford,"Whimsical point and click adventure. It's a colorful little world and a nice addition to a faded genre, but it displays some telltale signs of why the genre has faded. You'll hit at least a handful of moments where the game becomes less about figuring out clever little puzzles and more about trying every different thing on every other thing until something works. Also, the voice acting is unfortunately pretty terrible. so much so, that you might even consider muting it so you don't have to hear the same lines repeated over and over again as you progress through dialogue trees. The game took me about 10 hours to complete, but I was ready for it to be over after about 6.This is first in a trilogy. If you like point-and-click, it will entertain. But I'd recommend trying this one out before pulling the trigger on the complete Deponia series."
,Not Recommended,214340,10703964,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Search,Unfunny with puzzles that don't seem to have any logic to them. A poor adventure game
,Recommended,214340,10710704,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,© CASTER,Its a very funny and good game!
,Recommended,214340,10711207,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,AAKraigus,"Very reminiscient of Day of the Tentacle from the Maniac Mansion game series.  Pretty good game, although a little short."
,Recommended,214340,10720998,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Zanth,"Deponia is one of the best point and click adventure games I have ever played.  Rufus the main character is a complete jerk that thinks nothing of himself. That is until he meets Goal.  The humor was excellent and gets better through out the game. A few puzzles were difficult, but not impossible. If they are too hard sometimes, you may have the opption to skip it. over all I'd give it an 8.5/10 . The game also has quite a high replay play value becuase you'll always find more to click on."
76561198030958407,Recommended,214340,10571823,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,DarkerBahamut,Point and click adventure game like the classics! The story is funny and interesting and the main character is amusingly inept and egotistical. Completely surprised to find such a high quality adventure game like this out there. I will definitely play the sequels!
,Recommended,214340,19512106,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,IroynArrow,"Great point & click adventure game. Deponia has Monkey Island style puzzles with sometimes wacky combination of items and crazy solutions. Humor is sometimes fun, sometimes a bit childish. Artwork is amazing with many nice and detailed environments."
76561198071106517,Not Recommended,214340,19444986,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,tattoogunman,"I was around when games like Space Quest, Kings Quest, Police Quest, Leisure Suit Larry, etc. were the popular games that basically popularized the ""point and click"" genre.  As such, I still enjoy these types of games and it's nice to see someone making them again.  That said.......I like the art style in the game, I like the music, sound effects, and all of that.  I can deal with a slow moving character, as hair pulling as it may be sometimes.  My only real complaint with this game is, unfortunately, what it's about and that is solving puzzles.I like solving puzzles and I like a challenging puzzle as much as the next person.  Where these games generally excelled in the past is that while challenging, you were still provided sufficient clues to figure out how to get through the games.  This was back in the days before the internet, walk through guides, Youtube videos, and all of that stuff.  Where this game has infuriated me is the puzzles - I do not think that I should have to consult walk through guides in order to complete a game and that is what I find myself doing time and time again.  Judging from other reviews, so have other people.  Again, there was a time where you could find clues in the environment or failing that, after a few failed attempts, your character might offer something helpful - not here.You will need to backtrack to areas that you thought you were done with and generally don't get any prompting to go back to (or even know you can get back to).  You will sometimes need to go back to the same room multiple times in order to find items that should have all been available the first time you were there (unlockables or things of that nature notwithstanding).  You will be required to interact with certain things in the environment, that you thought you were done with, multiple times in order to proceed (I'm not giving examples so as not to ruin for those who haven't played it yet).  There are times where you may have to manipulate the same nonplayable character multiple times to achieve the desired result (with no prompting or hinting that this is necessary to ultimately elicit the required response/result).  The mini games present inside the main game give you no prompting, clues, or hints as to what you are supposed to do to get them to work or how to solve them in most cases.  There are times where you click on everything in the environment and try using everything in your inventory, just to find out none of it works because you didn't realize you have to backtrack to the beginning of the game or some other area you thought you were done with to proceed.  Of course there are other times where what you are supposed to do is blatantly obvious  - I just wish they could have found a middle ground someplace with this.So for those reasons, I am not recommending this game.  If you don't mind having to cheat to get through the game by consulting walk through guides, then give it a shot if it's on sale or offered as a bundle."
,Recommended,214340,29109727,Posted: 7 January,all,CallixtusKayne,This game is pretty funny. Sometimes it takes a while to complete a puzzle but the commentary and voice acting are great and I relate to the main character quite a bit.
,Recommended,214340,7655149,"Posted: 14 November, 2013",all,enthralledecay,"Simple but good gameplay. Puzzles don't always make sense, I used a couple hints while playing. Nice story and very funny characters. Recommended!"
76561198059790370,Recommended,214340,7973399,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,SPΛCΞ,"After having time to play and complete Deponia, I realize just how silly games can be.It began simple, but after a while you would have no idea what to do with the 10 different items you have. You need to combine 4 items to proceed to the next chapter, it feels long but it's actually quite short, My first play through took about 3-4 hours but from then on (if you are an achievment hunter like me) You will spend the next 8 play throughs tring to get every single achviement with no help or hints what so ever.Both the art and the story are pretty much the best that I have seen since I Played 'The Walking Dead'. There are plots holes in the Deponia Story line but there no need to pick at them.There's no need for a meta crittic score here, so I won't give it a score. It's playable but can get rather confusing."
,Recommended,214340,8159561,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DJ Pon3,"I absolutely loved Deponia! It made me so happy to finally play a point click action adventure game again after what feels like ages! Seriously, when was the last time I played an actual great point click adventure game? King's quest 7? Leisure Suit Larry love for sale? I dunno, it's certainly been a while though.This game is brilliant, 2d point click adventure animation at it's finest! I love the characters, the rude somewhat selfish Rufus as the main character who is a real &^% hole (But has a certain reason behind his actions later in the series), Goal the beautiful inteliigent girl of your dreams who is just out of reach, Toni the hot ex girlfriend you secretly wish you were still with and a wacky assortment of city residents who all seem to think your a loser and need to just vanish off the face of the planet.Your mission is to find a way off deponia and reach a utopia of sorts known as Elysium, where it is known to be a clean beautiful land full of happiness and what not...unlike Deponia in which you start from, litterally a landfill of a world composed of junk on top of junk for miles to see. There are tons of animations way more than any point click adventure I have ever seen and I actually ponder quite a bit as to how long it took the developers to create these games. Either they had a large team or this took quite some time.This game is so impressive, I really hope more people give it a try and keep it alive for years to come."
76561197970069574,Recommended,214340,378185,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Cerro,"Reminds me of classic point and click adventures like curse of monkey island.  Good plot, entertaining dialogue and some interesting challenges - not to be missed."
,Recommended,214340,10217320,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,AltF Four,"Very funny.Very straight forward controls, and also some really useful quality of life ones. Life being able to see every item you can interact with, fast move from area to area.I was also very impressed by the voice acting and overall satire of it :)Very Monkey-Island-esque (Which if you haven't played, don't buy this, go play THAT!)"
,Recommended,214340,10258143,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Expand,"Deponia is an action, point and click game that has a very interesting plot and interesting character development."
76561197973507495,Recommended,214340,627796,"Posted: 28 March, 2013",all,Seeleprime,"Awesome, fun little adventure game with great writing and a main character that you just want to mangle in a meat grinder...I mean, help get through the plot without harm.  Honestly though, worth picking up this game and the sequel and giving them both a go!"
76561198037697110,Recommended,214340,9809744,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,wingsolution,"I grabbed this game when it was on sale, and polished it off in one day. Now I want to grab the rest of the series, but I don't have the cash, even at sale prices :(. great game, lots of fun and the puzzles are difficult without being impossible. It reminds me of the second book of 'tales of kyrandia.' If you like adventure games, this is one you want to pick up, and likely the rest from this company, if you can."
,Recommended,214340,9786310,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Mr Sulfer,awsome game one best point and click adventres ive played with the exception of telltales
,Recommended,214340,9788797,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,KeepoN,"I recommend it, you can spend some afternoons on it"
76561198061891609,Recommended,214340,9792341,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,BlackThrone,"One of the greatest game series I have ever playedThe first Deponia game is the best and one of my favorites of all timeThe first game sets the stage for the other two in character development but the story is in no way lack luster.I recomend buying them all at once, as once you finish Deponia you will not want to wait.Overall this is a great game and I HIGHLY recomend it to all point and click gamers"
76561197970502194,Recommended,214340,9813791,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,jfever,"So far I am very impressed with this game. I knew nothing about this game prior to the recent sale on Steam (1.99) and I'm already happy with the purchase about 1.5 hours in. The dialogue is funny in a very self-depricating kind of way. The protagonist is so disliked by everyone that each interaction leads to some pretty great insults. The graphics are lively and the voice acting is solid. So far the puzzles are fine and they make sure to let you know your objectives through the dialogue. As a fan of old adventure games (I grew up on Sierra) I'm enjoying this quite a bit. I keep reading comparisons to the Monkey Island games. So far I like this better but it's early and I don't have any knowledge about the sequels either. The demo is free, check it out, and if you're like me you'll be happy enough to buy it."
76561197968218190,Recommended,214340,9797478,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Blackwolf_swe,+ and -+lots of trial and error+catchy music+hours of fun (unless you use a walkthru)+a complex story to say the least-some very high/low volume issues-sluggish and reused animations-can be extremly frustrating when the logical awnser isn't the right one-almost impossible without walkthru
,Recommended,214340,2059706,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,JonFan (Aki),Enjoy the rebirth of the point and click adventure game starring the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ever!
76561198047963738,Recommended,214340,8273418,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,REMOVED.Inchoate,Incredible story and gameplay
76561198041194031,Recommended,214340,8125478,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,TimidOwl,It's a silly game with a weird story. It's entertaining but can be extremly hard some times to figure out what to do next. Worth a playthrough but it ends on a cliffhanger.
76561197998981217,Recommended,214340,8112620,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Tomwa (β),"Fun point and click puzzle/adventure game that harkens back to the days of Monkey Island with great drawn scenary and animation sequences. Definitely recommended for those inclined to those kinds of games, or just want to take time and recover from all the FPS this and RTS that."
,Recommended,214340,6791817,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,SOBERMAN,"Cool game, u don't say?"
,Recommended,214340,8192602,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,)TN1K( Cuttlas,Good and Fun indie Game. you have a good time with this Game and enjoy Challenging Puzzles.9/10
,Recommended,214340,8193132,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MST3Kforever,"In the spirit of the original Tell Tale games like Sam and Max, Deponia brings a great mix of adventure and comedy to the classic point and click genera.  Puzzles are thought provoking yet solvable without the aid of a walkthrough.  The art is cartoonish but pleasing to the eye, and the characters are lovable and fun.  If you’re a fan of comedy and point and click adventure games then I cannot advise the Deponia trilogy enough."
,Recommended,214340,8195099,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DoctorAutopsy,"I was really excited when I first bought this game (since I was impressed by Harvey's New Eyes), but I didn't care for this game as much. It has some interesting puzzles and very beautiful hand-drawn scenery, but Rufus, the protagonist, is just so incredibly unlikable and motiaved by greed to a fault. I found myself trying to ignore most of his dialogue just to get through puzzles and advance the story, which were the only redeeming things about this game. Buy it (when it's on sale), but avoid the sequel; Rufus doesn't get any better."
76561197992921916,Recommended,214340,1410158,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,DarkMario,"I wanted to make a parody of the music they play in the transition between acts in this game, but I cant think of anything good. This game is fun, the puzzles are clever, the voice acting is beyond good and there are some pretty funny moments. You cant die but that dosent change the difficulty. More then once (a lot more) I had to use a guide to help me. But that doesnt mean its hard. If you like the old school point-and-click games (like Monkey island) I would HIGHLY recommend that you give this game a shot."
76561197960515816,Recommended,214340,8196787,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,The Gravyness,"If you like the Monkey Island series of games, this is a good alternative.I would suggest this to anyone looking for a point and clock adventure"
76561198036988452,Recommended,214340,8196926,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,p5ychol,"First impression  ""ZEE GERMAN adventure game? WTF this♥♥♥♥♥♥cant be funny.... ""Then i bought it and  must say: this is one of best adventure-comedy games since old lucasarts/sierra games."
,Recommended,214340,8212322,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Testament,"A fantastic adventure, comedy, puzzle solutions game."
76561198083958603,Recommended,214340,8225471,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sammy2skis,"I really enjoyed deponia, it is vey complex yet very funny. The puzzles are very tricky but are cleverly made."
,Recommended,214340,8246029,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,XxGOTHxX,This point and click adventure is fairly entertaining with a lot of funny dialogues. Perfect if you only have a bit of time to play every once in a while.
76561198052321465,Recommended,214340,8249610,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Blasse,"If you loved point and click games from the passed this is a must! Bad humor and lovely art work, the whole trilogi is brilliant!"
,Recommended,214340,8230405,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kythlyn,"Deponia isn't a perfect point and click adventure. The protagonist isn't the most likable character, and it's easy to get very stuck. But it's still worth playing and provides a good introduction to Deponia's two sequels, which are both much better games.Follow the link below to my full review.http://gamerhorizon.com/lttp-deponia-review-a-pile-of-trash-worth-digging-through/"
,Recommended,214340,8237974,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,OmegaJeff,"While I did enjoy this game for its lovely art style and its classic 90s era take on the adventure genre, I can only recommend this first entry in the series with some reservations.  The dystopian setting of the titular Deponia is a literal trash heap orbited by the idyllic Elysium (not to be confused with the blockbuster movie of the same name, with the same plot).  The cartooniness dulls the edge of the grim setting, but there's still some hearty meat to it.  This first entry explores much of what there is worth exploring, and the ending feels solid enough that you can easily leave it there without further sequels.However, throughout the game the central character Rufus becomes more and more insufferable.  He's endearing at first, but near the end of the game it starts to become exhausting.  For this first entry, it's not quite a deal breaker.  But by the start of the sequel, he gets to the point of being completely intolerable.  While it's obvious they're trying to channel Guybrush Threepwood, it crosses some hard to define line at some point and he becomes so grating you just can't help but turn it off."
,Recommended,214340,8371517,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Certifiable,"Not too bad, very much a loving Lucasarts/Sierra style point and click game with a rougher comedy style, but the art and music make up for that! Unique setting too! (Trash world!)Worth a buy for another fun point and click to own!"
,Recommended,214340,10141500,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Een portie dumplings,Very funny game and also fun to play
76561198080586404,Recommended,214340,12039527,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,clongtin,"It is a very nice game with a point and click concept that allows for a user friendly experience.The story is neat and the puzzles lead to sometimes unexpected results. You quickly get attatched to some characters and quickly detest others. However, the game can be completed in a very short amount of time. I was dissappointed with that. Best wait until it is on sale for that reason."
,Recommended,214340,12032080,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,aurealismo,"Just finished the game. Interesting storyline, smart puzzles, beautiful hand-drawn graphics, good voice overs. My only disappointment is that the dialogue options position got messed up sometime, but it's a minor complaint. I recommend this game to anyone who loves the point & click adventure genre such as the Monkey Island series. I will definitely buy the sequel. Great job to the developer!"
,Recommended,214340,12117257,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,InsertTextHere,Not my thing but it looks funnt xD
76561198052256178,Recommended,214340,12104962,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,spiderkingfish,"An enjoyable point-and-click adventure with interesting characters and setting. Puzzles make sense and are possible to figure out even if, like me, you are not an expert at the genre. Well worth it."
,Recommended,214340,3791728,"Posted: 6 January, 2013",all,ACTiON || Hoff 9000,"An incredible adventure game!  Witty, charming, tongue-in-cheek humor make this game a big hit for me.  I definitely suggest picking this game up, especially if you're a fan of a good story.  It's the first part of a trilogy of which it's subsequent titles I expect to unquestioningly throw all my money at.  In the slightly altered, though nonetheless eternal, words of Bender from Futurama:  ""[Buy this game]...or I will lose all respect for you and punch you."""
,Recommended,214340,19180612,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,Dr. Blutengott,"Very fun adventure game, like Monkey Island with sci-fi junkyard punks."
,Recommended,214340,4827816,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Gurdiak,"If you like point and click adventures, tou will love Deponia, one of the whittiest games I've ever played"
,Recommended,214340,19148714,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,silver for monsters,Worth it for the beautiful world and puzzles.
,Recommended,214340,19015364,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Hurricane Taylor,"Deponia is set in a world completely over run by garbage, even being used as a junk heap for another world, Elysium. You play as Rufus, a self proclaimed 'inventor' whose only goal in life is to get off of Deponia and enter Elysium.The world itself is gorgeous, the art style is great and the voice acting is fantastic (I was particularly in love with Captain Bozo).However, it has it's problems. The main one being that Rufus is not a likeable character at all. At best he's an antihero. I actually found myself rooting for him to fail at times. The start of the game sees Rufus trying to create a rocket to launch himself onto one of the garbage trucks that tower overhead so he can get onto a transportation system to Elysium. He has to pack a bag first and you find lots of nagging messages around the house left by his roommate. Rufus apparently doesn't do his fair share of the housework. You later find out that his ex girlfriend is actually letting him live there for free, hoping that he'll get his act together, get a job and occasionally pick up after himself and Rufus still rolls his eyes at her and thinks she's a cow?Anyway despite the unlikeable protagonist, the game is fun, the puzzles are interesting, if a little obscure, there are some funny parts in the game, and the rest of the characters are great"
76561198253825983,Recommended,214340,18727944,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,busra_tufan,"We played this as a couple, it was different than what we expected, but in conclusion we recomend this game if you like point and click types.What we like:-Good story telling-Fun characters-Hard (in game) puzzles-Good drawings-Nice jokesWhat we don't like:-It takes longer than we expect (depending on price it can be on pros, too)-Some scenes give no clues about what to do and only option is to click until you drop dead to find the solution or look for a walkthorugh (or they were hidden so good we couldn't catch the clues)-There should be more in game puzzles though"
,Recommended,214340,18737417,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Nightvale,"This is one game that just has a wonderful story. Its charming and hilarious from the beginning to the end. I found myself more and more into it with every step I took toward my ultimate goal. The puzzles were clever and challenging, although some of them just make you wanna rip out your hair trying to figure out what the flip to do! I can't explain the number of times I found myself stuck. However, once you do figure it out, its satisfying and it all makes complete sense. Thats the moment when you smack yourself in the face for being an idiot.I bought this in a mega-bundle and It was a fantastic deal. Definitely worth playing, but I wouldn't have paid full price for it. Enjoy, or dont.Derp."
76561198067453194,Not Recommended,214340,18815039,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,KroeboCop,Overwhelming ridiculous puzzles and humor that goes up to a higher level. However fine the first few hours of the game. 4/10
76561198095889047,Recommended,214340,18960634,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Cici,Long hours of fun!
,Recommended,214340,2609671,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,diazflac,"You are Rufus: A sexist, selfish, deadbeat, mooching egomaniac with quick fingers, bad luck, and high hopes.Your new plan to escape the trash heap of a town (literally) of Kuvaq is flawless (naturally, because you thought of it!)All goes perfectly according to your genius plan....yes, even the part about accidentially rescuing the beautiful maiden from the sky by knocking her out of it, and being thrown off the ship that would have finally given you freedom.Did I say ""thrown off"" ? Sorry, I meant, selflessly returned to save the helpless damsel in distress, because you are such a generous individual.Will you be able to reach your ""Goal"", and finally break free from the dregs of Deponia, so the world will see just how much better you are than everyone else?"
76561198012079727,Not Recommended,214340,19369031,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Arvisun,"I wanted to like this game, I'd seen footage of it and though hmm that looks like fun, but the reality is far from it. Cringeworthy dialogue, an uninteresting lead/world, bland puzzles. It had all the ingredients to make something wonderful but someone vomited into the cooking pot and it was a mess. I didn't want to clean up, do you?"
76561198263048964,Not Recommended,214340,19379932,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Furby,"I wish I could give this game the rating it deserves, because it seems like a truly great game. I very much enjoyed the portion of the game that I got to play... it almost reminds me of old Sierra games like Space Quest.And then I made it to a certain recipe item that bugs out in your inventory and prevents you from furthering your progress in the game. Very, very disappointing... :(I will keep the game in my inventory in hopes that they get it patched, but I can not recommend it as-is. I really do hope the devs get it patched too, because I really want to recommend it to a couple of friends to play. If the devs read this review, do understand: your game is beautiful and very fun to play. The question asked was, ""Do you recommend the game?""... and in the current form, sadly, I can not.I played it on an i5 with windows 7."
,Recommended,214340,19387714,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,The Spark,",,That piece of garbage has to be mine!"" said qurius. :3- This game is for a really really REALLY patient, curious and smart (or manual reading) people! And I'm really stupid and impatient.BUT+ It has simple, funny and very pretty animation!+ Nice soundtrack!+ The story is hilarious!+ It's really great, when you come home tired after a long day, you just sit down to computer and *click... *click... *click click... nothing bothers you anymore.. *click...I enjoy playing it but I highly recommend taking a long break after every 1 hour.""Thanks!"" said qurius. :3"
76561197976641472,Not Recommended,214340,19403492,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Bonk!,"It's nice to see people trying to revive a dieing genre but this game was just more of a chore than an enjoyable experience.  I found myself looking up the answer to something because the logical answers weren't working, or there would be times that I just use all the items together just to see if something happened instead of trying to figure out what went together logically."
,Recommended,214340,19400619,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,h0tsp4ce,very fun :D
,Not Recommended,214340,19355966,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,The Wizard,"This game is well animated and has an OK story. My problem with it is that it is too easy to overlook parts of the scenery. This leaves you with times of frustration because you have overlooked something that you need to interact with to progress.A few times during my playthrough, I needed to look-up a walkthrough, which took away from my enjoyment of the game. The story is OK, but not good enough for me enjoy it with the frustration I had."
76561198019513329,Recommended,214340,3248975,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,WTFPsychoPewPew,"Finally a good adventure in the style of Monkey Island, much funs!"
,Recommended,214340,4421154,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Ant Baby Machete Squad,"A fun point and click/adventure game with fantastic art style, great voice acting and a charming world/story. The puzzles will be easy for those who love these games but not so much that it's off putting. Daedalic has earned a fan."
,Recommended,214340,256616,"Posted: 23 August, 2012",all,Z Chrispian Chrispin Crisp,"Rufus is this generations Guybrush. That's not a fanboy title, he is hopeless in his own way and endearing for that reason. Its not as hard as Resonance and most puzzles are of the medium to hard difficulty and maybe one or two boarder on Toonville or Discworld quality.  Story is told well and the art design on the worlds are original and interesting to explore. I wasn't bored or frustrated when I was temporarily stuck just motivated to solve the problem because I knew I was missing something. It will take you a while if you don't use a guide which I dont do myself unless stuck for days and days...then i might want a hint. Eitherway the only let down is when it ends..you are left wanting a lot more and its certainly been set up for a series of games. Good fun"
,Recommended,214340,573769,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,General Kysieran,"Start is a bit slow, but it gets alot more engrossing further on! Recommended!"
,Recommended,214340,1294878,"Posted: 24 January, 2013",all,Gilder the Squidslinger,Its what it looks like. A distopian trash world adventure game. The story is a bit more grown up at times than you'd expect from games like it. Jokes are funny and characters just as good. The only part where it may have issues in is solving the puzzles. Some aren't that easy to figure out even when talking to characters in game. But digging out a guide online is not hard. If you want a goofy and somewhat original story like this then I totally recommend Deponia.
,Recommended,214340,857320,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Lynix,"Great adventure game!I especially love the Artstyle, humor and music of the game. They all blend together so well.It consists of a somewhat egotastic main character who's only dream is to go to Elysia, the town of the upper sphere. His escape plan goes wrong and now he has to save an Elysian girl he accidentally knocked out of the sky.It's a great game. There's so many references, not so much as to completely break the game free of your immersion though.I cannot stress how awesome this game's humor is, and while the main character seems a little egotastic, I only found him really annoying at one point throughout the entire game.If you are a fan of Adventure games, i can without a doubt say that this is one of the best I've played in years, and is a must buy."
,Recommended,214340,7775121,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Samuringa,"A great point-n-click adventure with nicely drawn graphics and no pixel hunting or ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ puzzles. If you're a fan of the genre, this is greatly recommended but be warned it is the first of a trilogy and it's ending does not provide much closure."
,Recommended,214340,1788940,"Posted: 25 November, 2012",all,Sopapaya,"Nice-looking art, witty dialogue and an engaging plot make Deponia an excellent point-and-click adventure. Overall, a very fun experience!"
,Recommended,214340,7379026,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Zedd's dead,"This game is one of the better puzzle adventure games I have played.  Lots to figure out, pixel hunting is present but not too painful, story is solid and the puzzles are interesting if not too difficult.  The main character is a bit unlikeable but that is intentional.If you are a fan of the genre, this one is a must have"
,Recommended,214340,218647,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,Muffins,"This game sort of thinks it's funnier then it really is. Also, the game gives you some dialog choices that suggest the element of choice over your character. But really, Deponia loves Rufus to be such an amoral ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, they are all false options instead.The puzzles are pretty decent though and it has some fun characters, but ultimately I would definately recommend caution on this one."
,Recommended,214340,1253930,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,Loman,"For anyone who likes point and click adventure games, this is a must play. Very witty and funny and well worth the price."
,Recommended,214340,6660197,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,P1nkie_P13,Funny point and click adventure :)I highly recommend it.
76561198008264990,Recommended,214340,29569066,Posted: 29 January,all,Chompobar,"I got this game for less than a dollar.Honestly, it's funny. The graphics are pleasant and it's well written.I'd recommend it."
,Recommended,214340,17010675,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Feufo,"Deponia is a Point & Click game and the first part of a trilogy, preceding Chaos on Deponia and Goodbye Deponia.The game takes place on the planet Deponia, a real discharge on a large scale. At a distance floats a paradisiac platform, Elysium, reserved for rich people and inaccessible for the inhabitants of Deponia. We control Rufus, a clumsy character with an outsize ego, which loathes the household and working, and wishes only a thing: leave Deponia for Elysium. During an attempt to leave Deponia, Rufus meets Goal, a young inhabitant of Elysium who's here by mistake. He thus decides to return her at home, while hoping to be able to take advantage of it to join Elysium.All right, the scenario is not very original, we stay in the classic pattern of a prince who has to save the princess. But the universe is very nice, rather funny, both by the mind of the characters and by the nonsense of some situations. The gameplay is simple, we collect objects, then we combine them with other objects in the inventory to interact with the elements of the screen. Furthermore, by pressing on the space bar, we can locate at once the elements which we can interact, even if it is never very complicated to find them.Deponia is reminiscent of one of the pillars of the Point and Click, one of my favorite games: Monkey Island. Even if this latter remains much better, we do not remain indifferent to Deponia, to its cartoon animations, its colored universe, its musics and sound effects. Deponia should take you till 10 hours of game to end it.At the end of the game, you unlock the mode Droggeljug, completely useless, which replace all the names and conversations by the word ""Droggeljug"". But it's fun! :)"
76561198099084092,Not Recommended,214340,17042538,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Linwel Lady,"It was an okay game. Some parts were difficult to get through as this game was sexist, homophobic, and transphobic. The main character is the ""typical"" egotistic, lazy, and dirty minded male. The plot is focus on Rufus attempting to leave Deponia, lugging around an unconscious damsel in distress, and then switching out her BRAIN IMPLANT for his benefit. Worst of all her name is GOAL! Really, that is her name!  Point and click adventures are a genre I enjoy, and it was sad to see such a difference in gaming experience between this and Edna & Harvey: Harvey's New Eyes. The puzzles themselves were enjoyable and there were moments of humor in good taste. Overall, I would not have bought this game knowing what it truly was, and ignored the very positive reviews. If you like a game that has sexism woven throughout, then this is a game you most likely will enjoy!"
76561198006626799,Recommended,214340,17019154,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Orion,Great adventure ever you shouldn't even hesitate!
,Recommended,214340,17024615,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Aeo,"One of the best point and click games I have played so far.Story- Some people may get annoyed by the attitude of the main character but just bear with the first parts of the story and see how everything turns out. It's totally worth it. The pacing of the development of the story and the main character is just right. From someone who's so egotistic to someoneheroic.Visuals- I can say that the artstyle used is quite relaxing, at least for me.Gameplay- The usual point and click game. Find some objects, solve puzzles, engage in conversations to get some clues. Beware of the WTF-ish solutions the main character has for some problems, though. I don't usually check Google for walkthroughs but there are just some parts in this game that left me no choice. Haha.Music- Nothing worth remem.... WAIT. There is. The Chorus guy!"
,Recommended,214340,17092399,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Shinvon Wings,"Good Story.Forgive me getting through the story by looking guides all the way. However, this way still gives me a feeling like watching a 8/10 or higher rate movie."
,Recommended,214340,17306943,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,IIIStrife,"Deponia is a point and click adventure puzzle game about a man named Rufus who lives on a ""Planet"" entirely covered in garbage. (I say Planet with quotations simply because the characters state it's on a planet different form a city called Elysium, located high in the sky, presumably in orbit, even if that doesn't work at all). It's set in the future of our time so you could say it fits into Sci-Fi aswell.Either way, Rufus wants to get to Elysium and he's... well he's rather mad, but he has the brains to get out of any situation, including the situation where he's on Deponia, a place he hates more than anybody else.The game takes... well about as long as it's taken to beat it, but unfortunately like all games in the same genre, once you play it, it takes basically 30 minutes tops to beat it again, knowing all the information, even if that's good for a few laughs.When you play this game, in order to beat some part you REALLY gotta think with conventional logic or even like a smart person and I sometimes fail at that, requiring a walkthrough to figure out what to do with some things.The game has alot of tongue-in-cheek humor bits, and even some normal bits of humor. The art style is very nice with great animations, although unfortunately the lip-syncing is sometimes a bit off, like in the start of the game, it's not too big of a deal.The music is also great but if you get stuck, turn it off or you'll hear it again and again. There's not really too much music, variation for music would've helped somewhat. The game has cats at one point and they're miserably adorable.The puzzles are challenging, but ofcourse it's the main reason as to why it takes 30-40 minutes to beat it given all the puzzle answers are given to you.The story is very engaging though, it's easily the best part of this game. I love Rufus' character, the other characters are just as great, all of them very well voiced and even to say the least, they are even interesting people... when looking at main character such as Gizmo, Rufus, Wenzel, etc.I personally loved playing this game start to finished and even after all this time, I still have the puzzles all memorized to heart... mostly.Droggeljug mode is a special mode that makes it extremely difficult if you don't remember dialogue options, or even know how to skip things as literally every word of text and even dialogue is replaced with the word Droggeljug. Just one of them for text, however this would've been nice for dialogue too as it doesn't follow the same thing, causing Droggeljug mode to be deeply irritating. It could be changed by simply having one word per dialogue option instead of it being word for word replacement.Altogether, the game gets an 8/10. It's great fun, has a splendid atmoshpere, world and story, and the characters are nice too.It would score a 10/10 but Droggeljug mode being really annoying as the word that characters say have no variation, it's just one sound clip looped over and over per character, it detracts from it a fair amount in addition to the fact that many items used on something results in the exact same reaction from Rufus in contexts that don't really make any sense for it, and also if the music had some variation, as it will eventually lose it's value as you get stuck (if you're like me, you WILL get stuck at least once) and hear it for many loops of it."
,Recommended,214340,17259291,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,rkdj,"Deponia, oh boy, don't get me started. I really really loved the game..the charmeful characters, the nice scenery, so funny jokes and awesome writing (yeah jokes, but also story). In my opinion the best point and click adventure ever made..sorry, Guybrush. Masterpiece 11/10."
76561198166333531,Recommended,214340,21702076,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,airbuddd,"I read bad♥♥♥♥♥♥about this game but saw it was in a big sale. I've wanted to play it for a while man. Now im here, best 1.1 Hr i've played so far. If you got clams, lets go dude-Airbud"
,Recommended,214340,21756026,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,el Conquistador,"The game is really enjoyable. You should play this one even if you haven't played ""point and click"" before. Deponia represents it's genre in the new, right way. After playing it i can say that developers put alot of work in it. Everything is well-thought and well-designed. Role of the each character is significant. And the best part is definitely the story(excluding the protagonist of course)."
76561198046469534,Recommended,214340,21605404,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Ravenwich,"Deponia is a point-and-click adventure game reminiscent of the Lucasarts classics. It tells the story of eternal screwup and egomaniac Rufus and his efforts to escape the garbage-filled planet he lives on to reach a floating city, Elysium.All in all, the game is well paced, funny, and the right mix of challenging and logical. There was no singular moment where I was just baffled over an answer, though the game does offer large enviroments that can sometimes be overwhelming.If you are a fan of the genre, this game (and it's sequels) should definitely be in your collection, but it certainly won't be worth it to those who are not."
76561198248923772,Recommended,214340,21672553,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,xslima00,Nicely drawn adventure with sense of humour.
,Recommended,214340,21768423,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,edikoisi,If you want a point and click adventure game that every action and combination between items make perfect logical sense then this is your game!
,Recommended,214340,21203827,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,mkpw,"★★★★★★☆☆☆☆Well, it's not so bad and may be evenworth playing if you have some time to spend and if you like point and click adventure games with classical 2D graphics.Unfortunatelly there is a few puzzles, which are simply illogical and frustrating (e.g. you need to perform quite lond sequence of proper actions to move the story forward or you need to repeat some action a few times with literally no clue that it makes sense to try once again). The story is fine and finishing the game gives a great satisfaction, but using obligatory walthrough (due to aforementioned blockers) make it less enjoyable.I'm goint to buy next two chapters. As far as I know the second and the third part of the game is much better, with well balanced puzzles and equaly good story."
,Recommended,214340,21648375,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Merethe,Droggeljug.
,Recommended,214340,21628704,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,OutlawSnake,"This is a game that is true to the fans of these point and click adventures, along the line of sam and max to maniac mansion (yes most good ones came from lucas arts). If you loved those old humorous games of the type than this is not that far from it. Loved every moment and but, by no means does it bring anything new to the table."
,Recommended,214340,17880216,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,E$e$m@n3k,Turn on 3rd movie.  Stop at 29 sec.  You're welcome.BTW. What are they doing with this car?
,Recommended,214340,21606161,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,tatzelwesen,"I cannot praise this game enough. It is worth every single penny. It is smart and an unreasonable amount of fun.I don't like Point&Click games - at least that's what I thought Deponia blew my mind.The character you play, Rufus, is a constant thief, tries out everything no matter how much harm it does and generally is an egocentric who doesn't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about other people's feelings... Which, actually is the incarnation of how you automatically act when playing an Point&Click adventure.I love Deponia for this kind of subtle, intelligent humor. I love Rufus. And I love Daedalic for developing another sequel, Deponia: Doomsday. The adventure isn't over yet! Hurray!"
,Recommended,214340,21480975,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,AimoPala,this game is just brilliant
,Recommended,214340,21564871,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,Brunstwig,"I enjoyed it, but I enjoy point and click adventure games, you could give me a point and click adventure where you have to search a concentration camp for items to kill yourself with to end the misery and I would still praise it if it had good puzzle design."
76561198253061104,Recommended,214340,21613054,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Lovins,"Pros:-Great humor ( a little dark, so keep that in mind )-Awesome animation-Storyline was inventive and easy to fall in love with-Rufus is now my bf. He is funny and great with his hands.Cons:-Some puzzles are hard to click ( not really a con.. just buck up buttercup.. it's a good game >T )-Some of the cut scenes are weirdly loud... So prepare thy ears!-Say goodbye to some hours of your life* There are some german subtitles along the way ( even in english )"
76561198275917329,Recommended,214340,21843556,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,ToastedBones,"Deponia is literally a dump that Rufus is desperate to leave at the expensive of his friends and his ex, for reasons that are not immediatley apparent. This pretty much makes him a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag, but once past this initial premise, Deponia provides a fun point and click ride.Its full of humour aimed in all directions, jibes at characters, adventure game tropes and even at the player trying all combos to progress, it genuinely puts a smile on your face.The puzzles are well paced, starting in confined areas and expanding the world as you go. The story might not be that deep and certain characters don't always work, but the dialogue is strong, the scenery is lovely and the situations the characters end up in keep you invested. Two thumbs up from me.."
76561198172171358,Recommended,214340,21733509,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,NudeMariachi™,"Been a fan of point & click since the first Monkey Island release, and I gotta say that this is trully a hall of famer Point & Click. Exceptionally chalenging and witty, Rufus, the main character is funny and a type of anti-hero you'll fall in love with. Wishlist it, buy it, love it, have sex with it."
,Recommended,214340,21904670,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Gravelfoot,"The story of a lovable and selfish idiot living on a world that has be reduced to a scrap heap.The writing is funny and the story is good. I find it hard to write too much about this game without spoiling it, so I will just finish off by saying, that this is a good adventure game that really is worth your time.ps. John Walker is a vindictive fool."
76561198045070428,Recommended,214340,22055760,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,That One Kid You Know,"This is probably one of the best P&C Adventure games I have ever played.  Rufus is one of those characters wher eyou want him to win because he's an underdog but you also want him to lose because he's an idot and a tremendous ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  The whole trilogy was phenominal.  But the ending was the most frustrating thing in the world.  Not spoiling, just warning."
,Recommended,214340,22080042,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,PhoenixFS,"I really well and truely love this game. The animation style is beautiful, there's a perfect amount of humor and the characters are rather interesting.Set in an intreguing future world filled with junk, you play as Rufus who seems desperate to get out of Kuvaq and to Elysium to make a better name for himself. He's an idiot along the way, has a few mishaps and has his heart stolen - not quite so literally though (sorry to disappoint).For anyone who is interested in animation or even video game design, this game should be at the top of your wishlist - or even better, in your library - so that you can get a basic and rough idea and how things word in this wonderfully made, 2D point and click enviroment.11/10"
76561198203204627,Recommended,214340,22080314,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,redhataugust,Simply amazing... I loved this game!!!
76561198011078682,Recommended,214340,21999568,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,InfantryBarrage,"I very rarely play point and click games. They don't keep my attention. That being said, I very much enjoyed this game. There were some funny moments and it has interesting and beautiful areas."
,Not Recommended,214340,9974267,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Janim,"What can I say? My first adventure game I completed was Leisure Suit Larry in the Land of Lounge Lizards in late 80's, and I have been fan of adventure game genre ever since.I had quite high expectations of this game. It looks nice, and the setting is interesting. However, the puzzles... They are not puzzles. They are tedious combinatorial work with little or no logic. A review in Metacritic pointed to walkthrough to see what is wrong with this game and now I do the same. See how to make espresso! The solution to thissingle operation... it's 6 freaking pages long, containing about 200 steps, and there are literally tens of steps that do not make sense in any way.The puzzles really get in the way of the story. That's it. I feel like a monkey who is supposed to guess what the designers had in mind. I don't think it's fun at all."
,Recommended,214340,3045081,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,Dr. Noise,"The 90's gave us the best storyline adventure games ever.  While they're not as popular as they were back then, there are still developers making some amazing point & click adventures.  Deponia is one of them.  What is really amazing also is the overall look of the game.  All the artwork is hand done.  I recommend it.  Also their other games."
,Recommended,214340,9976601,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Catapulter,"Play this game. The characters and acting are excellent as is the story. The puzzles range from simple to challenging, providing a great mix of game play."
76561198014754649,Not Recommended,214340,13177155,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Csesium Gaming,Humor fell flat for me. Didn't find it terribly interesting so I stopped playing and uninstalled after a short time.
,Recommended,214340,13130160,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Rolo,"I recommend all three Deponia games to any fan of the genre or anyone thinking of trying the genre.  The puzzles, I think, are engaging, even if on the easy side (neither a good nor bad thing).The environment, characters, story, voice acting, and soundtrack are all entertaining and memorable.  The acting, artwork, and music are all AAA/world-class.  As with any play-once/interactive fiction game, I recommend it at deep (75%+) discount."
76561198024969911,Recommended,214340,13482255,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Yendor,"Excellent adventure game -- a lot of humor.One interesting aspect of Deponia: You play Rufus, a protagonist whose character answers the question ""How would a real-life person who grabs everything that is not nailed down behave?"" You know the type [non-spoiler examples by the way]-- the one who insists that there is a perfectly viable reason to for example break into a museum at night to break a priceless ming vase because there might be something inside, and is sincerely apologetic he needed an amputee's prosthetic leg to knock a kite out of a tree instead of buying one from the store.One aspect: This is a game whose absurdity occasionally extends to puzzle design. So you will probably need either a walk-through or a large dose of experimentation to solve everything.Last comment: If you read the review and know you're going to love the game, go ahead and get the Complete Edition which bundles all three games. Just don't click on the commentary boxes until your second play-through."
,Not Recommended,214340,13525923,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Pampalini,"I was really looking forward to play this point and click adventure. At the beginning I was enjoying it. Graphic is realy wonderfull. After while I have discovered that main character is real idiot. So self centeredn, annoying character... It was pain to walk him through simple story.Some puzzles are really hard to crack with logic."
76561198093513125,Recommended,214340,13413926,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,[wrd],"Actually a very nice adventure. It reminds me of monkey island. The complexity of the puzzles, also the bizarre logic back then. Unfortunately the game is very short."
76561197984431354,Recommended,214340,13427407,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Terminator,"Rufus is a strange guy indeed, but nevertheless, among all the inhabitans he was the only one to really care about Goal along with the Deponia itself! And however strange it sounds, he finally decided to sacrifice personal interests for the welfare of others. So, after all, he's a hero. Just a little bit nuts...Excellent game, used a walkthrough only a few times when bumped serious snags.Some achievements didn't count, though.P.S. Toni is so patient and hot! She's got it all, classic shape!"
,Recommended,214340,13803382,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Itxaro Kefira,"Love the art and animation style, the characters are amusing, and the awkward humor is great. Brings back a bit of that Monkey Island charm."
,Recommended,214340,13742811,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ThaChie,Nice game!!
76561197971481051,Recommended,214340,520546,"Posted: 9 November, 2012",all,Captain Obvious,"Turns out the Germans know how to make silly adventure games that take you back to the whacky times of the Monkey Island or Discworld. Its not quite on par with those classics, but close enough to be a fun little time-killer."
,Recommended,214340,13699177,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Veko,"Solid game with a decent story, great dialogs and some VERY challenging puzzles.This game is like herpes but a cool version ;)"
,Recommended,214340,13730004,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheMisterMonte,"This game is amazing. The artwork is beautiful, the voice acting is great, the music is catchy, and the storyline is a tale to behold. As soon as I got it I started playing and couldn't stop. I managed to finish it in two days and am looking forward to getting the next in the trilogy. There are some spots that are a bit back-and-forth; but a double-click fast-travel really speeds things up. Some of the puzzles are a little hard to get a grasp of, mainly because they normally wouldn't work in real life; but this ain't reality folks. It's hard to find great games like this nowadays and I hope to find more. Good luck to all who play in the future.d~(^.^)~bWARNING!I realize that some people have issues with some of the jokes being made, but try to remember that they are indeed jokes and aren't meant to offend. So anybody sensitive to that kind of comedy, stay away. And one more thing; the main character (Rufus) is understandably hard to like, but again, he is meant to be a sarcastic and satirical character, a joke."
76561198013189743,Not Recommended,214340,13731394,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Beardo Weirdo,"I want to like the Deponia games. They feel like they could be like Monkey Island. Their humor gets so close, and the animation is pretty good. I really, really want to like these games. Unfortunately, the utterly unlikable protagonist never improves in the slightest and spoils everything about the experience."
,Recommended,214340,13726733,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Rhaith,"Remindes a lot of the old lucasarts games. Funny, awesome hand drawn art style and well done fun puzzles. A must for any fans of the genre."
76561198030387113,Recommended,214340,13902900,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dungeon Master X,"If you love classic point and click game like Monkey Island, then you going to love this game."
76561198143972439,Recommended,214340,13903780,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ZeroPantz™,"Super funny! I like the main character for being a self-absorbed jerk. It's nice not play a goodie-two-shoes for a change and I love all the sarcasm and hatred he encounters when speaking with others and how he is a derp and is often oblivious to it. I like how even when he does realize it, it doesn't stop/affect him.This may be a spoiler but I have to say that: In the end of the game, I honestly did feel sorry for him. I mean, we don't know why he is exactly the way he is to begin with. His father left him behind, he is probably emotionally scarred. His life on Deponia doesn't work out. He knows (or at least thinks) that his dad made it to Elysium so he wants to go too. It's not like I'd enjoy living on a smelly planet either you know. Probably the fact he thinks he will leave Deponia soon, causes him not to want to put in any effort on his life or bonds on Deponia, and rather put in all his efforts into finally get Elysium. (And perhaps seeing his dad again) although it's said that his dad was apparently selfish too so whatever.I mean I am fine with him being selfish, at least he is up front about it. In the end, every person is selfish or at least at times but they try to hide it. :P Rufus could have played himself off as not selfish and simply wanting to help Goal the entire way, and reached his actual goal in the end, but instead he was up front about his intentions in the end and also came clean which came from the heart. I can appreciate this characer for that simply because even if he may seem a jerk, at least he stays true to himself. There are plenty of people who seem to do something for another but secretly only do it for a selfish motive, no? So if you hate Rufus please go do some self-reflection. LOLAlbeit I felt sorry for Toni for having to deal with him the way he is though, I still think she is rather stupid for continueing to allow Rufus to stay in her home. I mean, does she still love him or something? If someone would live in my house and did that stuff I'd kick them out mercilessly.Didn't really understand the charm of Goal at all, she seemed like some kind of robotic person, reminded me of Chobits (it's an anime) which I guess is nice in a sense but she was most of the time just asleep so we didn't get to know her personality at all unfortunately.The game's puzzles were fun and combining items in your inventory was as well, although I at times couldn't figure out what to do after trying out tons of ways without any result. Thankfully there are walkthroughs on the internet but I really wished that hadn't been necesarry. The puzzles are all logical, yes, but sometimes there just isn't enough hinting towards what you could do or objects that you can use aren't really obvious, I've had several times where I moved my mouse past an item I could have picked up but it did not show it at the time.This still didn't get in the way of me appreciating the comical aspects, settings, and character interactions in this game, so much in fact, that I recommend it to anyone who has a more dark sense of humor and doesn't get offended easily by jokes that revolve around degradation, or a characters whose considered a selfish jerk in general. :P"
76561198110539227,Recommended,214340,13833302,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,daytaurato (operadude),"Deponia is the 1st part of Rufus's story. A guy from Deponia planet (a.k.a. a junkyard) that is trying to leave his miserable life in Deponia in order to travel up to the luxurius Elysium. An excellent point and click game with cartoonish graphics and amazing humor. When playing this game you must only got one thing in your mind. Try any combination between items and/or npcs. Any idea, no matter how crazy looks like, might work. With funny result almost 100% of the time.Pros:+ Graphics+ Story+ Humor+ Puzzles+ Runs flawless in Win 8.1+ Many language, subtitle and resolution optionsCons- Some minigames would need a hint or 2 but you can still skip them- The end...? Made me wanna play more.- The walking speed is low but you can still teleport from one place to other by double clicking.I consider Deponia as a little diamond which everyone should have in his gaming collection."
76561198033799330,Recommended,214340,14416754,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,MrBigCookie,"The laughs, oh the laughs! Pure joy from start to finish with puzzles that will leave you scratching your head. It's pretty long too which made me feel satisfied with my purchase as i felt i got bang for my buck. Interesting characters and enviroments. If you havn't already pick up this gem for a spin!7.9/10"
76561197970552244,Recommended,214340,14429437,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Tim97NSX,Fantasic point and click adventure. The story and characters are fantastic.  The art and animation was also top-notch. Unfortunately the game ends with a bit a cliff-hanger is so it's off to the next game in the series.
,Not Recommended,214340,14423105,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,mnorton52,"I too found the lead character to be grating, and the humor really wore thin for me."
76561198076084516,Recommended,214340,14487953,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Alaris,This was fun and beatiful
76561198073625014,Recommended,214340,14520124,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Superbobo (The Hamburger Lord),"I love this game great story, good puzzles and Rufus (main protagonist) is fun as hellThe only down side is Rufus.In the start i only saw Rufus as a jerk,but you will love him and his humor after some time.If you like point and click games buy this, NOW!!"
76561198000158569,Recommended,214340,1950343,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,beEZ,"One of the best Adventure/Indie/Puzzle games out there. It has everything. Good story, lovely characters (especially Rufus), funny, long enough to spend between 5 to 10 hours if playing without using walkthrough (can take more if looking for all achievements). I highly recommend his game if you are into this genre."
,Recommended,214340,110734,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Tortulez,Good old point & click
,Recommended,214340,3280244,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Sangas,"Loved the story, nice challenging puzzles (though some solutions were a bit outrageous) - can't beat a classic point and click adventure game."
76561198001214586,Recommended,214340,14456381,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Gijrdonhooft,"Compelling point & click game, interesting story and witty humour. I had a lot of fun with this one and can only recommend it."
,Recommended,214340,16003893,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Grez,"One of the better adventure game series to come along in quite a while.  This series of games is basically the offspring of the old Lucasarts and Sierra adventure games (more the former than the latter).  It features slightly warped humor, interesting multi-step puzzles that [mostly] make sense once you put the pieces together, with cool cut scenes and an ongoing story line that will actually make you want to play the sequels.As of this writing, it's part of a completely nutty sale (for like a buck)...at that price, you'd be insane not to buy it."
,Recommended,214340,16190982,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,VinVer,"First of all, if you are point & click game fan you probably have this game and just visited a store page for no goddamn reason.However, most people do not have that much experience with this genre, and I'm one of them. For this kind of people this game is not must-have, but I bet they would love the dialogues and the story. It's brilliant. The writers did really good job creating unique characters with great voice actors, I love each and every of them. The graphics are nice and quite detailed with some steam-punk elements.So if you are not into point & click games and still doubt whether this game is for you, wait for the sales and buy it, it's definitely worth it.Droggeljug/Droggeljug"
,Recommended,214340,16196118,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,Tizzie,"Personally, I have never been a fan of point and click games, however, Deponia has entirely changed that.I originally batted about the idea of purchasing Deponia because the art style really appealed to me, but I was put off by the play style and the price. However, when it came on sale for £0.79 I snapped it up without a second thought, as, even if I were only to use it for artistic reference, I knew I wouldn’t regret spending that on it. It is probably the best thing I’ve ever bought for under a pound. Immediately, I was hooked. It is fun and immersive, and, though it appears to have some childish tones, the dialogue and extremely well-developed characters provide many humorous moments and you start to see that it is rather adult in its comedic value.Then there’s the difficulty. I never imagined that a point and click adventure would prove so taxing! The hidden objects, the combinations required, the little puzzles and the specific orders required for the completion of tasks often left me scratching my head and, I will admit, if I hadn’t had the opportunity to glance at a walk through on the odd occasion, I doubt I would be anywhere near completing it right now (though I avoided using the guide as much as possible, of course). I’ve still not unlocked all of the achievements!I am not entirely sure whether it has a lot of replay value, but I know I will be coming back to it simply because I will miss the atmosphere and the quirky characters! And I will admit, though Rufus is an egocentric jerk and possibly one of the worst boyfriends in gaming history, he is very loveable and under it all, a real sweetheart.The only thing I can complain about with Deponia is the fact that it is too short, and the prices on the series are a bit high for my liking, but the moment the sequels come on sale I will be snapping them up!So yes, I whole-heartedly recommend this game. It is beautiful, the sound track is super funky, the characters are funny and unique and it does supply a good challenge to keep your mind occupied.Plus, my toothbrush ran away and hid in a dark corner, mocking me from the shadows, and I made coffee out of battery acid and gave it to a cat who licked stamps… What’s not to love?10/10"
,Recommended,214340,16550250,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Art,Best game ever
76561198040038341,Recommended,214340,4629515,"Posted: 9 September, 2012",all,Kang,"A great adventure. At times I almost fell off the chair laughing with the bizarre characters, cartoon visuals and especially the hilarious dialogue."
76561198043691447,Not Recommended,214340,16267123,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Induced_Current,"I assumed this would be a good game with puzzles that made sense, and that's how I lost two hours of my life clicking on random things that did nothing. If you enjoy following walkthroughs to complete unintuitive puzzles then this is the game for you. And It crashed twice. And the story has no ending."
76561198063471366,Recommended,214340,16398775,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,giegerj,Probably one of my favorite new point-and-click sagas!
76561198036310439,Recommended,214340,16404773,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,hunter31626,"Can anyone help me this game worked fine but now that i came back it doesnt work. it give me a messege that says theres a init failed and there is ""no save game or it is a corropted file"". im fine if in need to restart but when i close out of the messege it closes out of the game. can someone help"
76561198167850471,Recommended,214340,21330585,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,eliza.knight339,"Great game, nice art work, it is a nice thing when characters can speak"
,Recommended,214340,21105861,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Aruu Moon,Fun and easy when you first get into it. I like the story and all the stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥Rufus says and does. I think its definitely worth a playtrough. Wish I found the space bar feature a little sooner though.. Hehh
76561198100822095,Recommended,214340,21230685,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,BabciaMichalina,"Classic point&click. Advantages: cool characters, backgrounds are manually drawningDisadvantages: poor finish, seems like more  we will see in second chapter of Rufus odyssey"
,Recommended,214340,23561807,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Clockwork Catz,"All these triggered feminists complaining about the ""transphobic"" or ""sexist"" jokes like stfu. This game is a ton of fun so far and the graphics are one of my favorite things about it. This game has a pretty good story line so far and I really like the characters. If you are easily triggered and a big ♥♥♥♥♥ then this isn't the game for you, however, if you like good graphics, storyline, animation, and characters then I would certainly purchase it ;)"
76561197981098842,Recommended,214340,888005,"Posted: 11 August, 2012",all,Krass,It's...beautiful!
76561198085285944,Recommended,214340,23843678,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Dexsana,"I absolutely adore this game. It's hilarious, it makes you think and it doesn't really have any puzzles in it that absolutely make you think to the point of Sierra logic. The voice work is great, the art style is timeless and I'd put this up toward one of my favorite point and click style of games. I can't really think of any flaws to the game. I even appreciate that if you press the Space Bar, it highlights everything thats interactable on the screen."
,Recommended,214340,23835814,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,pArturdo,Pretty fun point and click game. The puzzles and the controls are pretty straightforward.
76561198007855373,Recommended,214340,23824427,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,OldOll94,"It's a good story and the artwork is great, it's just the puzzles have little rationality behind them sometimes. Example (LITTLE SPOILER) how would anyone know that a pair of handcuffs could hold open a big hatch? still would recommend though, you just might have to spend several minutes clicking random objects because all your logical thinking hasn't fully completed the task."
,Recommended,214340,23549751,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Zaplanc,"Great point and click game, with a lot of humor."
76561198125160344,Recommended,214340,23113957,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Nicky the viking,"my status on the game: Completed the Deponia series.the only thing i hate is the obvious ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ main character. they could not make him more childish i guess, so they stopped at the bottom of human norms...other then that the game is good if you love to puzzle and find stuff out."
,Recommended,214340,23107000,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Captain_Cordell,"A great game, amazing dialouge and wonderfully crafted characters."
,Recommended,214340,23499625,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Imperial Rebel 99,"I love the challenges in this game, its humor is very good. Good thing I bought the Armageddon Bundle Pack. I recommend this to people who would like to think and be challenged mentally. You'll love this, I bought this on sale so.......... It's worth the money."
76561198115718878,Recommended,214340,23037967,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,koebeest,The story is good and the characters are fun but the only downside is that the main character is always rude to others etc.But I realy recommend this game :D
76561198175897206,Recommended,214340,22989846,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Mocoro,RUFUS TO THE RESCUE
,Recommended,214340,23542984,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Alpha Predator,Beautiful point &click adventure game.Puzzles are solvable without using walkthroughs or hints.Graphics are on point.Story is good.Characters are better.Buy it.
,Recommended,214340,23188849,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gobernadorcillo,"I'm not really good at finding stuff, but I still played cause of the story"
,Recommended,214340,23226599,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Sata Leroer,It's a kind of OK game. Hella pretty. Kind of jenky at some spots but overall great graphic quality. Voice overs are just fine and the songs are OK too.The protagonist is an unlikeable c***. But really that's the only real critic I have about it.
,Recommended,214340,23147963,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,henrywong888,"Disclosure. I bought this game as part of a Daedalic bundle, and at a 90% discount. This game was definitely an impulse purchase as point and click games are not normally the type of games that I play.Having said that, I would give this game a thumbs up, but only just barely. It does have some fun, interesting, and complex puzzles. Unfortunately, it also has a few nonsensical puzzles too -- and I almost rage quit the game a few times."
,Recommended,214340,23150806,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Varanium,"this game well drive you insane trying to solve it's puzzles and clicking eveything you can, it has an unlikeable and egotistical main character named Rufus, and has some humor in it I for one love the cats, don't get me started with droggeljug it made me want to throw my computer out the window"
,Recommended,214340,23357038,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Centervillain,"Played in offline mode, so ignore the play time stat. Don't usually play point and click adventure games, but I really enjoyed this one. Most of the puzzles were relatively simple and the story was good. Am planning on playing all of the games in the series."
,Recommended,214340,211929,"Posted: 12 February, 2013",all,ANWI,Just a awesome Adventure!
76561198043643178,Recommended,214340,18551061,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,The Feral Cat,"Do you like point and click adventures? Neither do I, but I like this because it’s funny, doesn’t have bizarre logic behind the item interaction/combinations… oh and there are steam walkthroughs, so getting stuck is a thing of the past. So pick it up in a sale."
76561198069018161,Not Recommended,214340,18709149,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,ajkey04,"Well, I'm a bit on the fence on this one. I'll lean slightly towards recommending it. I have played many point and click games in my life and feel like I'm pretty good at figuring out some of the more interesting clues, but with Deponia I found some of them rather confusing. I ended up looking through a walkthrough more with this game that any other I've played.Sure, it has humour and an amusing story, but it was more annoying that anything. While I'd be interested to find out where the story goes with the other three, I'm kinda glad I didn't buy them all at once.While the voice acting was good, the sound was often a little all over the place. Sometimes the voices were loud, other times they seemed almost background. There were bugs in some levels and the puzzles were not always intuative.And writing this review has actually pushed me back over the line, so I am not recommending this game."
,Not Recommended,214340,18710852,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,tox1cfox,"No sound in dialogues, googled that a lot of people has this problem since 2013 and it still not fixed.10/10."
,Recommended,214340,18721139,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Noahwayray,Incredible! A lot of fun. It's a fantastic puzzle game to play on any day.
76561198060020666,Not Recommended,214340,18456228,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,kyleatkins22,"Ok. I would love to continue this game, its one of the most fun games ive ever played, But it has a trash ending at the end of the trilogy. So i refuse to purchase anymore of there games. Please if you can avoid this game, it draws you in and then ruins you in the end."
76561198084319553,Recommended,214340,18757480,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,NightWolfGaming,the most beautiful point and click game i have ever played in my life<3
76561197970363967,Not Recommended,214340,18429888,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,ofcthatwaslag,"Perhaps it's funny in the original German, but I doubt it."
,Recommended,214340,18663664,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Gorlod,A great time-killer game. I highly recommend it for those who doesn't know what to play next.
,Not Recommended,214340,18828471,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Otaku,"Right, forgot to leave a review after first playing it.It was a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Sure, it seems like it would be great fun when you read the description and see the video and whatnots. Then you install it and try to play it.I don't even know if the story or gameplay is any good because (despite my pc exceeding the requirements), the game was too laggy for me to play. IN A POINT AND CLICK GAME.At the time, there was no response in the thread with this issue and the devs didn't seem to be doing anything to fix it. Got mad, uninstalled it and would have asked for a refund had the system been implemented back then.I regret having bought this game and am not even going to bother checking if it actually works now.If it does the great, someone that didn't have to put up with this problem might actually get to enjoy it.As for me, screw this game. Terrible first impression."
76561197993928262,Recommended,214340,18826337,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Jonor85,Classic Point and Click Adventure.Good puzzles and quite funny.Story is ok.Took about 9 hours to complete
76561198120783510,Not Recommended,214340,18718591,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,Senor Patamon,"Buyer beware, this game might not work on your computer. I have a very up to date desktop system and the game still refused to start. It kept having errors either saying the file was corrupted or didn't exist no matter how many times I installed it. I read somewhere that changes to the visual settings help... Still said corrupted. I read that it only works on older systems for some reason, tried it on an old laptop, still didn't work. Did more research which said the game needed a missing DLL file. Another source said it was an error in DirectX....After many unsuccessful attempts to get the game just to start, I asked for a refund which was granted almost immediately by steam. I think Daedalic recently released a patch for Deponia, but I don't believe it resolves any startup issues.Sadly, I can't say how the actual game is because I never got to play it. That's way more effort than anyone should ever have to put into installing a simple point & click game.  This was my experience, you might not have any problems. I have friends with older systems who have played Deponia without issue.I'm leaving a negative review so that other people will be aware that Deponia has this game-breaking glitch upon startup. I recommend testing the game out as soon as possible after purchase so if you have similar problems, you'll still be in Steam's timeframe for a refund."
,Recommended,214340,18899242,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Kanissus,A good old-fashioned point and click adventure with awesome setting and characters.
76561198117374265,Recommended,214340,18895722,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,BatGirlJack,"This game is like eating leftover Hallowe'en a few weeks later; Nothing's super great but hey, it's still candy. Movement controls are good, graphics are great, humour is ok, most puzzels make sense, though they make it very difficult to like the main protagonist. The story itself is a high point. I'm going to play the next games just to see where the plot goes."
,Recommended,214340,30599785,Posted: 18 March,all,dogleish,"This game was often really frustrating, some of the challenges irritating and the narration/character was also pretty annoying too. Not my favourite of games but not terrible either."
76561198006986577,Recommended,214340,16221152,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DragonElderX9,A great point-and-click adventure game.  The writing is great paired with an odd style of humor and even stranger world.
,Recommended,214340,16039047,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,[UAC] NIK,Very good!
76561197998354854,Recommended,214340,16021912,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,PlaywithStephen,"The game has charm. It has a nice, silly, comedic story to complement its clean and cartoony visuals. The most complex puzzles can be frustrating but there are also a couple that are optional. You may get frustrated when you just want to enjoy the story of this simple adventure game."
,Not Recommended,214340,16024556,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Big Daddy Goose,"This game looked fun, but I could never get the program to display correctly. Full screen opens the game in a window, and window mode opens the game in a window that is partially off screen... with no way to move it into view.I tried setting the screen size to the same as my current resolution, I even tried a little smaller... game still opened off screen and unable to show me the full menu."
76561198064811534,Recommended,214340,16025803,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,melicore,"Not since Monkey island have i laughed this much.A wonderfull Cast of characters and sweet puzzles like old time.a sweet little adventure that will test your patience, but in a good and fun way.im looking forward to play escape deponia."
,Recommended,214340,16077187,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,barbuz,"Really nice game, liked the ""bad"" main character too, even if some people didn't.There are some points with absurds solutions that require a walkthrough or dumb trying of every possible combination of clicks, but fortunately those aren't so many.The only plot part I didn't really like was the ending, either I didn't understand something or there was a plot hole involved.All in all still a very fun game to play, with a nice story and ambientation, I recommend it.p.s. DURATION: 9 hours. That's the time it took me on the first playthrough, with few small aids from a walkthrough, but listening to all dialogues, and trying every dialogue option (as much as I could). In case you wanted an idea of its longevity before buying it."
,Recommended,214340,16070055,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,GM Pax,"A fun, tongue-in-cheek game with well-animated characters and backgrounds.  If you like the King's Quest style of game, you should at least download the free Demo and give it a spin."
76561198068341518,Recommended,214340,16083849,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Paronikwa,as a waiter that serves espresso almost every shift I feel like I can relate to this game on a spiritual level.
,Recommended,214340,16297813,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,PrincessTokyoMoon,Best thing I've ever played ever and forever
,Recommended,214340,16275979,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Rylai,good story and art. and also interisting puzzle game
,Recommended,214340,16413410,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,russianlobster,"If you have ever played Point & Click games, you will LOVE this one.   If you're new to this type of game,  this is a great one to start with since the art is amazing, the story is fun, and the game is challenging.  Sometimes too challenging.  While there are moments when you say ""how would anyone think to do that?!?!"", it doesn't take away from the overall experience."
,Recommended,214340,13258554,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Anteroot,"Great game, with great graphics and humour. Reminds me great game titles like  ""Woodruff and the Schnibble of Azimuth"", ""Disc World"" and some older like ""Goblins"".  Good to think harder from time to time and get break from daily duties. Try it, complete it!"
,Recommended,214340,12637836,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,JinxRLM,"[Edit: The standalone game has now been patched as well. This means I can recommend the game, with the caveat of checking current special offers (vs The Complete Journey). Leaving the original review below since the bait-and-switch still DID occur.]Good game BUT a word of warning:Deponia and it's sequels are since september 2014 presumably abandonware. Instead of patching the remaining bugs of the separate games the developer/publisher Daedalic decided to release an all-in-one title called Deponia: The Complete Journey. It's a completely new separate title, not a 'pack' containing the previous games, so there is no way to upgrade from the standalone titles. It also does not create giftable versions of the titles you already own.If you are new to the game and want to buy and play Deponia (which is a terrific and fun Point-and-Click) get The Complete Journey.Personally I think this move is blatantly unfriendly to early adopters and existing customers and would probably not buy anything from Daedalic again, let alone this new all-in-one version."
76561198052718688,Recommended,214340,13848133,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Darklord_bg,"Funny, colorful and whimsical game, reminiscent of Monkey Island. Story is decent, characters are funny, there are some cool dialogue options. Puzzles are mostly at the right difficulty level, though they get progressively easier towards the end.Overall a decent title, though I would recommend to buy it on sale, since the 8-12 hours of game play are not enough to warrant the full price to me."
,Recommended,214340,13888357,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tex,Another great point and click! I love games with puzzles and fun characters and Deponia is totally one of it!
,Recommended,214340,13890889,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,heartlessmushroom,"If point-and-click adventure games aren't your cup of tea, then perhaps Deponia and its sometimes though to figure out puzzles is't for you.But if they are,  then you're gonna love this one. Gorgeus art, witty writing  and a really compelling world makes Deponia one hell of a ride."
76561198063193728,Recommended,214340,13953158,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sayanne,"Loved it! Funny, I had to stop playing for a while, because I could'nt stop laughing.Best Trilogie puzzle game.The three games are as good as the other, and it is not repetitive.The main caracter is stupiddly funny and genius at the same time.Good story, fun puzzles, some more chalenging then others. Very fun, I recommand all three.Love that at some point in the trilogie you get to play multiple characters at the same time, and your actions have a repercautions on you other parts. Loved it!!!At some point you really have to think hard, but it's worth every minute of play time. And I will play them again, because the story is so fun.** The trilogie is composed of : Deponia, Chaos on Deponia and Goodbye Deponia"
76561198072320683,Recommended,214340,13817940,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Grom,It gives me the same feeling I got when I played Curse of Monkey island for the first time. It has a lot of fun commentaries  (made by the the main character) and easter eggs through the game. Absolutely worth playing if you liked the old point and click games from Telltale and Lucasarts.
,Recommended,214340,4446606,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,foolicooli,If you like Monkey Island than this is the game for you. We need more awesome point and click adventures like Monkey Island.
,Recommended,214340,2961562,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,[EMS]Zaces,awesome.
,Recommended,214340,15808710,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,jac1002,It's more then just good it's great! Buy them all!
76561198064599475,Not Recommended,214340,15830362,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Rudedog,"This game taught me something.  Namely, you cannot have an utterly vile protagonist in an adventure game because that undermines my willingness to advance the plot.  Some of the things Rufus does (that you are absolutely required to do to advance the plot) are monstrous.  All the other characters in the game hate Rufus and by the end of the game I did too.  I guess I'm just not malevolent enough to laugh at Rufus's antics.[Minor Spoiler Alert]For Example, during the third act of the game, you find out that his love interest, the girl he's been dragging around like luggage the entire game has a hard drive in her head that contains her memories and personality.  You are told the reason she is catatonic and speaks in gibberish is because it's damaged but later learn it only has dust on it's contact points.  You are warned sternly that even minor scratches could leave her a vegi.  So what do you do? ""Clean"" it with a gross pool cleaner brush then use a steel brush to buff it before carving R Heart G in the contact point like it's a tree.  And that's after explicitly finding gentler methods and rejecting them as ""girly"".  I've never been so revolted.So yeah, the writting spoiled the game for me.  I simply cannot abide being forced to do lothesome things to accomplish some random, short term goal.  It's sad too because the art was beautiful, the animation decent for the genre, the supporting characters were somewhat interesting, and the puzzles were... well they were all over the map for quality and tilted toward ""mash together evertything you've ever laid hands on"" but they were mostly fun.  Still this game had the humor of little boys who get off on kicking pets and spiking the punch bowl at a party with laxatives.  If that discribes you, dive in.  Otherwise run far away."
76561198022686928,Recommended,214340,15843510,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Glascow,"Click everything you seeDeponia is your standard point and click adventure game that lacks a soul just like German knock knock jokes. Fortunately, it's just funny and pretty enough to keep playing.STORY- Typical anti-hero doing typical anti-hero things on a garbage planet.GRAPHICS- The art style and animation is actually very appealing, one thing Daedalic Entertainment has had a strong point in.SOUNDTRACK- Something Daedalic Entertainment does not have a strong point in. (Except the intro, the intro is awesome)GAMEPLAY-Pros-You click stuffThe dialogue can be amusingDeponia is a planet overflown with trashCons-You click stuff. Like you literally end up clicking everything because you have no idea how you're supposed to get a certain task done. Then when you find the solution, you rage at the randomness of the solution.The dialogue can be the opposite of amusing (Gotta love cultural barriers)Everyone is an♥♥♥♥♥ Even you (Especially you). Almost all your conversations are with asses.Late game puzzles are confusing as hell (well for me)There is no replay value. (There is a mode post game where it changes all dialogue to druggelburg or something. Is that supposed to be funny?)CONCLUSION-It's an average point and click adventure game with an appealing art style as its main saving grace. Daedalic really had a chance to make this a great game due to such a unique world setting, but looks like they're all talk. Get it on sale if you have the urge for point and click adventures. However be warned, the sequels in this trilogy are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198048630742,Recommended,214340,15788892,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Darriken,"After completing all three titles, I can definitely recommend the series.It's a touching, humourous story that starts from a crazy inventor/scavenger that just doesn't want to live on a dump-world any longer...A point-and-click that hails back to the greats.You should probably buy it and experience it for yourself."
76561197989061316,Recommended,214340,15696931,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Kaydenloss,"This game has everyting a good Point-and-Click adventure needs. Witty jokes, awesome characters and a good narrative. The puzzles are pretty hard sometimes, but once you figure them out the rewards are gooood! I've played a lot of point-and-click adventures and aside from my all-time-favorite Grim Fandago, this one is a pretty good contender to be in my top 5 favorites."
76561198160381305,Recommended,214340,15716628,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,-Abandoned Acc-,Half of story half of adventure. It is a movie adventure. I complete it by hint from the internet and youtube or else i dont know the story in it and how to play this game is so blank. This game is a riddle.
,Recommended,214340,14265630,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Martin,"Excellent, ingenous game."
,Recommended,214340,14366573,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Till The Final Death,Excells n fun factor
,Recommended,214340,14369265,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,[x] marinad,"Awesome ""old-school"" ""must have"" and ""must be completed"" quest."
,Recommended,214340,14353958,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Shape1ess,Adventure game fan here. Approved.
76561198010986965,Recommended,214340,11058499,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Coffintempest,"All round fun game. Great art work and animations along with the music and voices. Nice story, with game play and great challenges and puzzles through out."
76561198116649932,Recommended,214340,11044972,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,elizeli,"Great advneture point and click game.  Wacky story with not always obvious item combinations, and moderately difficult puzzles.  If you like Monkey Island you will love this.  It's also value for money as it is quite a long game.  Really impressed.  Definately worth a go if you love point and click adventures.  10/10"
,Recommended,214340,1474061,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,Strangest Letter,I thought it was nice.
,Not Recommended,214340,11124948,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Joe Di,"There is a bug in this game: you can't get back into the post office after trying to overload the operator. i can't speak to the operator and i can't go downstairs.There may be a workaround with copying and editing save files, but this is no excuse.Since this is a game breaking bug that exists for at least 1/2 year (i googled) this is unacceptable.BTW according to the german customer law a company is not allowed to sell broken software. It has to fix the bug or provide a refund. (Yeah i know steam is in between, so i'll won't get a refund)."
,Recommended,214340,558204,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Archaic,Droggeljug! Droggeljug.. Droggeljug!Beautiful hand drawn graphics like Curse of Monkey IslandPretty funny material for the most part.. I got some good laughs out of it.A few of the puzzles can be pretty challenging.The sound for some of the characters would randomly increase so loudly it became pretty annoying.. not sure how that made it past the sound team for the game.Really looking forward to the next part of this series when it is on sale!
,Recommended,214340,11201602,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Klazsh,"One funny as hell point and click adventure game with really challenging puzzles in which you need to solve. Along with a good storyline, pretty good animation and the special hidden easter egg at the end. This game was well worth my time and I really don't want ot stop playing it! Good thing there are 3 games to this series so this wonderful tale of a humorous story can continue on!"
,Not Recommended,214340,11296662,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,TonySnow,Gets pretty boring after a while. The main character is annoying. Some of the puzzles are overly cryptic IMO.
,Recommended,214340,11301397,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Duckblade,"Overall great game with great humor and twisted puzzles. Reminded me a lot of Monkey Island, and made me love the character development and the wacky story.Just don't launch the game expecting a lot of progress each time you play it, sometimes you get stuck for hours because of a stupid detail you didn't notice, or a completely weird thing to do.The experience was great, the ending does entice you to buy the following games though. Grab it on sale ! 9/10"
76561197990642867,Recommended,214340,11282488,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,OniRobotics,Clever girl
,Recommended,214340,7561728,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,zura,"I really regret not having played this sooner. Great point and click game with challenging puzzles, charming characters, hilarious dialogues and quite an interesting adventure."
,Not Recommended,214340,11456531,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,benderpoa,"I won't even bother to finish this game. There are not enough clues and sometimes to get through you just have to start using random inventory items with everything you can interact with. That's really boring and the only other option is to read a walkthrough. Besides that, none of the characters is relatable and Rufus (the main one) is just too much of a nuisance to bear. I really don't feel compelled to go through with the story. I think it's the least entertaining game I've ever played..."
76561198000281653,Recommended,214340,11094971,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Linni Visay,"Deponia is a beautifully produced point-and-click comedy adventure game, that mangages to tell a very old story (boy saves girl from evil pursuers) in a fun and interesting way. In particular, I felt the standout feature was the antihero protagonist, an uncommon and hard-to-pull off choice.When I first loaded up Deponia, the thing that first stuck me was the art style, which really reminded me of Lucasarts ""The Curse of Monkey Island"", which was the first adventure game I ever played. I think the cartoony style really lends itself to adventure games of this sort.At first, the protagonist Rufus reminded me a lot of Monkey Island's Guybrush Threepwood (even the voice acting is similar), but as you play through the game you realise Rufus isn't a bumbling idiot with a heart of gold, but rather a selfish egotist filled with the desire to leave the trash planet of Deponia at any cost.  The writers did a really good job of creating a repellent character that we nevertheless empathise with and want to help succeed, which is hard to do. Other characters are fun, although I would have liked the damsel in distress, Goal, to find her voice a bit sooner. She really only comes to her senses in the last sequence of the game, after being badly injured in the first sequence.On a general level, the story is interesting because it very clearly only tells the first arc of a standard story. Because Deponia now has two sequels, this isn't the problem for me that it would have been for those who played it on release. I don't own the sequels, but I can grab them whenever I want to continue the story. For anyone who played it on release, it may have been a bit of a hanging ending. For that reason, even though I didn't, I'd recommend buying all three games at once.The puzzles would be considered easy by someone who started on the early adventure games in the pre-internet era, but I consider that a wholly good thing - the game loses all flow if you can't solve a puzzle. I only got stuck twice - once was from not thinking/acting like Rufus would and missing an interaction, and once because an item was slightly unclear about exactly what it was. The game also has ""highlight interactables"" and ""skip minigame"" functions to make it a bit easier if you want.As with most point-and-click games, replayability is severely diminished after you've won the game once, as there is only one way to play the game. The developers do kind of cheekily allude to this with the inclusion of droggeljug mode.All in all, Deponia is a good adventure game for the library."
,Recommended,214340,11096879,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Vero,"DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IN ENGLISH. Play it in German with the subtitles of your choice. The English dub is terrible. If you play it in German, the characters are interesting, the plot is pretty fun, and the ending is a little disappointing because it's trying to set you up for the next game. Even with the ending and terrible English dub, it's still a fun game. It gets Bonus Points for being a good way to brush up on your German.Droggeljug."
,Recommended,214340,11072126,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mwacha,I really love this game. it's hilarious and keeps you interested in the story line. The only problem I have is that I'm stuck in the game and I don't know how to fix it (literally stuck from a glitch) I can't reload because as soon as I saved at the spot I can't move or anything!
,Recommended,214340,11074666,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Diabolical_Oblivion,"I purchased Deponia back when they had the big Thanksgiving/Xmas sales when it was a measely few bucks because the art style and some pretty great reviews peaked my interest. I only bought the first game in the series because i wasnt sure i was going to like it and WOW! I wished i had bought the other 2 games with it.The story is great and the game does a good job at telling it so you never at any point feel lost about whats going on. Characters and voice acting is pretty decent. The main character Rufus brings alot of humor to the game along with a hint of arrogance here and there lol. Im really digging the art style. Point and click adventure games has never been my style but Deponia was an exception.There is one and i mean only ONE bad thing about Deponia. It is a very short game. The thing is, is that it is part of a trilogy so that is a plus. Maybe there aim was to give us a little story here and a little story there, who knows? All i know is im wishing i went ahead and bought the next two games while they were on sale! The first play through for me averaged around 8 hours, because the game progression is fairly slow considering the puzzles and the figuring things out as you go. I played through the game a second time to earn my last achievement and was able to blaze through it in just a matter of 2 hours!So the average person should expect anywhere from 10 to 15 hours, but hey....its a pretty awsome 10 hours and the achievements are all easy to get!WARNING! this game will NOT spoon feed you through the story. You will have to pay attention to details and make sure you pick up everything you can along the way. Every item in your inventory WILL get used!! You will occasionally need help by speaking to the various characters and above all, have patience. I ran around in circles a few moments during my initial playthrough. Some places i was completely stumped for awhile until i just started trying to combine items in my inventory.Lasting impression for Deponia. If your a fan of point and click adventures and puzzle type games, you MUST BUY this game!My Rating : 9 out of 10 , because the game felt like it just wasnt long enough. Still though...the purchse is incouraged!"
76561198065903586,Not Recommended,214340,10945957,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,the salmon of doubt,"I don't recommend the game to any type of gamer even if it's free. The humour is medicore, I laughed here and there,the storlyline is okay and the gameplay is just awful. The puzzles just have no logic. Trough the game I found myself trying every item on every clickable thing and that's when I turned the game off. The only way to solve puzzles seems like brute force but I don't want to act like I'm certain about that since I didn't finish the game."
76561197999921252,Recommended,214340,11069828,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,wa7d t3ban !,funny and amazing game
76561198138718029,Recommended,214340,11087505,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Dawnstar,"I bought Deponia as part of an adventure game bundle, and I really wasn't sure if I was going to like it because the post-apocalyptic setting and storyline are different from what I generally play. But this game had me hooked right from the start with beautiful artwork, great voice acting, excellent musical score, and a surprisingly fun and humorous story. I think I loved it even more because it got me to really enjoy something a little outside my comfort zone. I highly recommend this game, especially if you have ever been a fan of point 'n click adventures with quirky humor."
,Recommended,214340,11242005,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Vlerden,this an amazing point and click adventure. It's like playing a modern Space QUest with a steam punk feelto it!
,Recommended,214340,11915469,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,MasterBaite,"Excellent game. One of the best 'point-and-click' I ever played. Funny, hard puzzles sometimes, nice story, nice art.Actually I recomend any game from Daedalic.Already have the other 2 parts of Deponia, and I know i'll love it just the same as this one."
76561198130866880,Recommended,214340,11908661,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,alifaan,"interesting and funny game, quite promising for a casual point and click adventure --- however was not able to play after a certain point. when reaching the tower on top of the Post Office to get the headphones from the 'frazzled' guy. couldnt go back down the ladder afterwards. pretty much tried everything possible, yet no luck. read about a lot of other people facing the problem and some solutions are apparently out there but no way to fix it through having it on Steam. :("
76561197998427709,Recommended,214340,11922344,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,DalsuN,Good Series.
76561198002513096,Recommended,214340,11904021,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,crisis,definitly better than i thought it would be. i wouldnt spend 20 bucks on the game.... so its a good game to get on sale.
,Recommended,214340,11945349,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Bug,"This game is different from the usual point and click games. It reminded me a lot of Pajama Sam, a favorite classic PC game of mine. It's more adult based, of course, in comparison to Pajama Sam. Between the snarky comments, adult-related hints and crude comedy, there's the point and click along with the story line. The main character, Rufus, who you play, is the core of most of the comments, and much of the comedy. There's a few parts I don't agree with, like unnessary speech options that don't do anything or cause any different outcome. (Like rude, mean comments won't let you progress. It's a trial and error sort of thing, until you find the right speech option which sometimes can be conflicting with another positive comment.) It has a nice story, but many of the puzzles aren't so obvious like 'go here, do this, for this thing that you need for this 'quest' '. The game gives you a singular hint, and leaves you to it. Much of the gameplay can end up being running around in circles, trying to figure out what you're meant to be doing. Despite this, I still recommend the game for the story and comedy. I would rate the difficulty at 'moderate'. If you're good at puzzle, and point and click games, you'll probably love this game."
76561198039108757,Recommended,214340,11940836,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Captin,"The first of the series. The beginning of the chaos and your journey into a Machinarium-like world with all the maddening puzzles included. Be aware that this is no mere logic-based puzzle game as nothing you do will make any since unless you're MacGyver.It's an unusual love story set in a world divided by classes, or those who were left behind. The style is very similar to a painting or comic book, with semi-fluid animations and an odd soundtrack to bring it to life. This game of the series had some rough voice acting however, which improved over the next two games naturally.You may get frustrated with some of the puzzles not making sense, it's on purpose, and I think this may have had a more negative impact on players than expected. The story and goofiness of it all helps recover the games balance though."
,Recommended,214340,11866580,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Rubiksage,sdaklfigyuKLUFYBVLIushgdflukyahsd;fiahbsdfukghz.dkf;vhbsldyuihg;ziodcvhusldiufhjxfzdfgzlkfujfcjidjf<3
,Recommended,214340,11995416,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,BUST NUTS NOT CAPS,HOW DO YOU STOP THE MUSIC
,Recommended,214340,11958442,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,Tijoh,awesome point and click game with great humour!
,Recommended,214340,12768809,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Mattway,Great game! If you like point and click adventures you will love it!
,Recommended,214340,4023219,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,Zarem,"As close to the classic adventures as it just could be nowadays. Deep, hilarious, original, with wonderful voice acting and half a dialogues options just to crack you up laughing. Yes, there are some minor glitches and some quite unobvious solutions - but hey! That's classic too!"
,Recommended,214340,10689526,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,simontarr,"Makes me miss SCUMM games.Bad voice acting, but recallsManiac Mansion."
76561198025710129,Recommended,214340,10920965,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Fea,A fun point-and-click adventure in the vein of the old Lucas Arts classics.
76561198064010496,Recommended,214340,10923412,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,PWeithers,"Fun game. If you like Monkey Island, you will most likely enjoy this game as well as it has a similar type of humor."
76561197989423042,Recommended,214340,10928998,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ZeusFDelta,A fun adventure and story to pass the time
76561198032730831,Recommended,214340,13886260,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,tele,Rating 8/10. Highly recommended.The Good:* great setting and fantastic writing* very likeable protagonist* excellent music and graphics* mostly free of excessive dialogue* mostly well constructed and enjoyable puzzlesThe Bad:* poor voice acting for some of the characters* somewhat uninteresting story
,Recommended,214340,13933772,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,JudgeB,"Deponia is a great point-and-click adventure game. It has a fantastic art direction, interesting and well fleshed-out characters, a compelling storyline, and many hours worth of gameplay. It's a great series and you won't be disappointed.That being said, let's consider a few of the cons. Deponia suffers from the curse that haunts most point-and-click adventures: puzzle design. Progress in the game fan often consist not in figuring something out, but on clicking on everything, everyone, in every order imaginable. However, this is mostly a fault of the genre as a whole, true of even great masterpieces like Monkey Island, so you probably know if you can handle this kind of thing or not.Another con is the occasional villainous nature of the protagonist. While Rufus is certainly an anti-hero with plenty of personal faults that people will readily point out to him and which he will readily ignore, a few of his actions are simply mean-spirited. People being harmed by his carelessness is fun and good, but on more than one occassion he sets out to deliberately cause serious harms to his friends. This clashes with the rest of his character, and these moments really do stand out.The jokes can occasionally be crude as well. Nothing vulgar, and always humorous in my opinion, but I can also understand if others disapprove.And lastly, as spoiler free as I can say this, the end of the trilogy leaves several major loose ends.That all being said, Deponia was a fantastic experience and one I will readily share with my friends. The humor is clever, the dialogue is well written, the plot well constructed, and the game only improves as it goes on. Buy this game, support the developers, and demand a sequel trilogy, because this series deserves and demands one!"
,Recommended,214340,8560203,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,"STooGE$$$$, Carmine Ocean","Nice and fun.  Much much better than other Daedalic games; better voice acting, puzzles, humour.Rufus, the main character, is akin to Guybrush....a perfect anti-hero.Definitely will try out the others in the series."
,Recommended,214340,7529946,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Hamamatsucho,"Great fun adventure in good old LucasArts tradition. Lots of quirky humour on a junk yard planet. This is game part of a trilogy: Deponia, Chaos on Depona and Goodbye Deponia."
,Recommended,214340,8401655,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mr. Underscore,"In an attempt to find another such point-and-click adventure in the stylings of Monkey Island I managed to find just that. But it wasn't just in the stylings, it was almost as if the creators of Curse of Monkey Island decided to use their talents to make another story. The humor was clever, the music was catchy, and although the puzzles had me on occasion searching for a walkthrough I found them demanding enough to keep me searching for the answers. 10/10 would play again. (Although in the far future)"
76561198022949640,Recommended,214340,8549573,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,lameness,"Enjoyable game, really made me feel like I was in the mind of a mad Scientist at parts. Droggeljug!"
,Recommended,214340,9783451,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,CRAFT BOI S U C C,fun game couldnt stand the characters so i couldnt play any further. Maybe if the game wasnt centered around an absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥maybe
76561198035290819,Recommended,214340,9798996,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Mr. crazydude,"A masterpiece! If you like a point & click challenge and a good plot story, THIS is your game!"
,Recommended,214340,9799430,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Raggamuffin,"I thoroughly enjoyed the first Deponia.  The humor was good, the story was interesting and the art is fantastic.9/10Playtime: ~ 7 hrs"
76561197971807814,Recommended,214340,538734,"Posted: 15 August, 2012",all,Anarky,"For fans of Monkey Island this is a must buy.It's also the first part of a trilogy, the next part coming out in September!"
76561198040961292,Recommended,214340,9228446,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,National Tampoon,Reminds me of Monkey Island a bit... that's not a bad thing.
76561198059143567,Recommended,214340,9231091,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Buzzelly_77,A hilarious steampunk point and cllick adventure.
,Recommended,214340,12428882,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,RabbitWizard,"One of the best adventure games i ever played! Just beautiful. I have played the second one already and plan on purchasing the third title (although the ending is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ according to the reviews, but this company definitely deserves my money)."
,Recommended,214340,12430374,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,KelpTheGreat,"Deponia is an excellent adventure game that exudes charm and polish, even if that polish is spotty at times. I'd say this is a very approachable game that anyone can play and enjoy. The puzzles are tricky but fair, and require a lot of thinking outside the box, which is exactly what they should. I especially love how the dialogue gives hints towards what you need to do with a particular puzzle. Deponia is quirky and funny, and if you love Monkey Island you'll love this. The language is stronger than in LucasArts' adventure games, but infrequent and still on the mild side.A few bits where Deponia could use improvement: the subtitles are occasionally mispelled, the voice acting sounds forced or awkward occasionally, and I've run into a few glitches, although nothing game-breaking.9/10, highly recommended."
,Recommended,214340,12433459,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Bijou,"A pretty neat game with a good storyline. Nice if you're looking for a good short story but lacking in fulfillment unless, I'm guessing, you get the trilogy."
76561197984737819,Recommended,214340,1026692,"Posted: 11 September, 2012",all,No_SuRReNDeR,Its pretty good...short but good.
76561198019304723,Recommended,214340,11927475,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Zymosis,Well this is that kind of game that I was waiting for for a long time. It realy encapsulates the feeling and charms of point and click games and if you are a fan of that gener this is a must have.
76561198099741541,Recommended,214340,11893513,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Mantoux,Great game!
76561198064586532,Not Recommended,214340,11548567,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Blkik,"Interesting adventure, Funny heroe, Great graphics and enviroment and music.But story is not so good written, some of things you have to do is really silly and you can't think of them without a walktrough. Some puzzles are very easy and some has no clue of what you have to do.Game hasn't any really challenge and you can't lose. I am wandering why save button exists in this game.There are better adventures out there,Recomended only on sales and only if you have nothing to play."
,Recommended,214340,11654075,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Roseaate,"This review is both yes and no (mostly yes). Yes: the game has beautiful artwork, a great story line, funny characters, and its plain fun. No:It is kinda hard and confusing.  I recomend this game to people who can figure out puzzels.  This game is very awesome and I just need a brain Lol. Play On!"
76561198055834162,Recommended,214340,11843383,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,vaher.johanna,"The game mechanics, puzzles, graphics and so on are good. I would have loved this game if it wasn't for the sexism. It ridicules women and even transexuals, and it reduces women to being sex objects. If their boobs are not about to pop out, they are not interesting. I will suffer through the next game soon, as i liked the rest of it. I really hope it picks up from this dung."
76561198043911027,Recommended,214340,4980824,"Posted: 31 July, 2013",all,ZDonkulous,"Nice artwork, quirky humor, a decent story and enough puzzles that will give you a headache until you can figure them out."
76561198034343610,Recommended,214340,10833126,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,iceman24,played 5 hours so far. no complaints.
76561198016926849,Recommended,214340,10886750,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mycelium guy,"This game is great fun with a brilliantly mad sense of humour. The plot and main characters steadily develop as you progress and by the end of the game I was thoroughly immersed. The only caution I offer is that the puzzles can get frustrating at times, if you have patience and stick with it though the payoff in terms of satisfaction make the whole experience worth it."
,Recommended,214340,8790105,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,BananaInspector,"4 - I'm like herpes... a cool version of herpesDystopian future Monkey Island, what more do you want? Some fiendish puzzles mixed in with great characters and killer lines.The animations can be a little rough around the edges at times, but it only serves to add to the indie-esque charm of Deponia. Unique, charming, hilarious and a brilliantly written main character make this a must buy if you can get it on sale."
76561198089534240,Recommended,214340,8792463,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Dannigrrl,"Fantastic in every way. Highly, highly recommended."
76561198074169975,Recommended,214340,8719988,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,PhoenixT1,"It's a really great game, with beautiful graphics and animations. And really funny too. I am going to play the next episode really soon..."
,Recommended,214340,8697715,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Fatalis,This game has probably been one of my favorite games ever. It has beautiful artwork and music. I love everything about this game! (Espaically the really funny characters ^-^) This is a must play game if you are a fan of Daedalic's works! (now I have to go buy the other games :(
76561198019591330,Recommended,214340,8672004,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,jennatalon,Adictive game. Very fun. :)
76561198119669415,Recommended,214340,8833433,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ff6lockecole,Fun game that shows that the action/adventure game genre isn't dead.
76561198118824519,Recommended,214340,8840561,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sigur Johanson,I can absolutely recommend it! The story and the atmosphere are very catchy. I like the comic-style and there are a lot of funny situations and dry comments that make me laugh or at least smiling. Almost every riddle was logical but sometimes you have to combine items in such a weird way. I will also buy the next one as I like games of Daedalic Entertainemnt at all.
,Recommended,214340,946119,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,joelwinsagain,"The voice acting could be better, but there are times I've said the same about BioWare games; overall it's very well made, the graphics are great and the gameplay is highly reminiscent of the golden age of adventure games"
76561197965029394,Recommended,214340,8485770,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Halfcore,Wonderful for point-and-click enthusiasts. The most Lucasarts-style game by a non-Lucasarts company that I've ever played. Much fun.
76561198051096918,Recommended,214340,8488008,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,LotsOfLore,"Uscito l'update con la traduzione completa in ITALIANO (doppiaggio e testo)!!!!CONSIGLIO SPASSIONATAMENTE QUESTA SERIE (ce ne sono tre). Un capolavoro degli adventure games punta e clicca, comico all'inverosimile, disegnato benissimo.. fantastico!!!"
,Recommended,214340,464798,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,ephewe,"It's a fantastic old-school point-and-click adventure/puzzler in the vein of King's Quest, Discworld, Kyrandia, and Simon The Sorcerer. The voice-actors are surprisingly competent and the graphics are beautiful to behold. If you're a fan of the genre overall, adding this game to your library is an easy choice. If you really end up liking it a lot, there's even a sequel available called Chaos on Deponia!)."
,Recommended,214340,8424422,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Alteril,"A fantastic adventure game, one of the most entertaining point & click titles for the last few years with great puzzles and sense of humor. Looking forward to playing the sequels."
76561198036066404,Recommended,214340,8501568,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Murder Puff,"Hilarious and massively enjoyabe. I first picked this game up on a whim when it was on sale - and it turned out to be one of my all time favorite purchases from steam. The humor is frequent and clever, the gameplay is simple and engaging, and the storyline is, for lack of a better word, perfect!STRONGLY reccomend picking this game up. Very much worth the purchase for just about all gamer types."
76561198058836148,Recommended,214340,8492340,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,dominotheory,"Fun game, well-conceptualised junk world. Puzzles are not ridiculous but are also not too easy so you get a nice game play flow."
76561198008282343,Recommended,214340,8538604,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,RustyShackleford,"Fantastic game, with a great character driven story and Terry Pratchett style humour.The only down side I can give the game is it's not long enough!"
,Recommended,214340,8559471,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Dywindel,"Deponia is a game that thinks its looks sexy in a mirror, but what makes it really stand out is that story that creeps up on you without you ever noticing. This game is point and click puzzle solving that is so kickself it should mentor Riven. Deponia knows what it wants from the very beginning and it knows exactly what messages it wants to bring to the table and It will leave you feeling a mixture of depression and muther-flippin-catatonia.Like... Some sort of depressed-cata-tonic... Deprescaton... Decratonia... Or something."
,Not Recommended,214340,8463513,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,NarwhalKnight,The humor is a bit dry and the characters aren't as involved as I was led to believe. Would not buy again.
76561198014973977,Recommended,214340,8464161,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,JadePharaoh,A comical and well-written point-&-click adventure game. I highly recommend to fans of the genre.
,Recommended,214340,8614650,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,xav33,"Pleasantly surprised.  The  artwork was whimsical, and the puzzles were adequately difficult."
76561198042560253,Recommended,214340,8434263,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,AleAngione,"Well, Deponia is a very good point and click adventure game. I cant say i disliked, isnt GENIUS but its a very solid and amazing experience, i dont see why a person that likes the genre wouldnt buy this one.Music is cool , characters are cool, stupidity is at top lvls....Deponia is a well made and good to play gamei would give a 8 of 10 and will buy and play the next 2 =)"
76561197999162982,Recommended,214340,8438968,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gombie_Zoblin,"Truly, one of my favourites here,Huzzah! One of his favourites here!"
76561198026357688,Recommended,214340,8581399,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,DroneCabbage,Pretty effective supplier of old adventure game nostalgia feels.
76561198072776166,Recommended,214340,8654520,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,remyjazzy,"So quirky, entertaining and fun!  Deponia drew me in like I never expected a point anc click adventure game to ever be able to!"
76561198095089730,Recommended,214340,7440287,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Lenny Williams,This game is just Halareous its a drawn game it's realy funey with a lot of jokes.Its a game with a Steam Punk guy on a Trash planet called Deponia tryin to save a girl from a cool flothing place caled Alizeum. The only down side is that the game is prity short about 8 houers of game play but if you got $20 you want to spend I'd sujest you get this game unles you dont like puzzle game insted to Fps game.I would put this at about 8.9/10
,Recommended,214340,7931328,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Elrik84,"Fun game, is what can be said. The world is an interesting mix of Douglas Adams and Terry Pratchett styles, and the story, maybe not the most unique ever, is capturing and fun. The graphics are reminiscent of The Curse of Monkey Island. You know, those hand painted backgrounds! The main character, Rufus, is a fun guy but can be seen at times as obnoxious and unlikable, but he does make up for it in the end. The ending, which I do not wish to spoil, was incredible and not predictable. Some of the jokes feel forced at times and the puzzles may seem tedious (but there's a skip button for those more frustrated gamers). Get it, and play it. It's well worth it, and experience the wonder that is Deponia!"
,Recommended,214340,7952548,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Silva Cain,Extremely fun game. Looking forward to playing the other games.
,Recommended,214340,7957709,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,WillyWheels,Two words: Buy it.
76561198036341872,Recommended,214340,7964755,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jdubs,"The writing translated surprisingly well from the original German.  It's pretty funny and the puzzles are a bit more intuitive than some games of this sort can be.  If you kind of miss the old Lucas Arts adventure games, this will be an adequate (if imperfect) addition to your collection.  The game pads a bit with dialogue, but they make up for it with decent art style."
,Recommended,214340,7964969,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Herbie-dee,"One of the best Point-n-Click games that I've ever played with charismatic characters and an involving history.+Creative and attractive history with hilarious characters;+Great stylization of the level design that fits with the game's idea;+Well thinked and entertaining puzzles;+Every single soundtrack fits in it's own part of the game perfectly.-Sometimes the player is forced to do some things for the history continues, even against his will;-Inexperienced players in Point-n-Click games usually get stuck in some parts."
,Recommended,214340,12253534,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Fermi,"Deponia is a comedic point & click adventure game very similar to the Lucas Arts classics Monkey Island and Day of the Tentacle.I'm assuming that you are already familiar with the genre, so I'll keep this short and sweet.Pros:  Fluid animation, high resolution graphics, good soundtrack, interesting plot, funny dialog.Cons:  Puzzles are thrown in with arbitrary handicaps and do not contribute to the plot or integrate well.  The writers got lazy a few times and used the item descriptions from looking at an object as the narration when using the item as well.  It gets annoying hearing the same line multiple times when exploring or experimenting.Recommendation: If you like this sort of game, get it.  You can always look up a walkthrough to deal with the puzzles.Warning: This comedy in a later episode gets quite dark.  If you cannot stomach Southpark type humor, then you're better off skipping this trilogy."
76561198002986817,Recommended,214340,12412340,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Phantom Virus,This game was decently fun. I don't usually play point and click adventure puzzle games but this one is a lot of fun. I wasn't crazy about the cliffhanger ending and I think they should have just combined both deponia games into one. It's very much like the monkey Island games albeit a bit short. Some of the time I could get through the puzzles on my own while other times I used a walkthrough. Still it is good fun though I wouldn't spend much more then a buck or two on it.
,Recommended,214340,12415582,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,javaj,"Funny and enjoyable game, not too complex and deep.Recomended for special price"
,Recommended,214340,13138020,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Negan,"great game, I played a demo of it on Newgrounds(?) years ago and i just got this game super cheap with a 90% coupon from steam so i was like what the heck. Even though I used a walkthrough it was still an enjoyable game and I'm thinking of buying the next games after these."
,Recommended,214340,12318930,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Treemoure,Daedalic Entertainment deliver again.
76561198010489003,Recommended,214340,12321309,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Jack of Kell,This game is well worth the price. Although there are some glitches it is still abserdly funny. The hummor is the best part of this game. You will no doubt enjoy this game and its two sequels dispite its flaws. Some of the puzzles are hard to sove or simply do not make sense. But that is where walkthroughs come in.
,Recommended,214340,12296866,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TheDContinuum,"A great adventure game in the footsteps of the Monkey Island.  Great humor, interesting puzzles, good story, fun characters.  Silly madcap fun.  (Looking forward to the sequels)."
,Recommended,214340,12286336,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sethyr,"This series.What can I say.This goddamn series. Has. EVERYTHING that makes a point-and-click adventure game work. Fantastic puzzles, insane and colorful characters, a story that simulateously makes you laugh and cry with Rufus at the same time.Speaking of our egotistical main character, never before have I wanted to give a fictional game character a slap and a hug at the same time. The dude is unbelieveably self-centered, but at the same time he tried his best to keep his shenanigans from harming people. He wants to leave Deponia, but he can't just let people call Deponians trash. The planet? Yeah it's trash, but the people mean well and are just trying to get by, and are in no way trash.This character. This world.THIS SERIES. IS. AMAZING.10/10GET ALL THREE GAMES IT'S AMAZING."
76561198082463593,Recommended,214340,12227489,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,doocane,SO FUN.
,Recommended,214340,112755,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,AusSkiller,"A great point and click adventure game, very much like the old ones I used to play like Monkey Island, Simon the Sorcerer and the Discworld games, but with higher resolution graphics and slightly more sane solutions (but only slightly ;) )."
,Recommended,214340,12453192,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,rokers123,For those who like point-and-click this one is a feast! A really fun and interactive game! I highly recommend it!
76561198006444163,Recommended,214340,11239346,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Casey,"Well, it seems Monkey Island found its significant other, because this game feels like it belongs to that same type of game. I have had a blast in this puzzle solving adventure with a sleezy, lazy, over exagerated bum named Rufus, but overall he's just to interesting and fun to not be the main character. Overall very well done game, I am happy I made this purchase."
76561198043704370,Recommended,214340,11053056,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Father Abraham's Kabucha Farm,Droggeljug. Droggeljug. Droggeljug? Droggeljug! Droggeljug. Droggeljug. Droggeljug... Droggeljug!!!!
76561198167041459,Recommended,214340,22239845,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,N.R.Tupper,"Got this game on sale. I'm only an hour in and LOVING EVERY FRIGGING SECOND.This game harkens back to the oldie but goodies like Quest for Glory and King's Quest. Those were the days when you really had to think your way through things, you couldn't just mindlessly hack and slash. The humor is fantastic. I just want to absorb and look at everything because there's a joke almost everywhere.This is a fab game for old-school gamers looking for nostalgia and new-school gamers looking for a challenge and a laugh."
76561197979182022,Recommended,214340,27974023,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,kamination,"great humor, destroy the world to save it logic."
,Recommended,214340,27980068,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,leloscheidt,Great game! Great history!
,Recommended,214340,27976649,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Mr Ebernef,Great point and click adventure series with good mixture of humor and challenge. A few odd puzzles but overall great game.
,Recommended,214340,27717659,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LordLeto,"Excellent Point & Click adventure game. Purely, utterly brilliant sense of humor, recalling games like Day Of The Tentacle and Return to Monkey Island."
,Recommended,214340,27576572,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Adventury,"One of the best point and click adventure games out there, daedalic made an amazing work on all games of this series. It is truly worth giving it a try if you enjoy the genre."
76561198048088715,Recommended,214340,27902784,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Is That a JoJo Reference?,"Great series, would have loved to see a better ending to the trilogy as a whole, but as the first part of a great game trio it did it's job.9/10"
,Recommended,214340,27896766,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Progress_Weapon,10/10 would like a hateable character again
76561198167436594,Recommended,214340,27945744,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,anastasiya (RUS),Отличный квест
,Recommended,214340,27834913,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SchneeuwLeperd,This game is bring back the good old point & click adventure!
76561197998184866,Recommended,214340,25242247,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,budzmang,"This was a great point and click adventure game! A little short, but very engrossing, I can't wait to play the rest of the series!"
,Recommended,214340,27431327,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MrOsamah,Pros:+ Fun to play if you like this type of games+ Very very good humour+ Nice art+ Unique characters (especially Rufus)+ Nice puzzles (they will get better in the second and third game)+ Good sound tracks+ Not bad story with a good twistCons:- Sometimes boring- Some of the puzzles are too hard (of course you can use a guide)straight 8/10
,Recommended,214340,27560253,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Player,Топ квест.
76561198008691276,Recommended,214340,27423462,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zanxar,"If you like Monkey Island, you might enjoy this too."
,Recommended,214340,27433354,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,i suck,the best game I've ever played in my entire life
,Recommended,214340,17357353,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Whatty,Droggeljug. Droggeljug? Droggljug!Huzzah!
76561198050498486,Recommended,214340,27428059,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[COGS] piddy,German humor ...
76561197964881017,Recommended,214340,13285549,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,BaumPfeil,You have 10 hours fun with this. Really funny and good game.
76561198022598563,Recommended,214340,19340006,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,gigi426,"A super crazy and difficult point-and-click, Deponia will win you over with its gorgeous artwork and graphics along with the creativity of the world you'll explore with Rufus.  Not recommended for those who don't like puzzles, but for those who do, you'll certainly have a field day running through this series."
,Recommended,214340,19405000,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,jibz001,Just go buy all 3 parts because you will crave for more. mark my words !Rufus and Hussa will make you love this game ! :P
76561198025376884,Recommended,214340,19676742,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Modern Prometheus,Nice humor and decent gameplay.
,Recommended,214340,20884739,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Nico,"This was my second attempt to make it threw this game. I finally completed it and I enjoyed it.The main character Rufus doesn't really grow to much, you don't really make any connection with him because he repeatedly goes against his morals and you want the main character to be the one that defies all of the odds to stick to his guns. The jokes were good, I found the game quite amusing, it was light hearted and silly and I laughed out loud.The major problem with this game is the puzzle mechanics. The beginning is ok and the end makes sense but the middle part that takes place in the village has a lot of random trying everything in your inventory with everything else. They were grasping at straws and when I read a walkthrough to help me when I got stuck I realized I would NEVER have thought of the solution. I have played many adventure games but this one just got frustrating.I would still recommend it, I thought the artwork was great and the jokes were as well. Every single one of the characters are ignorant bums and when you find out what they want to do to Deponia you really don't care to much."
,Recommended,214340,21308134,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ilikemyface3,"when I was a little kid the first video games I played where point and click adventure games like  Freddy fish, putt putt and pajama Sam this reminds me of them but with one big different this is a lot harder."
,Recommended,214340,111293,"Posted: 17 August, 2012",all,driver8,"Great classic-style point-and-click adventure game that evokes Curse of Monkey Island. Good sense of humor, entertaining characters, decent length for $20. Only a few translation issues and none hurt the experience much."
,Not Recommended,214340,14792118,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Elfin Quail,"The humor and graphics of this game is really good and the puzzles are great as well.But at the end of a certain cutscene 20 minutes in the game, the game just crashes on me..Does somebody else have the same problem or is it just me?? And is there a way to fix it?But in the end, I can't upvote a game I can't play."
76561198052688620,Recommended,214340,21189643,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,NubCake,Drogglejug drogglejug?drogglejug drogglejug drogglejug drogglejug.drogglejug9/10
,Recommended,214340,17490162,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Izeuld,"May I present: Rufus. Our protagonist (technically true) and hero (not true even after three servings of cactus juice).He lives in Deponia. He hates Deponia. Deponia hates him.Now that you know the inter-relational dynamics of the situation, let me tell you something more about Rufus.He has flaws.And by that I mean he is a glib-tongued, self-absorbed, egotistical megalomaniac with inclinations for projects from the 'mad scientist' category. He might also be an arsonist. And he steals. Like, a lot. For example, if you have a firefly-powered miner's hat on you and Rufus is in the vicinity, chances are you don't really have it. Maybe you never even had it to start with? You just thought you had it?See...?Normally I try my best to avoid surrounding myself or even being associated with those kinds of people. But there's just something in him, you know? Not his brains, he has proven more than once that he is a little slow on the uptake, if you catch my drift.I have no idea how he does it but he makes me a worse person with each and every meeting we have. I admit, he got me so hooked that I took the bait (*hint*hint*), line and sinker and started playing Chaos on Deponia immediately after finishing this one.Rufus! Oh, the fun we've had! The only downside to it all is that I am afraid my moral compass isn't pointing north as much as it used to."
76561198022630666,Recommended,214340,21159658,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,groo,"Deponia is a humorous point and click, take-everything-and-try-it-on-everything game.The game reminds me of the Discworld games of yore.The main character Rufus is lazy, stupid and self-centered. But he is also a jackass and an egomaniac. A lovable rogue in short.I liked the humour and the puzzles. Puzzles are not too challenging and you can skip them if you want. I got stuck a couple of times when I did not know what to do to proceed (where to put the magnets to mark explosion spots,: the homes of the three people waiting in line)If you like point and click adventure games, get this. Even if you don't usually like them give Deponia a try, you might change your mind."
76561198103553027,Recommended,214340,21336720,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Royhem,"If you're open minded to a point and click adventure game I think this is a good bet. The puzzles are challenging and interesting, the characters are quirky, and the artwork is nice to look at. By the time you finish this game you'll know if it's worth it for you to try out the sequels, just know that the story doesn't really make an impact until the sequels."
,Recommended,214340,642840,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Akko,"Fans of adventure games rejoice! Point and click gameplay that reminds me of a more sapien-infested-island time if you catch my drift. Clever, if not silly, if not awesome puzzle solving and the nicest art I've seen in the genre, or any game, in some time."
,Recommended,214340,21781309,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Goose Pelo,"Short game, but really interesting and simple gameplay. The puzzles themselves are complex and fun to figure out."
,Recommended,214340,23074474,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hassgropper,"Overall, this was a nice break from some of the faster paced games I play. Puzzles weren't to hard as long as you listen to the dialogue. The story was silly and over the top making it a very likable game."
76561198043603638,Recommended,214340,23078740,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Radarker,"First off, this game taught me that I suck at it, or I heavily lost practice at point and click puzzle games. I played it with a walkthrough open in the background for whenever I got stuck because, for example, I wouldn't have figured out that I needed a damn parrot (you'll know now), or to combine certain stuff for stuff that looked like regular background or foreground. Did that ruin the experience for me? No. It was still very enjoyable.The dialogue is funny and you can get some good laughs from certain parts.The story is good enough and the main character is alright even though he's quite the egomaniac, though I only got mad at him at the end when he mistook a guy for a pirate, poor dude.Gameplay is fine as well, specially if you know how these games work and that they have some weird combinations and usage for items.Only problems I've seen were some minor sound bugs. In the town hall for example, the protagonist shows the speech animation while a line from another character is said, and he does this not in a mocking way. Sometimes something is said that's a bit different in the written form, and when you skip through dialogue it can happen that it gets a bit mixed up when spoken. Doesn't happen very often though, so it's fine.Only warning I can give is, pay very close attention to everything that moves or changes, and what people say, there are so many hints that I thought was just regular dialogue, but actually mattered.Conclusion : It's a good game."
,Recommended,214340,24455575,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Tortique,"Deponia is a brilliant example of point-and-click adventure games. Awesome story and graphic along with very good puzzles. Rather hard but none were illogical. Maybe too much dialogues to my taste. And not all language puzzles were translated well into Russian (but very few, and maybe it's just my ""uncleverness"").If you are a fan of these type of games, Deponia will be a real treat."
,Recommended,214340,278793,"Posted: 18 August, 2012",all,Yuki-iSM,"""Lucasarts from Germany"" they weren't joking - a good and funny adventure game. I deeply enjoyed the story, characters, and script; witty and silly just like Monkey Island. Some of the puzzles were unintuitive as expected due to the nature of the game. Ultimately, I simply can't get enough! Can't wait for Deponia 2 to come out."
76561198323809898,Recommended,214340,25235555,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,Yuki,"I'm using Win 10, and I have to run the game under win7 mode or it won't turn out to be full screen"
76561198259996926,Recommended,214340,24748459,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,ashleycat,"Do I really need to write a review for this game? Probably not. But I enjoyed this and the following games in the series so much, I just feel I have to add my voice to all the other voices of praise for Deponia. This game really sparked my excitement for gaming again. I don't know how to write an organized review, so I'll just ramble off some points. :) The thing that makes this game gold is the writing. All of the characters are well developed and charming.  Even the hilariously self-absorbed Rufus. I feel like this is one of the more unique games I have played. If you want to figure out all of the puzzles on your own without a guide, you will spend hours at some points, wracking your brain, thinking creatively... The solutions you (Rufus) come up with to advance are not immediately obvious and are very clever. It can get frustrating, but it is very rewarding when you put things together. Such a smart and comedic game. The atmosphere is so unique and the artwork is fantastic. The experience only gets better in the next games as the story developes, so be prepared to spend some time in this universe. I'm so glad I did!"
,Recommended,214340,24591478,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,[#miata]Tzimisce,"Deponia was an enjoyable game, both in story and gameplay.While classic point&click adventure game puzzles are not my favorite, and I admit to looking up some solutions so I could continue with the story, I would not personally knock the puzzle gameplay as it was very strong otherwise.Some glitches abound, mostly concerning movement and sometimes it confusing one cut-off space with another (IE you would have to go back and try again to walk to the right location) but otherwise I experienced no in-game problems.The main character IS maddening, but I am still hooked on continuing the deponia story."
,Recommended,214340,24834667,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Liftzero_,I love this game... So goddamn much. (Unfortunately i had to download a save for the magnet field genorator for the pigeons as it was bugged)
76561198041314353,Recommended,214340,24831641,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,gsmcclellan,A great start to a fantastic series.
76561198275951474,Recommended,214340,24735975,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Fitani,This game is amazing. I had a few glitches but they were easy to fix.
,Recommended,214340,24515031,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Quellv,"This is a review for the Deponia series (Deponia, Chaos on Deponia, and Goodbye Deponia).tl;drA very lovable game, a lot of good humor, good characters. I fell in love with the world very quickly. Game is tricky at times but that can be expected from a point and click adventure.ScoringStory: ★★★★☆Characters: ★★★★☆Gameplay: ★★★★☆World: ★★★★★Overall: ★★★★☆"
76561198083284898,Recommended,214340,24575807,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,MaWiPo,"one of the best storyline games i have ever played yet. yes it's hard to find out what to do sometimes but there always is walkthrough on youtube :D: game about how stupid idiot who lived in junktown became a real human and how he saved deponia from demolition. funny, enjoyable puzzle game. 10/10"
,Recommended,214340,24571424,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Lethal Pink Eye,"Hey, this game was pretty fun. Just wish steam would give me all the achievments THAT IT KNOWS I DESERVE FOR BEATING THIS"
,Recommended,214340,17227988,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Sherlock Holmes,Fun and makes you think hard sometimes.
76561198135863150,Recommended,214340,25421696,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Fucking Strong Invisible Dragon,"DroggleJug!DroggleJug DroggleJug, DroggleJug DroggleDroggleDroggleJug-DroggleJugDroggleJugDroggleJug-DroggleJug DroggleJug. DroggleJug DroggleJug, DroggleJug. DroggleJug-DroggleJug DroggleJug? DroggleJug.DroggleJugDroggleJug DroggleJug DroggleJugDroggleJugDroggleJugDroggleJug DroggleJugDroggleJugDroggleJug DroggleJug DroggleJugDroggleJugDroggleJug, DroggleJugDroggleJug DroggleJug. DroggleJug DroggleJug DroggleJug."
,Recommended,214340,25989245,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,paper weight,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Recommended,214340,26105338,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,SAVE FILE DELETED,"This is the best game ever the artsyle,characters,story all of this game is beutiful 1000/10"
,Recommended,214340,26043017,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Jchoco,"My rate: 7/10This game...I would say it has good art work, musics, and funny jokes,but if you are a ""solve everything by myself"" person--this might be a very tough game for you.You have to be searching every map and talk to the NPCs VERY THOROUGHLY, remember what they said. Sometimes you have NO idea what to do or what items should be combined...and it sure is frustrating to go all over the maps again and combining items randomly.So, It's not like I'm saying you shouldn't buy this game--I'm saying if you want the best gaming experience, grab a guide and look at it whenever you feel lost. Don't waste too much time trying to figure things out. (Sometimes things are really out of your expectation)"
,Recommended,214340,22145890,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,VerminatorX,Had so much fun with this game if your a fan of point a click adventure I highly recommend can't wait to start on second game
,Not Recommended,214340,22162741,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,The Jumping Ghost,"$20 for this ?  Fortunately I got the game for only $2 on sale, but I can't help imagining how disappointed I would have been if I had paid full price for it.  10 hours is no small amount of game time but the plot barely advances at all over the course of the game.  Half of my time playing was spent making a cup of espresso, and the rest of the game just rushes by without anything actually happening.  The game ended right when I thought it was getting started.  None of the questions that were introduced in the exposition of the game were resolved at the end, and instead it only made the story even more ambiguous without any closure.  This game is completely useless without owning the sequels, which only seems like a way of cheaply breaking up the story for more money, when this one is being sold at twice the price that it should be.This game showed a lot of promise at the start.  It's set in a unique and interesting world that I had no problem getting into (in no small part due to the phenomenal art direction), the protagonist is a relatably uncharismatic outcast who became increasingly likable as his surroundings (namely his disdainful and unsympathetic neighbors) became more developed, the hero's actions and motives are clear and understandable despite his overt rudeness and dim-witted sense of grandiosity, it has an engaging sense of humor, and the good soundtrack and voice acting only added to the charm of the game.  With so much done right, it's incredible that anything could go wrong.Unfortunately the plot just becomes a mess once the final area is reached and the last chunk of story is delivered all at once just before it's abruptly ended.  The last area consists of a frustrating back and forth that ultimately brings the protagonist right back to the start just when it felt like the game was finally getting somewhere, that is Elysium, the place that the player and the character have both been trying to reach the whole time.  It gets so close to reaching this goal that it felt like the real plot was artificially snatched away at the last second simply so that a sequel could be made.My suggestion is that you should play this game if it looks appealing, but be prepared to get forced into a whole series and definitely do not buy it at full price.  I personally enjoyed Deponia and will probably be buying the game's sequels myself if they go on sale sometime, but I can't recommend playing it at the current price of $20."
,Recommended,214340,19855512,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,darveshpreet,"Nice Game, sometimes its vague when figuring out the clues as no hints are there. But it does satisfy with its storyline."
76561198055976630,Recommended,214340,20387289,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Can Of ForTuna,"I liked this game, it has some really tough puzzles, I tended to hover around guides for most of them. Im a dumbass when it comes to inventory puzzles (where you got you use certain items in your inventory to complete puzzles) the game ended up making me use items I just forgot about. however i loved this game, it has a good story and alot of good characters."
76561198137431357,Recommended,214340,20360968,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,julie1morland,loved it
76561198110564523,Not Recommended,214340,20424863,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Criticalanalysiscommitee,"Keep away from this 6 hour point and click torture:Being a old school Riven & Mist series fan i saw this game and travelled in time... Nostalgia...While the world and immersion are quite okay, displaying coherence  throughout the characters and locations, it ends there. Rufus (the main character) is Rufus, and I don't like him. Spoiled brat type of guy whit little dept in my opinion, makes me not want to help him. Aside from that I tried to help him, but i have no idea what goes in his head, and why the puzzles are so complicated. Not in intelligence/logic complicated, but more like emotionally complicated as nothing seems to but a normal step, that I would take, yet you have to deal with it as it's the only option and move on... You'll drive yourself crazy trying all the possible combinations of using all your objects in all you possible interactions, till it works. But because it doesn't make sense, you rely on your guide to the next step...The prettiest and longest  tutorial  I played, recommend other games in the genre, especially because the re-playability is not there, and the price for 6 hours of tutorial-following made the importance of the story kinda vanished :(Artwork- Vibrant cartoonish 8/10Sound - Well dubbed, and nice voice acting, sound quality is good 8/10Puzzles - What TF? 1/10Immersion - Nice world well designed, story seems coherent 8/10 looses a bit because puzzlesgameplay - try and error, not a lot of logic for most of the stepsDon't buy, or buy on sale. -90% ahah I enjoyed Frankenstein: Master of Death a lot more, for less money."
,Recommended,214340,3051018,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Tony,"This Interesting game is anything but easy.. lol Deponia is an action packed, adventure full of puzzles, mystery and romance!.. Somewhat. The game is based around a junk boy named Rufus who likes to consider himself an ""inventor"" and with you controlling his every move.. he might be ;) .. but don't be so sure! there's a lot of tricks throughout the game that will stump you! if you're looking for a game to spend a few days on this is a great one! don't feel too bad if you need to look up what to do next if you get stuck. :)Rufus meets this girl, Goal, on a battle cruiser and makes it his job to save her.. although.. it may always seem like he's making the situation worse! but who knows.. maybe in the end he'll pull it all off! .... or not.Spoiler Alert: If you but this game you MUST buy Chaos on Deponia as well.. if you don't you will surely be angry at the end.. because .. *and this is the spoiler* it's a cliff hanger!I highly recommend this game! It was a lot of fun and I would surely love to play it again! it very much reminds me of how class pc games were back in the late 90's early 2000's and his an amazing storyline.5/5 Stars!"
76561198074878297,Recommended,214340,6777151,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Barttier,Ein Point and Click wie es sein sollte.
76561198054979142,Not Recommended,214340,20341437,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Wildberry Jam,"Would not recommend. The art style is fun, the mechanics and voice acting are fine. The puzzles are quite difficult at times, with not enough hints about what you're actually trying to achieve, so I spent hours walking around trying to combine every item with everything else (This is not the case for the most part, but a few sections were particularly frustrating). Fortunately the most difficult of the puzzles (the mini-games) are skippable. This would be not be an issue if the story and characters were engaging enough to draw you through the puzzles, but unfortunately none of the main characters are likeable, and the story is pretty thin. The humour is cute, but doesn't make up for the story and characters. I found the treatment of the female characters in particular pretty grating. There's supposed to be some self-awareness to it I think (the love interest is literally called 'Goal' after all), but she is comatose and generally treated as a possession for most of the game."
,Not Recommended,214340,20331592,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,{DP} Lexi,"There are no likeable characters in the entire game, and the main character has a personality like a cheese grater agianst your inner ear."
,Recommended,214340,19766579,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,LoveOnTap,This game is very pretty. The soundtrack makes you want to claw your eyes out of your earholes after a while. But the puzzles were fun(even if most of them didn't make sense and had a huge random factor). Took me a day to comeplete it(had to get help on a couple puzzles). But I would say it's worth the price.
,Not Recommended,214340,19828129,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,chickpea,"They say a flawed character is a sign of a great story, but all of the characters here are nothing but a bunch of flaws molded into a human-esque shape, and the story still reeks with mediocrity. Try playing the other point-and-click adventure games by Daedalic Entertainment, they're much better.6/10Buy it when the Daedalic Entertainment bundle is on sale."
,Recommended,214340,19929681,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Tingly Nipple Man,really good game gay retard loves it
76561198074919819,Recommended,214340,19991755,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,TheTipsyKiwi,"I enjoyed parts of the game, it is definitly funny. I think part of the problem is I am not a big fan of the point and click genre. I would recomend this to someone who is, I just don't have the patience to adapt the logic (funny as it is out there) that is used in this game. Again, wan't to be clear, not dissing the game, Its just not for me."
,Recommended,214340,19967968,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,[Rekkt].Gaeb,Bought the game because it was 95% off. Decent game with funny dialouge and amazing art BUT IT IS TOO HARD TO PLAY WITHOUT A WALKTHROUGH!!!
,Recommended,214340,19876031,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Oggy,droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljug droggeljugdroggeljug/10
,Recommended,214340,20604333,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Hero Protagonist,"Really liked it, 7-8 hours playtime"
,Recommended,214340,20673996,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,[Br0] bloodshedhero,"Deponia is a fun 2D puzzle game, and is a throwback to some of the 90's childhood games I first owned on a PC. The game includes an entertaining story, as well as a variety of challenging puzzles. I have a love-hate relation with the story, but in the end I'd recommend this game to anyone interested in the Puzzle genre."
,Recommended,214340,20654751,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Submarine Fish & Knuckles,"THE POINT AND CLICK ERA IS UPON US!My god, this game is f**ing amazing. The story, puzzles, and comedy are all spot on. This is honestly my favorite point & click series hands down."
,Recommended,214340,20755695,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Guacamolee,Pretty challenging point-and-click puzzle game. Loving the humour and the characters!Will give it 8/10 c:
76561198093336856,Recommended,214340,24403554,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,Muppet of a Man,plot twist: the banjo announcer top hat guy is Rufus's fatherquite an interesting game if i do say so myself
,Recommended,214340,24271230,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Bruch,"This is absolutely one of the best Point & Click games I've ever played since I started playing this awesome genre. I love the story, the voices and all the rest. Thank you Daedalic, love you. ♥"
,Recommended,214340,24421007,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,meowyan,"Other than getting stuck too often, I really enjoyed myself. The voices are apt, the graphics are pretty, and the plot development has left me wanting more. Off to play Chaos on Deponia! Huzzah!"
,Recommended,214340,25096767,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,Nich,After all it's all about Droggeljug.
,Recommended,214340,4864739,"Posted: 26 November, 2012",all,splitbrain,"Took me about 8 hours to get through this very decent adventure game. It has excellent graphics and dialoges and the story is interesting enough. A few of the puzzles where a bit obscure sometimes, though. I'm looking forward to play the second part."
,Recommended,214340,25139904,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Radosław,"Deponia brings you back to old times of good adventure games but also shows quality comic book graphics of high detail. It is funny for most time, but also has a couple of serious scenes. A goog recommendation for everyone looking for a good story."
,Recommended,214340,25071761,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,MisoB|CSGOatse.com|CSGOloto.com,Perfect adventure :) Drogglejug!
,Recommended,214340,25062551,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Inghamasi,Sometime make me strees with this puzzle game
76561198017275187,Recommended,214340,24813572,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,shadow,it was fun
76561198258696825,Recommended,214340,24955492,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Chaoflux,"It's engaging, addictive, and absolute nonsense at times. It's perfect!"
76561198100253763,Recommended,214340,25533283,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Amane Yu,"a very good story...and you must buy all deponia series and you will not dispointed.try to get it on sale, because its a little pricey"
,Recommended,214340,25510220,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Murray,"Couldn't finish the game yet, but still I like the graphics and story :)"
76561198029403467,Recommended,214340,25387738,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,has spirit of old lucas art adventures.
,Recommended,214340,25498818,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Blue Ϟ Lightning,A humorous (not nessisarily laugh out loud funny but it has its moments) point and click adventure game which has intuitive gameplay.One of the things I hate about point and click games is half of em require you to spend half your time in a walkthrough to figure out that your supposed to add a straw and a pickle to make a key or whatever.Deponia has puzzles which you can actually figure out and make sense conceptually. You can play thorugh the game without ever touching a walkthough which I liked.
,Recommended,214340,25323805,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Lucan,"I have long since been a fan of adventure games ever since I traipsed around the disc as Rincewind the hopeless wizard and solving the ancient mystery of the Templars in Broken sword, feeling the itch for adventure once more I looked to cure the malady with the first Deponia an adventure game set in a world overflowing with garbage and rust.Amusingly enough I find myself following the antics of a young, optimistic if not misguided and cursed individual called Rufus who can't help but destroy nearly everything he comes into contact with, With my previous experience of the adventure genre it didnt take long to acclimate myself with the user interface and inventory systems even so a newcomer to the genre would find it easy to navigate the vibrant world around them and have help from the game itself with the press of a button.From start to finish I played through colourful environments with a smile on my face as I watched on at Rufus' attempts to converse with wacky characters and overcome the problems he was faced with often with disasterous results but still couldn't stop myself from laughing at his misfortune, the plot though simple was still absorbing enough to keep my interest and managed to throw plenty of curveballs so much so I can't wait to get to continue the advenuture and see what mischief Rufus manages to get himself into."
76561198013579266,Recommended,214340,25422033,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,:Neuromancer:,"Fun to play, dialogues remind me of Monkey Island games. Puzzles are medium difficulty, love the middle mouse button feature (reveals interactive objects on screen in current location), as I find it boring to scan every screen with mouse for all possible interactions (but you don't have to use it if you prefere not to). Just bought 2nd a 3rd installments, hope they are just as great."
76561197987414906,Recommended,214340,25425118,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,theguyB,"Great game, though you have to play all 4 titles (because the end of the trilogy might make you mad and feel like everything you did was futile)."
76561198165561778,Recommended,214340,25513373,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Vinnie,"Deponia brings the classic point and click animated adventure games to a new level of quality. A modern series of games with a system and artwork that might bring Leisure Suit Larry to mind, packed with a lot of humor and abstract situations. There's a plethora of characters with their unique personalities and tons of interesting stuff happening in the plot.It certainly is one of the best games in the point and click genre, yet it's not flawless. One of the flaws is that there are moments where you're clueless as of what you're supposed to do. You're stuck, trying to figure out what to do/where to use an object. After consulting with a solution, it turns out that the thing you didn't know was so ridiculous that you'd probably spend hours on trying to figure it out, and still not get it.+ amazing humor+ very long+ original story+ interesting characters- many spots that are easy to get stuck at"
,Recommended,214340,25551371,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,heidi,"I like this game for a few reasons: it has got the detailed cartoon graphics I happen to like, the main character is likable even if they try to tell you he isn't and I like the setting of the story. And boy, that's good enough for me!Great entertainment of which I would happily pay the full price, but didn't as I got it at a rediculously low price on a discounted bundle on a weekend sale. Can't wait to play the other Deponia games.ps. It was a little too short from awesome."
,Recommended,214340,13260922,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dewritos,"It doesn't run on old systems, because of the high processing power this game demands. Be careful!Ok P&C game, some puzzles are hard as tuck. The animation is good."
76561198080055420,Not Recommended,214340,20623080,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Stray Donkey,pretty♥♥♥♥♥
76561197961883127,Not Recommended,214340,21875002,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,[PaNiC]-FatiguedSoldier,"I'd like the game better if i could finish it. I'm stuck at planet's magnetic field, and can't change buttons.There is no green lights on in the puzzle like the screenshots on the net. I've restarted the game once. maybe I'm missing something or the game is buggy."
,Recommended,214340,2352566,"Posted: 10 February, 2013",all,NarZ,"굉장히 재미난 어드벤처.오랜만에 이런 류의 유머러스한 어드벤처를 만나봤네요.원숭의섬의 비밀 1,2,3편  하는 기분으로  재미나게 했어요.우리말화 되면 더 좋을텐데 말이죠^^10점 만점에 8.5점은 충분히! ㅎㅎ"
76561198037500060,Recommended,214340,21117597,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Qwyo,"Very well made point and click adventure game.  The story was actually really good with quite a bit of witty remarks giving myself a good chuckle.  The story had everything Damsels, A misguided unique hero (whom has the most peculiar case of horribly good luck), odd characters throughout the story, and very well done artwork.  This game had everything it needed to be quite entertaining and fun.  Very excited to play the sequels and see what Rufus will be up too on his Deponian adventures.  Pick this up on sale has been on sale in every one so far great game."
,Recommended,214340,8012604,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Alchemist Gojie,"Great storytelling, great voice acting, cool character art, and yet mediocre puzzles... Good for some afternoon game session."
,Recommended,214340,715282,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Blurp,"Terrific adventure game in type of point and click. Nice cartoon graphics, engaging story, fun characters, cool music. As a great fan of the Monkey Island series, Discworld and Machinarium I highly recommend this game to all adventure lovers. Buy it and play - you will not regret for sure."
76561197963648204,Recommended,214340,157650,"Posted: 15 December, 2012",all,Ambo,"Point and click adventure. It's pretty funny and really well put together. These things can be rather dialogue heavy but this one seems at a good level for my liking.Puzzles are good from what I've seen so far. Difficult but logical and satisfying.Full price is £16 atm which seems a bit ott for my money. If you like this kind of thing, it's well worth picking up on a 75% off deal though."
,Recommended,214340,901645,"Posted: 15 January, 2013",all,PopTeaMoon,"СУППА-ТРУППА!!! Напомнило мне квесты от Лукаса 90-Х(Манки Айленд 1,2 , Фул Тротле и Диг. Больше Манки Айленд, герой ржачный нимагу, 80% времени я ехидно хихикал под его коменты!))) ИГРА СУПЕР!!!"
76561198015158451,Recommended,214340,7814987,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,MichaelBurge,Great game - you should all buy the trilogy.
,Recommended,214340,1426112,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,aznstlth,"Really Funny. Good humour, good duration, and some very clevor puzzles! Also, the story is great!"
,Recommended,214340,7831023,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Tylander The Traveler,Deponia... Well Deponia is a nice point and click adventure and its rather interesting and the puzzles go from sweating and looking at the complexity of the guide to thinking to yourself why the hell is this so easy it also has 2 sequals to it witch add alot more fun I highly recconmend this game to anyone who wants a comedic point and click adventure.
76561197995213961,Recommended,214340,1595775,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Dverning,"I give it a 6-7.It's cute, amusing and gratuitous.  If I'd realized the spacebar highlights objects sooner than 1/2 through the game, it wouldn't have been quite so difficult.  Some decent puzzles and good voicework resulting in about 4 hours of gameplay.  Worth picking up for $10."
76561197980768440,Recommended,214340,16105788,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,John Difool,I may be a bit bias in my rating as I have always enjoyed point and click adventures but this one nailed it.The puzzles are fun - good mechanics and with the ability to skip some of the more complicated or less obvious ones.Very few situations that require talking to characters to progress the game which keeps things moving but can also get a bit tricky when you are completely stuck and have no one to give you hints.Good humor and interesting situations make this a good play through for even seasoned point and clickers  and multiple endings add a reasonable amount of replay value.My only gripe with this game is the lack of character movement speed in the settings when you are really stuck and need to move through scenes over and over to find a solution - waiting for your character to walk up and interact with something can get rather annoying.Over all 8.5/10 Drogglejugs
,Recommended,214340,16110428,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Thugtrio,"This game is great, and just awesome. I did get a bug to where my subtitles were in German when he speaks about a protective suit, and a few crashes here and there. Also a tip save often and have more than one save file."
,Recommended,214340,16451792,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,AIMEEFROMMARS,"Had a lot of fun playing this!It was pretty hard though, but good :)8/10"
,Recommended,214340,16307838,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Harcile,"It is very good in some ways and not so great in others. I do recommend it, but it could have been a cult classic with a bit more polishing and thought.The artwork is very good. The voice acting is good. The general presentation of the game is good. Sometimes the animations are a bit off - the generic animations of Rufus rarely match the actions he is supposedly doing, but I consider that a very minor gripe and customizing all those animations would take a lot of time.The main problem is the puzzles as many solutions are downright bizarre. It isn't even really the solutions that are the problem. It is the lack of hints. You have to spot and figure most of it all out manually. Whereas in Monkey Island, Guybrush might say a hint when trying to do something that is blocked, the only hinting in Deponia is buried in long dialogs and usually not for the whackiest puzzles.Some items/objects are almost impossible to spot without a helping hand (not provided by the game, I might add).Also the walking around is time consuming. The town centre can take a considerable amount of time to navigate, and sometimes it is a bit clunky to move between areas of a scene that aren't on the same level.Sadly, only the absolutely determined (those prepared to try every item combination and pixel hunt every scene) will complete this without a guide."
76561197998306036,Recommended,214340,16408269,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,1classybadger,"firstly, let me preface this review by saying I do not normally enjoy point and click adventure games. but, whether it was the world, that mimics the works of douglas adams and terry prattchet, or the art style, that made me think I should be eating some overly sugared cereal, I loved this game, and upon completion immediatly purchased its two follow up entries. if you are curious about the genre, I do recommend this game."
76561197995705427,Recommended,214340,16893956,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,senshaij,"I really enjoyed this game. It was my first time playing through a point-and-click adventure, and now I'm off to try some of the other point-and-click games by Daedalic. I plan to try and complete the Deponia series ^_^"
,Recommended,214340,16903036,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,PAPA REMAA__  3L M4T4d0R,Deponia is a very funny game.It can be very frustasting sometimes but with some youtube help you can easly end itRecommend it 8/10
76561198180511893,Recommended,214340,16903770,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,sarahcody99,Great and addictive game
,Recommended,214340,16880262,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Weeb,Cool game.
,Recommended,214340,17741262,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Ben_Parry,"Really solid point and click game with a pretty good story to keep the momentum going - The script is genuinely funny in parts. A couple of the puzzles are a bit tenuous, and so I had to look up the solution - but this didnt marr an otherwise enjoyable experience."
,Recommended,214340,17603007,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SilentDrkAngel,Great for a laugh since the dialogue is quite witty. Some of the puzzles can be challenging when it's not clear what your next task should be. I bought this game in a bundle pack which was definitely worth it.
,Recommended,214340,17622421,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,mrbah,"Great Artstyle, self absorbed humorous Main character, this throwback to oldschool point-and-click adventures has it all. german or english language advised. cliffhanger-ish ending"
,Not Recommended,214340,17757484,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,baronvonstames,"If I didn't have to check the internet for every clue, this would have been an awesome game.Most of the combinations you have to make to essentially craft another object make no sense, and it is frustrating to be stuck in one point in the game with no story progression while you have to literally scour everything repeatedly to get to the next step.  While that is the point of point-and-click adventures, you are often left at the mercy of looking at your inventory and asking yourself: what the heck can I make from a balloon and this other thing?Other than that, the game had a cool story and awesome graphics.  Just too frustrating to make me want to continue with the series.  It is not even asking the developers to dumb it down, but just make the clues actual clues instead of playing the guessing game of ""oh I need to put that on a bulletin board for the mechanical bull."""
,Recommended,214340,16925359,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,imorbxiii,"If you never played a point and click adventure, this is a pretty good starting place. Though rather zanny, MOST of what you have to do is pretty straight forward. Puzzles arem't disgustingly hard and if you get stuck on one, you can always skip it. Like many adventure games, some of the logic seems pretty out there. The art and the world are beautiful but simplistic. Honestly, what will make or break this game for you is your sense of humor... well, that or droggeljug.(Cool bonus tip: make sure you hold down space bar to see everything you can click in the area!!!)"
,Recommended,214340,16928128,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Silentwill,"Deponia is a great point-and-click adventure game with really well-implemented puzzle mechanics. As you progress through the game, you will encounter puzzle-like situations that is so well-blended with the story it makes you feel like you're creating the next scenes, or like you're leading the story by solving these puzzles. The game's difficulty is also definitely fair, as you're often given clues on how to solve difficult puzzles if you look around the environment. Not to mention that the following results of your actions in the game are, more often than not, hilarious as hell (or at least I find wreaking havoc, destroying things and ruining people's day pretty damn comedic). But if not for the puzzles or comedy, I at least found the story very compelling (made me sat through the whole game in one day).Definitely would recommend this game, or even the whole trilogy, to anyone who wants a giggle or those who simply enjoy good puzzles and good story."
,Recommended,214340,17234005,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,° MakaroneN,50/100
76561198033387908,Recommended,214340,17926710,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,frontlinefallguy,Overall a pretty good point and click. The story takes a little while to build momentum and the main character takes some time for you to build a connection with. That said there is probably a little rufus in all of us.
,Not Recommended,214340,17686316,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,alien asshole,"Man, lemme tell you I have exactly 10 minutes put into this game and I already hate the main character so badly I had to turn the volume of the voice acting down so I could handle his smarminess."
76561198047205919,Recommended,214340,17500072,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Noodle del Siglo,"The game is great after you learn the shortcuts, such as double clicking on doorways and arches automatically take you through them (very helpful in the town). Left clicking skips dialogue that appears in the speech bubbles, which is helpful if you're a fast reader.I really like point and click adventures, and I do reccomend the game, but the main character is such an annoying scumbag. In the beginning I thought he was funny with a sarcastic side. However, he only cares about himself, as the other characters with remind you constantly, and what was once humorous about him gets annoying after a short a while.The game felt rather short though, and due to the main character, I can't say I would want to play the other Deponia games because he's just too much to sit through."
,Recommended,214340,10514637,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,✪iTzRare,This game is realy funny its worth the money :3
76561198002500909,Recommended,214340,17129682,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Koichi,"All I can say is that we need more games like this to calm our nerves from other competitive games. Story is amazing, funny and original. Graphic style is very pleasant to the eyes. But what I like the most are the puzzles through the whole game. They really require some brainstorming and imagination. Would buy this game again and I am for sure going to buy sequels."
,Recommended,214340,28611408,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Morpheu5,"Deponia is weird and quirky and Rufus is indeed a jerk, but in a good way. Suffice to say, he'll grow on you towards the end, like that fungal infection in your right toenail that you left untreated for too long. But in a good kind of way. It's hard to explain.The game is good, it's hard, and the story is very well developed and told. I have to say I'm not a big fan of what happens with the dowsing rod, but I'm also not sure whether the authors made that choice intentionally, as a nod to old-time adventures, or whether they just thought it was funny to play with the players like that. Either way, it's not the hardest enigma. It's in fact quite obvious, and that makes it even more infuriating, but hey!I played the game almost entirely in German, with Italian subtitles because I don't understand much German. Now, I know and appreciate very much that there is an Italian dubbing, but it's… erhm, let's just say it's wonky. The acting is most of the times lame, and I can't say the same for the German -- or event the English -- dubbing. Still, I appreciate the effort!Overall, I enjoyed almost every bit of the game. The character animations could be better. The team clearly put a lot of effort in the art -- it's beautiful! -- and the cut scenes -- amazing! -- but in the end you are stuck watching the same 6-frames walk cycles over and over, and even other occasional animations aren't that much better.My girlfriend hated Rufus -- but that's kind of the point, I suppose. She left the room and didn't come back until I stopped playing. Oh, well. I'm just glad that people are still making well written and engaging graphical adventures these days!Absolutely recommended if you are a fan of the genre."
,Not Recommended,214340,29052321,Posted: 5 January,all,dgrant069,"For point and click adventure lovers, this game is only so so. It has some moments and some humor, but tries way too hard. Storyline is ok, puzzles and content seem shallow. Some annoying things get repeated. Might be good for an intro to these style games."
76561198005505429,Recommended,214340,29064906,Posted: 6 January,all,Woaagh,"Lovely point and click adventure game, if you're into this style of games you'll surely enjoy it, or you've probably already played it...  just don't let droggeljug ruin your day (who came up with that idea anyway?). Do yourself a favor and skip that achievement and try to be satisfied with 95% completion, nobody will blame you :-)"
,Recommended,214340,29140122,Posted: 9 January,all,Nick Nolte,"Great adventure, almost without frustrating and ridiculous puzzles."
76561198102040087,Recommended,214340,28326533,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Spongebob Squarepants,"Well i thought at first time it's just one of the crappy game , but after spend hour playing it it's really cool game actually , i'm not regreting wasting my time for 3 hours just to make some expreso , the puzzle really difficult to solved, the story so interesting that attract me to play more , but there is many bug in the game , for example if you playing in windows 8/10 you have change the compability mode to win 7 and  check the display scaling on high DPI setting box , and i hate the main character RUFUS so egoistic . But still i recommend this game , sorry for the bad english."
76561198341671498,Recommended,214340,28865967,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Fred the Bunny,"A refreshingly witty and wacky find!I played the game for almost 20 hours with a lot of chuckling and frustration.I fell in love with the characters, the plot, and the game art."
,Recommended,214340,29003358,Posted: 4 January,all,monkmadness,"Great game I got hooked pretty quick. Puzzles in this game are really hard at times but very satisfying when achieved. I recommend this game for anybody who wants to just sit back, relax, and basically play a story because this game has a good theme to it and a great story line, it is pretty funny too."
76561198045415121,Not Recommended,214340,29001909,Posted: 4 January,all,LjK,"A nice game with neat attention to detail, however it resulted in a lot of trial-and-error gameplay which was quite frustrating - might be my stupidity though. Didn't enjoy."
76561197972888039,Recommended,214340,28985217,Posted: 3 January,all,froststurm,Great Adventure in the old way like old LucasArts Adventures with a really funny main character.8 / 10
,Recommended,214340,28778181,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ZAT,"A must-buy game. Especially if you love beautiful story and art, thinking as well."
76561198126877860,Recommended,214340,28825324,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,"Quite, Tyni!","Disclaimer: I have not played Deponia in English at all. This review is for the German version only.I can only say that this is a wonderful point-and-click adventure game. The makers very obviously love the genre, love writing, and love every single one of their characters (and they love singing, of course). The attention to detail, the backdrops, and even the ""combine items in inventory"" dialogue are all testament to this. The character animations and cutscenes are spot-on. Personally, I love the art style and the fresh humour most of all.Great place to start if you have never played a point-and-click adventure game before, too."
76561198321207183,Recommended,214340,31648195,Posted: 9 May,all,Sarius_ca,Veeeery Cool
76561198049089108,Recommended,214340,31661937,Posted: 10 May,all,bpopow,"Solid adventure game. Riddles are on point. Just the way I like them: far from simple, but not super difficult."
,Recommended,214340,31660842,Posted: 10 May,all,Идyщий в вечность,Rly good game
76561197985373357,Recommended,214340,31679922,Posted: 11 May,all,Shaade,This is a really fun game that had me laugh out loud more than a few times. I highly recommend this game.
76561197994496229,Recommended,214340,31710995,Posted: 12 May,all,Dexter D.D.,"If you miss 2D adventures from the golden age but do not see pixelated graphics as part of the experience, look no furter.This game is colorful, exciting adventure that will save you from point & click starvation.As for downsides, some puzzles make very little sense and are not straightforward at all, but again, it is kind of industry standard for this genre."
,Recommended,214340,31729245,Posted: 13 May,all,okasion1,"This game is amazing. It won't revolutionaze the adventure genre, but it's close. And it's freaking cheap. Also it's available for Linux and works perfectly! buy it now, it's a 4th breaking wall comedy adventure. Not too many of those since Monkey Island II and Sam & Max.Did I say buy it now?"
76561197981946404,Recommended,214340,14941527,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,truei,1.Full audio (4 languages)2.Amazing adventure and amazing witticisms :)3.Enjoyable
76561198083757591,Recommended,214340,29499689,Posted: 26 January,all,Gunner,"Cute game with a lot of creativity and some challenge. However, I think it is too short and ends on a cliffhanger, which isn't satisfying. But if you are planning to by the whole franchise, then cliffhanger will not be problem for ya. It is worth playing, especially if you like classic point and click games like ""Monkey Island"" and ""Sam and Max"", because this one is just as good as them. Loved it."
,Recommended,214340,29487627,Posted: 25 January,all,ViciousCabbage,Loved the game.
76561198242640892,Recommended,214340,29750563,Posted: 6 February,all,md5,10 Droggeljug / 10
76561198065594628,Recommended,214340,29746360,Posted: 6 February,all,ElvenLord12,"This game has done somthing I thought was impossible: It made me feel for an egotistical maniac.While the art is excellent the lip sync is completely off, and a few of the animations break occasionally, but overall this game is definitely worth buying when it's on sale. I wouldn't pay $20 for it, but thankfully I bought it on sale, so totally worth it!"
,Recommended,214340,19425828,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,𝕀𝓶𝓹𝕁𝓪𝔁,That's game make you happy and makes you smile :).This game have a good and funny story nice text and very good sound effects! The dialogues are very long and humorous that's GOOOD !!! I love it ! So <3 for you Daedalic Entertainment !
,Recommended,214340,29643146,Posted: 1 February,all,Honey and Venom,"This game, and the entire series (briefly but nolonger excluding 3) are all time favorites.  As dear to me as the classic Lucas Arts and Sierra adventures to which it is hommage.  The art, characters, and puzzles are enjoyable, with some very well executed fourth wall breaks (including a puzzle that must be solved from the options menu in 2 and a joke about the translation from german in 3). Well designed, well executed and a lot of fun.  When it's on sale under a couple dollars, I'll often buy a few copies to give to friends"
76561198083052176,Recommended,214340,29683814,Posted: 3 February,all,Lesbean,"fun and challenging. i love the art style, the music, and the plot of the game. worth a buy : >"
76561198081924035,Recommended,214340,29661491,Posted: 2 February,all,crystal_star_chibi_sk,Basic point and click game. Came as part of a sale bundle. For the sale price it is not a bad little game. I will probably play the sequels when they go on sale. It's not the greatest of art or stories but not terrible either.
,Recommended,214340,31023157,Posted: 8 April,all,Bot Anonymous,Love this Gameee!!Even if It's a bad ending
76561198153956434,Not Recommended,214340,29882167,Posted: 12 February,all,Nevasith,Got this game hoping it would resemble Broken Sword 1 or 2. Id doesn't.The protagonist is unlikable and annoying. Most other characters are either not interesting or annoying too.Worst part though is the game logic. You have to pretty much click every dialogue option with everyone and click every possible thing to find the solution - that doesn't always make sense in the first place.
,Not Recommended,214340,30647888,Posted: 21 March,all,Igor the Viking,"Don't refrain from using a guide before you waste hours wandering cluelessly and eventually rage quittingCons:Puzzles are not always intuitive or logic at all;Lack of a clue system to avoid getting badly stuck;Idiotic drogglejug achievement;The constant humor gets old pretty fast;If you got this thinking it was a standalone game (as I did), too bad, you'll only see the true ending if you buy more 2 games (or more? idk);Some people will find the content sexist.Pros:Amazing art style, cool environments, decent voice acting."
76561198298612164,Recommended,214340,30179734,Posted: 25 February,all,Crumpy Hat,"This game is solid.I've bought it at the time at a discount so it was defenately worth it for me.I don't know if paying a full price is actually worth it but it heavily depends on how much you loike the old style Sam&Max adventure games.I saw many reviews claim that sometimes the advencement was far fetched.As a old geezer who grew up on Day of the Tentacle, this game was actually quite easy.The humor is not a slap on your knee kinda of thing but more of a giggle.Not to say that it isn't well scripted and fun but don't expect to tear up.Overall, I enjoyed it and it made me purchase the full trilogy (and if I like them all I'll buy the 4th installment as well)."
,Recommended,214340,29809661,Posted: 9 February,all,半蔵,"Best point and click adventure game I've played so far. Puzzles are hard ( and sometimesa little bit unfair ) but that makes it even more satisfying to solve them. Oh and the game is wicked fun, dialouges are written by a true genius and the music is amazing.I don't see and cons here. Just buy it!!!"
76561198062283645,Recommended,214340,29264475,Posted: 14 January,all,Demolition,"the first part to one of the best stories in adventure games ever. Things that seem to be silly jokes are actually parts of a larger whole. Worth re-playing after the seeing the whole trilogy.Some people have trouble with the ""non-intuitive"" puzzles -- that's because the puzzles are also often jokes based on similar puzzles in adventure games, or they are meant to put you into the main character's head. I only needed a walk through once towards the end."
,Recommended,214340,30299054,Posted: 3 March,all,Vasto4Lorde,"It feels like an old school LucasArts adventure.Great story , great music .Loved it.10/10"
,Recommended,214340,7362938,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Huge Richard,Droggeljug.
,Recommended,214340,6332115,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Sydnas sloot,one of the most bad♥♥♥♥♥adventure games i've played in a long while!
76561198369805228,Recommended,214340,31214658,Posted: 18 April,all,even,terrific    i am Chinese studying English     this game is awesome    despite there are lots of unfamilar inventory item i donnot  know you still can know them through pictures    the character  personity is my favourite    despite the whole  puzzle is tricky   i  follow the instruture while still have great fun     is just fun to see how things go and how to handle the situation   every choice and combination is within reason     is just fun to watch the characters dialogues   9.5/10     highly recommend!!!         contitune to next serize
,Recommended,214340,31265901,Posted: 20 April,all,Thanh Totti,"If you're looking for a point-and-click puzzle-solving adventure game, you found the right game. Gameplay is approximately 10 hours.PROS- Hilarious puzzles.- Good character building- Good plot, bitter sweet ending- Nice sound tracks.- Great concept art- And the CATS are so cute (awwwwwwwwwww)CONS- Some puzzles is kind of pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ ridiculously difficult.- Limited number of voice actors (Toni and Goal are the same person, Doc and Hannek are the same too)Overall, I'm highly recommended."
76561198079332385,Recommended,214340,31271464,Posted: 21 April,all,000ptimus,"The Deponia-series is a classic point&click adventure. Is has kind of a cool look, but I enjoy these games for the humour and the story. I would say, buy them all on a sale if you like p&c games and is looking for games that will make you laugh."
76561198032913610,Recommended,214340,30027157,Posted: 18 February,all,tonyroachclip,Wait for it to be on sale. The game is fine with mostly simple puzzles if you have played many cartoony point and clickers. There are a couple spots where it takes some real out of the box thinking. Nothing a quick peak at a guide cant help with. The plot is fun and humorous. Though the overall game is short. Only a three or four real big scene changes. I would say a 5 out of 10 for this game. Worthy of a run through but not worth $20.
76561197972103145,Recommended,214340,31053505,Posted: 9 April,all,SnazzyFinger,This is the first point and click adventure I've played in over 20 years.  My frustration at first of not grasping the mechanics of the genre soon fell away and I was enjoying my time.
76561198052182092,Recommended,214340,31550229,Posted: 4 May,all,CptTime,Fun adventure game with great graphics and voice acting
,Recommended,214340,31357014,Posted: 25 April,all,Cegluk Cegluk,Ok this game have a lot of sequel so:Oap oap oap oap oap v:
76561198026153231,Recommended,214340,31426172,Posted: 28 April,all,Commander Artanis,"Superb adventure point and click game. Good humor, crazy characters, crazy ex and a love story.  What more could one ask for?"
,Recommended,214340,32416936,Posted: 14 June,all,Charaktar,- creative puzzling (sometimes too creative)- humorous and packing story- beautiful artwork10/10Point&Click fans should try it
76561198154370768,Recommended,214340,32946157,Posted: 28 June,all,mercygrim96,This whole series has touched my hear in its weird way. Rufus will grow on you and all the quirky things he does for his selfish reasons you will find hilarious. Buy the whole series!
76561198210734313,Recommended,214340,32967782,Posted: 28 June,all,Oatmeal,Very fun
,Recommended,214340,32904752,Posted: 27 June,all,mathrb,Such a good point n click. Really had fun with this one. Good music.
,Recommended,214340,22729771,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,PentoniX |X|S|M|,"It is difficult, but interesting and fun"
,Recommended,214340,31316881,Posted: 23 April,all,ᴅᴇᴀᴛʜ,"эта игра стоит того, чтобы пройти её один/два раза (для получения всех ачив) и чтобы увлечься на некоторое время этой интересной вселенной и, возможно, пройти и остальные её  части.качественно, хорошо.  мне не к чему придраться. моё уважение разработчикам."
,Recommended,214340,34768149,Posted: 5 September,all,Anturi,"Excelente juego, en especial su historia."
76561198085453399,Recommended,214340,34825277,Posted: 8 September,all,Diana TWP,"Loved it!Not extremely funny, but amuzing in a light hearted way :)Game was long enough and full of weird puzzles; I definitely recommend it for a relaxing break!"
76561197965046644,Recommended,214340,35108675,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A straight forward point and click adventure with a interesting story between a wasteland and a paradise.
76561198349404881,Recommended,214340,35078764,Posted: 19 September,all,Wait8X,A mildly challenging point and click adventure with an interesting story and funny characters.
,Recommended,214340,31464432,Posted: 30 April,all,Theta,"TL;DRDefinitly worth full price if you are looking for a challenge and ingenious humor and references.Now this is a game that has it all!I really did enjoy this ride, in several aspects. It was gifting and it was entertaining. And I even realized some parts about myself through this game. Self reflection for the win!First off, the story is actually quite entertaining. I now know that there are a series concerning this game, but the first one did it, the bar is set rather high for the sequels at this point. At a first glance the story may seem short, but I can see that there are a lot of work put into the characters, the puzzles and the references. Especially the references.Jesus! I am usually good at references, but this one is actually a challenge, at least in the aspect of encrypted references, secondary and tertiary input references; as this is by all means a very ingenious game. The developers of this one knows their rust!Although some of the jokes loses a bit of their charm due to this. Sure, there are a lot, and I mean a lot 'simpler' jokes, but the more advanced ones kind of gives that impression of 'missing out', you know, when people laugh at something they do not really understand, just to not seem stupid. This game has quite a bit of that.Especially if you are not like me and absorb everything and overanalyze most input.The puzzles are challenging, because they go outside conventional and linear logic and rationality. That is what I meant that this one has everything. You may get through one piece of the overlapping puzzle by means of logic and rational thinking, but there are aspects and parts that are irrational and completely ♥♥♥♥ed up, which may be reached and solved by hardcore levels of intuition, one-in-a-billion luck or just tireless experimenting (or if you are short of time a walkthrough).There was this one puzzle that really got the best of me, I thought it to be a bug, so I reloaded an earlier save and started replay. But intuition struck, amongst severe degrees of anger and disappointment, and I was positive that people behind such a genius game like this would not make such a simple mistake, so I Googled the thing. And I was obviously not the only one to believe this to be a bug. The solution was so simple that people missed it, by (in any way) ignoring one of the simplest functions (although this function was not really explained in the weird tutorial). I am not sure whether to regard this as genial puzzle design or just a play on plays, or my own shortcoming; or all of them at the same time.Apart from that, I like the story. It is the way of every nerd. They believe themselves to be better, hates the surrounding (or 'idiotis') and usually in one way or another wishes them gone, dead or to leave them behind. And because of that loses the Girl; ha! awesome play on words suddenly realized.I know, because I have been there, to the metaphorical Elysium. I am however one of the few people to jump off. As I personally prefer true autenticity found in the lower levels to made up merit in the elite. And this is why I did enjoy this game, it was easy to parallel to my own life in many aspects.Oh yeah, and the music and voice acting is at its moments flawless. Although the music wear out slightly after a while, it is really good. And the voice acting has its ups and downs (lul), but overall it is by all means good enough to set the bar rather high.Goal/Toni - Would befriend Doc and suspect Blackbeard again."
,Recommended,214340,35220035,Posted: 26 September,all,jedi fedi,Good Point and click game!!!!
